Purchased to try out wireless charging. Very happy with purchase.
Brilliant charger , very easy to set up.
Great product! Charging port has given up so wireless is the only way I can charge my phone. Fast unlike other chargers. Glad I purchased it.
Wireless charger arrived, really well packed with a USB-C fitting into the charger. Nice touch was how well it was packaged. All connected and charges my iPhone far easier than my previous wireless charger from morphie.. has to adjust the phone around to get it to charge, this one.. straight on. No issues! Recommended and confident in the reliability given how well put together it is.
My first entry point into wireless charging. This is a robust, neatly sized charging pad. Works fast enough and discreetly sized. It comes with a USB C cable. Ive charged my iPhone X and an 8 on it with no issues.
As it says on the tin. This is a wireless charger that works with any Qi enabled device. However this little charger has a slight difference to other wireless chargers. It uses usb C to charge up rather than standard micro USB. The charging mat itself has 4 grips which do help guide you to the right spot but also help keep ur device on the mat itself. It is a very quick charger for a wireless charger as it supports 5w/7.5w/10w. current max on iphone is 7.5w and most chargers do not support this. So you end up only charging at 5w with other chargers. Charging starts instantly as shown on my video and has a small little green light to indicate charging. This charger does not blind you with flashing lights like other chargers. And only has a subtle green light.
Its very well engineered & good quality. I have tried and used well known brand but this is far better quality.
Wireless charger. Connectes to any phone anywhere. Fast charger. Packaging was great, well protected . Would definitely recommend.
Worked really well no problems charging Charged any phone i have tried No problems charging with my case on Charge speed is fast does it on fast charge It came well packaged Fast delivery
Phone doesnt slip, easily connected, excellent charger
On opening, I was surprised that it wasn’t a flush / flat surface - my concerns were negated by the ANTI-SLIP DESIGN - where 4-rubber grinds @ the top & bottom of the charger pad. This skin-friendly rubber is both visually & aesthetically pleasing to use & the air-gap created by the 4-rubber grinds accelerates heat dissipation - a great result. My iPhone & charging pad remain cool, the entire time, while I have a subtle compact black device on my office desk. Not constantly plugging in a lightning charger delivers less stress on my phones charge port & frees up the lightning connector for wired earphones or other devices - as I’ve yet to find any splitters that actually work for power & audio combined. I always carry my iPhone in a protective case, so charging with my case fitted was a must & this CASE FRIENDLY pad works perfectly with my case & yes, the charger pad automatically stops charging once my iPhone is fully charged - the green flashing light letting me knows whenever it’s actively charging due to it’s SMART IC TECHNOLOGY. Full charge times are rapid, living up to its RAPID CHARGING statement - Not that I can see the built-in 106 cooling holes, but this pad has never heated up beyond ’tepid which must prolong battery & charging pad lifespans. If you’re a heavy phone user, the only down-side that I see to-date is not being plugged into a power supply, whilst on a call - for me, I try to schedule charge cycles to optimise battery performance & life, so it’s not an issue.
Came well packed, everything you need to wireless charge a phone.  See photo. One component missing, a actual plug in charger.  You have to use a USB socket or your own charger but I knew this before ordering so will not knock a star off.  Just be aware. It is a USB C cable and connector which is the new specification and not fiddly like the old versions. Cable  is long enough for my needs. The wireless charger is small and my phone sits nicely on top without slipping off due to some small non slip feet. Overall very happy.
So, I am in love with yet another product made  by UNBREAKcable  I couldn’t wait to open the amazon package when it arrived and did so within seconds of it being delivered! Now, it seems the packaging has been thought through very well as it’s literally the right amount of everything to allow a snug fit - Attention to detail right there! The contents, what you get in the package is a perfectly made 1M USB C cable made of a rubber material that looks and feels great and also the very stylish, low profile and small footprint QI wireless charging pad. I have an iPhone X with the armour UNBREAKcable case on and have placed it flat next to the charger and it’s just about the same thickness which is ideal. On the top and bottom of the charger you can see 4 tiny rubber tabs, these are in place to stop the charger and phone sliding around which is a cool touch. Only put my phone on it for literally 2 minutes and the phone charged from 9% to 12%!! Fast! If you haven’t got one - YOU NEED ONE!
Wow had the charger a few weeks wanted to trial it before I reviewed it . The charger arrived well packaged and very quickly . Unpacked and plugged in charged my iPhone without removing the cover no problem. I have used it since with no problem and even took it on holidays . The iPhone does not slip on the charger and stays perfectly in position I would highly recommend
The charger is slim, it can be positioned on a flat surface and support the phone for a wireless charging. The design is good, it would be great to have a white version, too!
Excellent product, well built, I have had other wireless chargers that I needed to take my cover off to work, but this product works with a thick leather cover. Must recommend
Very good charger, works with case with cards on the back. Comes with 36 Month warranty on registration. Its light and feels robust.
Used this for two days and phone not getting hot. Charges phone quickly.
They say that charging your phone wirelessly takes longer but I really can’t tell a lot of difference with this charger! Very happy and worth the money.
I use this on my bedroom side table. Being able to wirelessly charge over night is great. I love not having to root around for the cable to connect/disconnect.
Amazing wireless charger. It charges at a great speed, when i put my phone on it, it comes up on the phone "fast charging wirelessly". But the main thing i love about this is that it 100% works every time. With my old wireless charger I always had to adjust the thing im charging as sometimes it would cut off or not register straight away, especially my wireless earbuds. With this it just works everytime, dont even need to centre it, even my earbuds, havent had an error once yet.
