I’ve said it before, I’m not a Corsair fan. I’ve had bad luck with their keyboards and memory. Then a few years back they had SSD’s die enemas and I was one of the unfortunate that had several die, all within a short period of time. This turned me off the whole product line up. Only recently was I able to review one of their current power supplies and I have to admit, I’m happy with it but when I saw the headset I thought it would give me an opportunity to find something new to complain about. I was wrong. TL;DR – For the money its a very nice gaming headset . Nothing super fancy, just the features I need except an LED that shows mic is active. Very good audio reproduction on both the drivers and mic input. Comfortable for long gaming sessions, soft muffs and easy adjustments. The first thing I noticed after opening the box is that this thing is built like a tank. It appears to be far better built than any other headset I have used. That said, they aren’t a lot heavier than most of those other headsets. The slight bit of extra weight is borne by the ultra-soft ear muffs as they sit completley over top of my ears and then the cushion which runs across the inside of the head band. This is a full over the ear headset, the muffs do not sit on my ears, they completely envelope them. I found that after a few hours they still remained as comfortable as when I first slipped them on. The muffs move and swivel in three axis allowing for a very comfortable fit. Sound wise they produce some pretty good audio. While not on par with $300+ products they are better than some of the costlier headsets I own. I was also expecting the reproduction to be heavy on bass as the drivers are very large. I found that they don’t lack in any area and are nicely tuned. When listening to music I find that they do produce a nice deep and rich experience, not that I expect to use them much for music but it’s just an important item I like to check on when I get a new headset. The “Corsair Utility Engine” software allows for some equalization to help tweak performance if needed. The software is multi functional, if you already own a current model keyboard or mouse and have the software installed you’ll most likely find that you can use it for the headset as well. The equalizer with a few pre-sets is ok, it does allow for customized profiles if needed/desired and it also has the Dolby Surround enhancement. It’s being sold as a 7.1 kind of enhancement but I find that it’s very much like the “expand” feature many audio apps have. It does add some depth to the audio programming but it’s no replacement for an actual 7.1 system. The mic can be folded up and out of the way. It’s also semi ridged allowing it to be bent into position, the other current headsets I own all have very stiff mic booms and they aren’t in the best position. Theres one thing missing here, an indicator LED on the actual mic tip that would show either mic on or off. The mute button is easy enough to locate by feel, it’s a long bar rather than some tiny button, but I never really know if I’ve depressed it far enough to change state. When folded up the mic is not automatically muted as with some headsets. When the volume is set at full, both on the PC and headset and listening to music or in game explosions which are really loud, there is no feed back through the mic. This has been an issue with other headsets and always a concern. I found that using the mic gain control provided by the software I was able to find that sweet spot where no one has problems hearing me but they don’t hear what I’m listening to nor do they hear my mashing about on the mechanical keyboard. With the software, I can also set up side tone so that I can better hear myself rather than shouting which brings unwanted local attention from other inhabitants of the dwelling. This is important as the muffs do a very good job of eliminating external background noise. The volume control located on the same muff as the mic and mute button (left hand) is easy to get at and offers resistance when making adjustments. This allows for easily finding the right level. As for volume, there is more than enough to make your ear drums slap high fives in the middle of your cranium. I had my doubts on how loud it could go as I’ve not had good luck with USB to audio jack converters providing enough power to properly drive a headset. No problems here. The four pin jack works in any device I have with a 3.5mm jack, laptop, tablet, or phone. Used with a phone I found the mic sounds better than any other headset I’ve ever used, Bluetooth or direct connection. Installation was simple, install the software, plug in USB adapter, use headset, viola. No hassles. I’m a PC only gamer so can’t comment on its connectivity with consoles but there are other reviewers who have covered that aspect. The biggest regret here is the lack of a "mic active" LED.
Corsair have done a great service by making such a high quality gaming headset. This is the most Ive ever spent on a pair of headphones, by far, and I doubt Id ever spend more than this. I did my research for almost a week before deciding on getting these. Even tested out comparable models in Curries before making my choice. Boy was it the right choice. Its not just fantastic audio quality out of the headset, perfect for gaming, as well as really enjoying movies, but the mic is incredibly good too. Ive had numerous compliments about how loud and clear my audio comes through over teamspeak and discord. If youre like me, youre used to hearing people with terrible mics, even though they paid an arm and a leg for them, where even if you turn them all the way up, theyre still too quiet or too distorted. Or worse, their crappy mic picks up everything it shouldnt, from their typing, to their wife in the background, to the gameplay and voice comms, so you get terrible and distracting feedback loops that make you not want to play with them ever again. With the void pro, you can be assured nobody will get anything but audio perfection from you. Sadly the void pro cant fix their terrible mic, but maybe Corsair will figure something out for a future model. Some kind of "fix your friends crappy audio for them" option.
Brought these to replace my Vengeance 1500 after they broke - about 6 years old at the time, came back to Corsair as I loved my previous headset and I was not disappointed. Ok, so the fit and the volume seem to be the key talking points about these. The headset itself is super comfortable, easily usable for  5 hours straight. However, unlike most headsets the Void Pro doesnt squeeze your head so if you were moving sharply then they will move but you would have to be trying hard to have them fall off. Ive had no issue with the volume of these, maybe there was an issue with the early drivers no idea. One thing I will say is there is a volume control wheel on the back of the left ear. The wheel isnt labelled and adjusting it isnt reflected on the PC. E.g Twitch Vol 100%, Windows Vol 100% Void Pro Wheel 0%. Volume icon on desktop = 100% Audio output = 0%. So make sure it is turned up! The sound quality is amazing in my opinion, not the best Ive ever heard but for the price youre paying you cant expect much more. Build quality seems good as well and I wouldnt think twice about buying them
Best headset ever
Really comfortable, but I have been told mic quality could be better.
Present for my son who is very pleased with  them
as promised
Love them
awesome headset well worth the money
purchased for my son, he says they are the best headset he has owned, battery life is excellent
Got these when price was low (about 40ish quid) and have been really impressed. Excellent value (for what i paid) and really decent mic and audio quality. I do a lot of gaming, so use discord/teamspeak/voip all the time and this headset is perfect. The old Corsair ICUE software that you require to run this headset used to be a bit of a pain but after updates a while back runs perfectly.
Great headset fits well done plenty of 12hour non stop sessions and it works flawlessly battery lasts I don’t use the lighting effects but it’s a bonus I guess , would highly recommend to anyone!
Signal of this headphones could be improved but otherwise they are really good
Daughter loves these and for a teengaer they are great quality .
They work perfect and comfortable.
I’m very happy I purchased these headphones after looking at some Razer ones. These are extremely comfortably and light, you can change the colours and EQ on the desktop app. Highly recommended.
These things are great, brilliant sound quality, and mic is superb.  Comfy and holds charge for a week or more of nightly gaming.
the review stars is based on its price not on its merits. the headphones are brilliant and wearing them while charging only happens now again but not a hassle. wireless range on them is astonishing. durability is good for now and sturdy to boot
So easy to use..bought for the pc plug n play...that simple...!
AMAZING!!!!!
Ive tried a few headsets over the years and these Corsair ones are the best to date. Cordless for convenience although you can use them with the USB cord plugged in for power if you need to. The battery life is adequate for most peoples purposes (and you can improve this by turning off the pretty pulsing logo!) and the range is the best of the cordless headphones my family has used yet.  We dont notice any delay in speech and the mic quality is good. Surround sound is about as good as you can expect from a synthesised effect.
Great designed headset as you would expect from Corsair, and even though im hard of hearing they are awesome in the sound department, with easy adjustment of the volume that on my PC also shows the sound level also. A great replacement to my old Sony wireless headset.
I have been looking at headsets for gaming for a long time, after trying a friends TB set. I liked the fact that you can hear everything, but the TB set of my mates were heavy and uncomfortable. I discovered this set by accident, just by changing my search parameters and searched for PC and not console gaming. The sound is fantastic, they are light and comfortable with good size ear cups. I have worn these for many sessions over 8 hours with no aches or pains. The only downside is the mike cannot be removed, but it can be folded up out of the way. If you get these make sure you download the control app for PC, makes a massive difference with customization.
Ive been using these headphones for a few months now. They have good sound but slightly lack in bass, compared to previous headphones Ive had but the sound is still very good. The battery life wont last as long if you have the RGB flashing all the time so I turned them off and can get a full days worth of use out of them, and then charge over night. Happy with these headphones!
Really comfy and perfect for gaming
Present for my grandson who tells me its awesome! ! Couldnt  have bought him anything better. Hed done his research on it and said it was the best! ! So job well done.
Has everything everything, but has mediocre sound quality
Many sound, much 7.1
Love the way they look and feel, wish the headband was a bit firmer like the astro a40 but other than that very happy with them after 2 months
I purchased this headset as an alternative to the razer headsets and i can tell you i am not disappointed in the slightest. The surround sound that is provided by this headset is unbelievable considering the price compared to razer and also has a decent range as i can go downstairs without loosing connection.
These headphones are excellent! The only downside to them is the battery life, if they could make it last a bit longer, then that would be great. Otherwise its a great product.
These is some great quality headset. The sound is amazing and the 7.1 virtual surround makes a noticable difference. The mic quality is also good so no complains there. Unfortunately the battery is really average so it will last about 3-4 hours of use. However it will take the same amount of time to charge so its a good thing it comes with a long USB cable for charging (as you can still use it while charging). It does feel a bit "big" but nothing you cannot get used to after a couple of uses. You can easily wear them for a long session of gaming even in the summer as they will not make your head/ears hot too much but you do need to get used to the fact that the headset sits a bit further in the front on your head. The only two complains complains I have: 1) Corsairs iCUE software. Although easy to use for the EQ, RGB effects etc, its really hard to see where the battery levels of the headset are. You have to dig into settings to check the battery level and if you are charging the headset you get no reading whatsoever. So thats a bit furstrating. 2) The mic mutes automatically once you move up the boom. However sometimes it will not unmute when you put it in the original position. Again something that needs to be fixed by iCUE I suspect. Overall this is a great product only let down by the software.
Love these
Brought these and had them a while now, what can i say.... they are pretty awesome. brought these as the wire on my strix 7.1 headset broke and tbh im glad it did as these are way better!
Nice product plastic but feels good looking the surround sound too! Having an all corsair pc appeals to me and this doesnt disappoint
love it
Brought this headset on offer for 65. Great value however not sure if I would pay more for a headset. Very comfy and no longer have to worry about the damn cables getting caught on my chair arm or leg. Battery lasts a good 12 hours and is quick to charge. Cool features such as flip up mic to mute. Audio is crystal clear and the microphone is too. SOMETHING TO CONSIDER is this headset is big. I thought I would be fine because I have a pretty big head however it fits on the SMALLEST SETTING. If you have a small head Im not sure how well it would stay on. Love this headset though cant see myself going back to wired.
Good item but returned because not required
Very comfortable
Work really well on pc and Xbox. Lovely sound very pleased
This headset oozes quality from the moment you open the box! I play a *lot* of online games, lately, the Division 2. I bought this as I quite fancied the idea of wireless headphones and the RGB option - although very pretty - wasnnt a deal breaker for me. Straight out of the box, it all worked perfectly! the Headphones are robust, feel lovely on and were extremely comfortable even after last niights 8-hour gaming session! The ability of the earcups to fold flat is an added bonus, it means you can still wear the phones around your neck whilst having a a real world conversation. **NB, to make use of the RGB lighting, and access the headphones audio functions/ EQ modes, etc., you have to download/install Corsairs iCUE program. It works like a charm :) Sound quality is excellent! As an added bonus the headset allows you to select which mode (Stereo/Dolby headphone) to use (I totally recommend the Dolby headphone option for FPS games!) in addition to 5 distinct EQ settings (I prefer the FPS Competition setting). I find that regardless of what Im doing on the PC, I get great sounding audio without the cable drag! (You also can plug the Headphones into the charging cable to charge and play with no great inconvenience, as the supplied cable is lovely and long) I am not sponsored by / affiliated with Corsair in any way,  and have no hesitation in heartily recommending these headphones! :)
Very comfortable and not too heavy with a light clamping force, it can move a little with vigorous head movement but thats not a problem. Sound quality is excellent with the direction of sound (gunfire, vehicles, etc) very clearly defined. The mic also appears to be quite good as well, teammates say the clarity and volume are good. Battery life appears to be good so far with around 14 hours if the RGB is disabled. It also works on PS4,  just plug in and use and the volume is fine as well. Although some of the features are disabled such as the EQ settings and surround sound - the iCue software on PC is needed for these - these dont seem to be missed. Overall, an excellent headset for the price,  especially since it is wireless.
Great comfort and sound, wireless is a bonus and battery life is really good, I recommend,
light and comfortable
The only real fault i found with this head set, was when it is on charge on my headset stand as the light indercator is on the bottom
great headset been using for so long no problems mic sound perfect no ear ache can wear for hours on end
Ive had this headset for just under a year and they have been amazing, I had a set of Madcat freq 9s  and turtle beach x11s in the past, The Void Pro RGB headset has been and remains very comfortable after daily use around 10 hours at least each day the battery life lasts me for about 2 days but they are fast charging and the long mini USB provided gives more that enough length (2M) to charge while wearing them. Im no audiophile but the sound is very good in my opinion, Clear audio and no distortion at a 20ft range and finally the fact that they were on my desk chair and I just sat my 17 stone self on to them with more force than one of John Cenas  top-rope leg drops gives me great confidence in how sturdy they are.
It does exactly what it says on the tin, which is unusual for an Amazon listing.
Quality headset
Im an avid gamer and have had many headsets over the years. Its always been difficult to find an all round  heatset to fit my head and not make my ears hurt. I have been watching the reviews for this and waited for this to become available and i am so glad i did! Taking it out of the box and setting it up, first impressions looked gorgeous, it fit comfortably over my head and ears and had a cool looking configuration panel. Sound quality is awesome, music, FPS games, Crysal clear. It gives the options to choose preset settings or find your own sound. The mirophone sits up out the way if not in use or pulls down slightly under your bottom lip. The volume control is on the back of the left, its so easy to flick up or down. It does talk to you...tells you if mic is on/off or if its muted. Battery low (charge cable is long so plugging in whilst using doesnt get in the way). Right now I would highly recommend, ive honestly not found a fault with it yet but will update my review IF i fing any cons.
These do not noise cancel so if you are getting them for that look elsewhere. That said, they are great. They are very light and the battery life is very long. There is no feedback noise when charging and using them at the same time so if the power does run out you can keep using them. Surround sound is really good and the software is not hard to use. I have also had no problems using them on windows 10 although they sound better with the software running than without. They are comfortable and light, I have used them for many hours without noticing them. I cannot say a bad thing about this headset! Love them!
Really great build quality head phones. sound quality is great with the Dolby. Make sure you download the PC software for Dolby sound. upgraded from Logitech premium headphones Artemis G933. with no regrets . very happy with these headphones.
Good sound quality on PS4, easier to distinguish where other players are by sound. Very loud on full volume too.
This headset is amazing. For its price, it does as it says in the description to its fullest. Bear in mind, Dolby 7.1 doesnt mean 7 speakers, its 7 different directions of sound per speaker. Its a headset, not a sound system.
I got these on a discount for 55 which I consider a bargain. After using the headset for nearly a week I can honestly say I would have been happy to pay the full price. I stopped buying expensive headsets once turtle beaches started getting shocking in terms of build quality (PX series onward, I broke 3 pairs in 1 year) But these are superb, the sound is great, the feel is great and the build quality is excellent and feels really solid. If you have a small head the fit may be an issue, I have what I would consider an average head and the smallest setting on the band fits me perfect. The product was with me within 18 hours.
most comfortable gaming headset Ive ever worn. I upgraded to this from an older corsair wireless headset, and the range of this headset far surpasses it. I live in a 3 story building with thick walls and so far these have never cut out anywhere within the house.
Ive had 2 of these void headsets, the pro being the 2nd. first one which wasnt the pro version stopped working after a year, usb port and battery stopped charging which im RMA sending back for a replacement. The pro version arrived last week, since using i have had issues with the cable usb to the headset making a connection / disconnection sound when its touched slightly, nothing major but i expect at this price for that not to happen. The headset cups are quite loose compared to other headsets, not a major issue, just wish they were slightly tighter on the ears. The battery life is average quality. not the worst but could be better by a few hours.  Apart from those issues and the disappointing battery life everything else is fine. I find the sound on the void pro very nice for gaming, movies and genral listening. The microphone is nice, works perfect and the sound is slightly better than the previous version on the non-pro. Would i buy a corsair headset again, no. I think ill go with another brand. Not hating on Corsair, but their headsets are not leading the race. Still work to do.
Gift for hubby, he’s happy with them
RGB Everything! Now even my ears are RGB. My wife says I look a plonker, but I don’t care. The sound quality is great. Range is better than expected. Added bonus of the RGB is that I no longer have to turn the lights on to pee at night :-D
I have had many wireless headsets that breaks, these seams a lot better after a lot of use
Expensive - son loves em!
this headset is amazing for its price,  well worth it , helps so much with gaming .
These are my first wireless headphones and by some way my most expensive (there are many others that cost a lot more), but I must say these are probably my best. They look and feel well made, the packaging is good, the sound is good, and they feel comfortable even after several hours. They work straight out of the box, you need only charge them up first. I would recommend downloading the app/drivers as this brings up features that you can customize to your own taste, some of which extend the battery life. I get about 8 hours without the need for customizing. There are some well thought out features in these headphones, like when you pull down the microphone they switch themselves on and a voice tells you that the microphone is on, and obviously the reverse when you push the mic up. You can set an automatic shutdown time when they are not detecting any sound, by default this is set at five mins. Some people have reported that when they put their head down they feel like the headphones are going to fall off. This is partially true but I think that some of it is down to the design which has shifted the center of gravity forwards so you need to put them further back on your head than you might be used to. It is hard to find fault with these headphones but if I was being picky I would have to say that they are probably going to be too big for children to wear. But as I was buying them for myself (adult male) this is not an issue so I am giving them the full five stars.
This is my second set as I enjoyed the first set and used them till they were run in to the ground. I tried other headsets even the new hs70 but these are far more comfortable and sound just as good. Sound quality is great sure it’s no 300 headset but for the price you are not going to get much better. Range on WiFi is ok more dependant on how many walls it has to go through , but fine for my needs.
Im using the headset basically for gaming and discord and it works like a charm. Also really good for listening to music and movies. Great construction quality as well. Its worth it
Have had these for a month now and just really started to get used to them. Good quality build and sound.
lightweight, great sound and they have RGBS, what more could you ask for
This is one of the few headsets Ive tried that doesnt give me a headache or hurt in any way, its light the earpieces fit well with no pressure at all.  The sound was surprisingly good and the microphone quality is very good.  If you are looking for noise cancellation it wouldnt be my first choice but thats because it fits loosely enough not to cause me discomfort and does let some noise through but only negligibly.  Its exactly what I was looking for at a price I was willing to pay.
Used this product for 4 years now, it is fantastic, would highly recommend.
One of the best price/quality ratio I could find.
Excellent headphones
Bought them for a friends birthday. He loves them, however the only downside he mentioned was that if youve got a small head (which he seems to) the do droop a little.
Easy to use, comfortable and good sound
When youre buying around for a pair of headphones of this price region, theyre all pretty much the same solid good quality headphones, so really it comes down to brand-recognition Id say - as to what you actually end up buying. The headphones come in a very sturdy box - nothing too fancy, gets the job done. The headphones feel very sturdy which I was surprised by as I have felt the quality of the wired versions and they feel a lot more flimsy than the wireless ones. The sound quality has very good lows, mediums & highs.  Bass is great. I like the ability to turn surround on and off with a button press. The padding and feel of the headset whilst wearing is good - although this really comes down to each individual user. It isnt advertised as sound-cancelling because its not a feature of the headphones like other headphones are - but it still does a good job of blocking out sound. Only specif negative is that the wireless USB dongle has yellow wrapped round it and is as big as a standard USB pen and not a small discreet receiver which I would have preferred - but that is very nit-picky of me.
Okay so, all good, but the battery life sucks. Apart from that, does everything youd expect.
Lightweight, good for the money you pay.
cannot fault this headset as its fitting ok and snug
After a very long time the battery life failed ended up having to keep the charger plugged in, but other than that a very good product.
Headset is amazing has a female voise assistant build in to tell you if you have just muted or unmuted mic/ tell you if you have pressed for surround sound or stereo. And has five presets. You can turn the sound up and down from a knob on the side that is also a button and shows a red led indicator to show if muted or unmuted would recommend watching a YT video to see all features. Cons are it it can only be used on a device if it has the dongle so using a phone for it is not available unless you get a micro to use adapter. And the sound can randomly cut out for a few minutes in games then cone back I know other people have this problem as well but all around a great headset none of the less :)
Headset fits and wears comfortably. The mic works great and is positioned in a nice place on the fixed arm. I did have to go into sound settings and alter the quality as i sounded like a robot on voice chat after i first used it - but this was a quick google and 3 minute settings fix. Would recommend this product for gamers and streamers
perfect, no issues installing / setting up, sound is crisp clear, software runs perfect, mic not best but as wireless and headset mic its better than most on the market 10/10 buy it now or be a scrub for the rest of yo gaming life
Great headphone, and mic. Just lacking bass. Do not regret buying!
Well worth the money, upgraded from a 50.00 headset and i truly felt the difference, slightly heavier but easy to get used to, good for gaming and listening to music, can really feel the bass when listening to songs. 5 stars
I bought these because I needed to game quietly.  Within a couple of weeks I found these became my preference.  The surround sound increases the sense of atmosphere and the ease of switching the mic on and off is fantastic.
These are fantastic. Having wireless headphones is amazing and these are above par.
I was a bit cautious about buying a wireless headset because Ive had some pretty bad experiences with wireless devices in the past. But Im really happy with the Corsair Void Pro. Being able to move freely around the room whilst still being able to talk to friends or listen to music is actually the best thing about having a wireless headset. Its awesome! The fit is surprisingly loose no matter how you adjust the headband. When you shake your head, the headset does wiggle around. Its not the end of the world or anything but if youre looking for a firm fit then this probably isnt for you unless you have a massive head. The battery life is pretty good. It lasts about 4-5 hours and you can charge it with a USB cable without having to stop using it so essentially it turns into a wired headset. It doesnt look the best on your head. There are more stylish looking headsets out there, but Im not too concerned about that. The RGB lighting is a bit of a gimmick to be honest and I noticed that having a pulsating light setting does interfere with the audio (very high frequency noise every time the light pulses) so I just have a static blue. There are controls on the headset itself, which is a nice touch - a power button, mute button and a switch to adjust the volume. Sound quality is pretty decent. Im no audiophile, but music and games sound good with solid highs and mids and the bass isnt too heavy like with a lot of gaming headsets. The mic is fine. It automatically turns off when you raise it up to the top and turns on when you lower it down. My friend did say that the quality was worse than my previous headset, which was the Corsair Vengeance. Overall, if youre looking for a wireless headset then this is a great option to consider, although it is a bit pricey.
Would recommend to anyone looking for wireless gaming headphones. Very comfy dont get the slight ache after wearing them a few hours.
Amazing long battery with clear audio.
Fast delivery, just as described. Thank you.
These not only look good but sound good too.  The lad can wander all round the house and still speak to his friends or listen in to their wailing as they realise he isnt there to back them up while he makes a buttie downstairs, Thoroughly recommended.
Great headset, definitely worth the money!! Excellent sound quality and mic is very clear, and love the design :)
These are a great set of gaming headphones for the price, sound quality for gaming is fine although they lack power in the lower frequencies. The microphone seems to work well over Discord, never had any reports of my voice being distorted or poor quality which is great. They are fairly lightweight and comfortable, although i am comparing this to a pair of Beats Pros that are very heavy and start to hurt your head after a few hours of use. Battery life is acceptable, i often recharge them after each session anyway to avoid running out of battery mid game. I like the iCUE integration, nice and simple and gives lots of customisation options, such as colour, EQ, Microphone levels etc.
One of the comfiest headsets I’ve ever used. Not to mention the sound quality is amazing for gaming.
Really reliable great set of pc gaming headset
It’s a great product I already had a Corsair mouse so when I needed a new headset I knew exactly what company to get it from.
Great headset love it
I definitely recommend! Good sound quality , mic quality, comfort and battery life!
Nice looking headphones, sound good just one issue you can’t control the mic sound while playing which is annoying because you can’t hear your friends properly.
I have decided to go nuts, and write reviews for all last years purchases! I am pretty impressed Although ive found at times it cuts out sound, but im starting to think it might be my PC not the headset!! ill look into that. Im very fussy with my headsets, i can never find one with a good mic ( you never will to be honest) but this one is acceptable atleast! Comfortable and i like the feature that lets me hear myself so i can tell if i am talking to loud - the only issue i have with this is in the icue app its setting works with the headset, not another mic ( i now own a desktop mic and would of liked the function to work with that ) I can use it for a good few hours before it becomes annoying and uncomfortable which is a bit better than my previous headsets. Please let me know if you liked this review.
At first i loved it. Great sound that can be customized with iCue, a nice mic, comfortable etc. But i purchased it in late October, its now late January and im starting to hear static every so often
Bought as a present perfect present previous pair just stopped working so they are a replacement but the quality is even better.
Hinges are a bit loose but otherwise a great quality product, sound is amazing
Best gaming headphones for great price. Very comfortable, clear and durable product.
Good product just disconnects sometimes
Corsair Void Pro - Fantastic little headset. It literally plug in and listen/speak. It arrived on time, it very comfortable and overall a reasonable good headset. Pro: Great Sound Quality. No leads Comfortable fitting Solid build headset (No plastic rubbish) Battery life (14 hours and still going strong) Cons: Sweating ears after around 4 hours play. My previous headset was alot more expensive Logitech g933. The Corsair Void Pro put it to shame and for 70 I cant moan.
I have had the previous version for the past I believe 2 years but I damaged the Microphone so I had to get a new one but the damage was fully my fault not due to a poor design or anything just my bad.
Brilliant product. Works instantly on both pc and PS4 without further set up.
The user says “ they’re ace man,the bees knees”
Amazing headset, very comfortable to wear for hours if playing video games or even to listen to music. Sound quality is impressive, clear and Mic is also very clear - my friend commented on my voice being clearer when I started using these, I had replaced a 8 year old headset from corsair which was only because I lost the usb dongle that comes with the headset. I fully expect these ones to last just as long as they feel well build.
Very good sound after the update. Battery during almost 2 days. Extremly good headphones. The package arrive very fast
Stepson was extremely happy with the gift and loved it
Best Headset Ive ever Owned,  7.1 surround is perfect for PUBG . GAMING, Mic turns off when lifting the headset Easy buttons for mute / volume control. Battery for me lasts 15 hours constant from full charge. Comfortable Get a stand for it and looks the part.
A good quality headset for online gaming.  Wire is nice and long and feels nice yo what with sound isolation.
If you are looking for decent wireless headphones then these are great! The sound quality is clear and they can be worn for hours without getting uncomfortable!
brilliant
Okay, first of all. Fantastic. Sound is beyond what i was expecting. the battery lasts easily a day on a full charge. the mic when moved up automatically mutes. i have trouble changing the volume. when i use the up or down volume lever on the headset it sometimes does not register. leaving you fiddling with the lever until it registers. also if your used to a non soft fabric grip around your ears, this soft fabric will be a shock. sometimes it even becomes uncomfortable after a while Not sure whether i agree on the price or not.
Thisvwireless headsetvis amazing and has a great range of signal but one thing that can be found annoying is the actual corsair program.
This is on paper an excellent headset, in fact, I do for the most part love it. There are however some fairly critical issues I feel its only fair to mention. This headset has limited adjustment, only up and down adjustment. It feels very loose and I would not say I have a small head. To the point, if you look down it tries its very best to get itself off of your head. It is very comfortable however and the build quality is great. with use of nice feeling plastics and metal. The ear cushions are very soft and fairly breathable. You can probably wear this all day without issue. Another great feature is that it can be used while charging and unplugging and plugging in on the fly are simple, no disconnect and reconnect, all seamless. Presumably, because it uses the wireless regardless of if its charging or not. Sound quality is excellent, the software iCUE is fairly good although needs some UI work. You can still quite easily figure out the main things, its just stuff like syncing RGB lighting with your mouse that seems difficult, however, I may be missing a trick here. For the price this is an excellent headset but if you move around a lot or require a lot of adjustment to get the perfect fit this headset may not be for you.
Great head set I have a large head and this headset fits perfect, ear pieces are comfortable and the quality is great
Beautiful piece of kit, wireless range is a bit short but Im just glad theres no cable in the way!
The headphones is great mic quality is slightly above average , but the earcups have a very loose fit and allows alot of sound leakage but if you have a big head it should be fine
Good however, the cable loves to twirl. you may need some sort of cable shieth or somethin to stop the cable from twisting
Excellent
Love the head set fits perfectly sounds great
If youre an audio-afile like myself, you will thoroughly enjoy the range of settings you can have on the Corsair VOID YellowJacket. Initial setup is complicated at first but once you get a hand of how to operate the dongle and transmitter, the headset is efficient
Great quality sound and durability - Not too expensive but you get great value for money when purchasing this headset. If I were to buy another one though, I would go for the wireless one because the wire gets in your way sometimes, but other than that a great all-around gaming headset.
Works great with PC and PS4. Unbelievable sound, comfortable for hours also great battery life.
Unable to connect them to my ipad, good value for money though and good dursbility and battery life.
The corsair void pro wireless are good but they easily fall off my head. I have to sit still to stop then falling off but other than that, they are good.
Good quality headset
Amazing! Really cool how the mic goes on and off when you pull it down/up.. good feature.
Very happy with this buy sounds great
Great sound and comfort, however Corsair need to improve the battery capacity.
Ive had wired headsets for a while & wanted to change over to wireless for a bit more freedom. Build quality is good, feels very well made & sturdy. The ear cups are very comfortable, the only negative I have about the build quality is the headset doesnt clamp to your head very well it will fall off if you tilt your head around too much. Audio quality, both sound & microphone are about average nothing special but for gaming sessions is all you really need without having to spending more.
A1
The headphones are very comfortable and once I have them on I cannot hear anything else other than what’s coming through them. The sound quality is excellent as is the microphone. The set-up was very quick - plug and play on the console and a couple of minutes on the PC. The downside is that Dolby surround sound is only for use with the PC but it is stated so wasn’t a surprise.
All Oki. Fast deliwery
everything about this headset is perfect except one thing. It sounds great, its wireless, it blocks sound, its comfy and can be worn for hours upon hours...however it can easily come of your head, one head shake and the headset goes flying! Despite this i have tried lots of headsets and this is still my favorite headset ever.
Pros: Amazing sound, very comfortable as the ear cups sit on the ears instead of pressing against them, nicely packaged on delivery. Cons: Only negative I can say is that it slides off your head slightly if you look down but to be honest who’s looking down to game? And also it’s not meant to be ‘strapped on’ the fact it can slide off means that the sound isn’t ‘echoey’ Overall very good value for money, very happy with my purchase
Cracking headset.. Worth the money 
My son had these headphones for his birthday and he says they are the best build quality and the best sound quality he has had chance to use ,and he has used quite a few.
They really do everything i want them for and theyre easy to use
Pros: 1) Great sound quality, like - very nice, after a small issue Ill describe in cons. 2) Mic is good and my online buddies say Im nice and clear on voice chat. Cons 1) This B**** WILL NOT STAY ON MY HEAD. I dont have a small head either, its just built too damn wide and it slips all over the place. Ill use these whilst Im a bit cash poor, but this will probably be the shortest use of a peripheral Ive ever had. 2) The built-in default sound EQ preset (pure direct - the one with everything at 0db, no high freqs or bass freqs boosted) makes everything sound like youre listening to everything through a thick sheet of plastic or bubble wrap. Its the weirdest thing. If you tweak it to boost the highs and lows but leave the mids where they are then you get a lot more clarity back in your audio, which is weird because these are a really nice set of cans with great speakers in them, so why they didnt fix the default profile that comes out of them is very odd. But a little bit of tweaking removes this con - just dont forget to do it. (Ive attached the pic of what I "fixed" the EQ preset with. Use if you like. Or dont, I dont care.) Meh iCUE support is there. but whats the point of a having some RGB on your ears when.. you.. cant.. see it. TL;DR. Great set of cans if you can get them on a strong discount. If you think your Gods gift to gaming, these should fit your big head just fine. Or use Duct tape.
Love this headset, would be 5 stars if not for a minor bug that cause the headset to initiate auto-shutdown even when they are in use.
Great
Sound quality is really good as you would expect, but I honesty would save a bit more money and get the wireless version.
I love these.
I use this for gaming and music and am very content
Present for son
Bought for fps playing. Had to mess around with the equiliser to get a decent sound. Would be better if they were a bit louder too.
Fantastic headset, easy to install. Plug and play.
Good quality and very comfy
When i purchased this headset as my first sorruond sound headset i was pleasently surprised by how immerssive and comfortable this headset is but the one let down i had was when i tried to play on my pc even after deleting and re-installing the icue softare on my computer it started to any me however hard i tried sound wouldnt come through the headset instead came out of my speakers and distracted my team mates through the echo.
Great sound. Easy install. Looks great. Love the flip the mic up to mute function. 2 small issues. 1) They are a little loose on the head and feel like they are always on the verge of coming off - but you get used to it 2) If you use sidetone to hear your own voice back, if you mute the mic, when you unmute the sidetone does not come back and you have to toggle it off and on again.  This is a known issue and it has been quite some time without an update or patch to fix it. Other than that this is a great headset. The virtual surround is brilliant. Good bass. The mic is decent too.
My girlfriend bought me this for my birthday last year as I always wanted a wireless headset for gaming. She surprised me with this I have to say I was just as surprised to receive it. It has a really nice design, doesn’t feel cheap and the rotatable cups were a nice touch. It’s got some nice foam/cushion in the headband which sits nicely on your head. The things I wasn’t too fussed on where it’s battery life and user interface. There’s no way of telling how low your headset is unless you look open up the Corsair software and view it there, the battery seems to last 3-4 straight hours of gaming which is ok but if  okay for 7+ a day I wouldn’t recommend a wireless headset to begin with. The last gripe I have with it is the fact that you can’t connect it to anything like a normal headset, you NEED the USB that comes with it to work or connect. So if you wanted to use them for comfort listening to music on your phone....not happening. Overall The bones of the product are good for what you get, it is wireless, sounds good, feels good to wear. But for the meat of the product, the shirt battery life, annoying software and incompatibility with other devices lets it down.
I like the design and they fit pretty well. Sound quality is not the best but still decent. Main problem I have is the USB connection is abit faulty, I sometimes get crackly audio and have to unplug the USB then plug it back in to solve it. The software needed to have surround sound (ICUE) is buggy, not responding, crashing etc. (Edit) I contacted support and I got a replacement headset within a day, great customer service and the new headset works perfectly.
Since i bought these headphones almost a year ago i never been happier with this choice. Most of the time now i prefer to use these over my 7.1 surround sound system, because it creates a more close and ambient experience.
Bought for my husband, I love them.  No more deafening sound tracks from games.  Noise cancelling must be good as he doesnt hear me when I come to talk to him!  He even speaks to other players online now!
These are great and comfortable. My friends on Xbox say that my voice comes across really clear.
Its cool
All good, what ive expected
Bought for Gaming PC - Great Headset :-)
Ive had a couple headsets before but this is definetly the best! Sound quality is amazing, its very comfortable and its easy to set up. It lasts quite long with one charge. I can definitely recommend, best buy in years!
before we go into the my review i need to point out Ive owned numerous headsets from logi, HyprX, turtle beach over the years, so far i owned 3 Logitech (all broke), 1 Hyper-X (not ergonomic for me), 3 Turtle beach (wire gave up), but so far this is the best flipping headset Ive seen, felt, and wore in a long time. firstly the built quality is absolutely amazing, from the moment i pulled it out the box, and put it on my head although the weight at first was quiet a bit off putting but Ive wore this headset for about 6 hours in a row so far with limited breaks (mainly toilet and water breaks) and i have not taken the weight into account at all, i believe that it is extremely well distributed around the headset AND FOR ONCE i dont have to amputate my leg just to hide the pain i get from taking off the headset as others in the past were just so uncomfortable to wear so when youd take it off it would leave behind an excruciating pain but this one HELL NO it is perfectly built. The sound quality honestly blew me away... the base, the voice clarity and also how versatile this headset is while using the iCUE settings. Versatility is a BIG yes on this one. I can play my games like, R6S, Hell Let Loose, Post Scriptum, BF 1, Stellaris, MOWAS2, SW BF 2, PUBG, cheeki bit of fortnite, League of legends etc... it is also amazing to listen to music in it. i will be updating this review within the next 3-4 weeks and so on and on for you people.
This headset is perfect, comfortable, stylish, great sound and the battery is brilliant to start. I do need to justify my comment on the battery, I use this headset for at least 10 hours a day and when I first got it the battery at its best did 15-16 hours on a single charge, now I find myself putting it on charge when I take short breaks just to get them to last 10 hours. Ive had them about 4 months now and still look and feel as good as when I bought them
Perfect for gaming
Im happy with the headset, The audio quality is good and the mic quality is ok but the bigest problem is with the software which tends to freeze and sometimes even crash
Its a very good headset, but even at the smallest setting its lose in my head. So be careful, I used to use Razor headset and it fit perfectly well. Sound quality is awesome but audio levels are a bit low. With my Razor it was impossible for me to put 100% audio as it was extremely high, with this one 100% is just not enough in some games.
Nice easy to use product thats multiplatform an not to super expensive an a plus it supports surround sound
Great headset I thought they felt too loose on my head at first but you get used to it and it makes all other normal earphones feel constraining. These let your ears breathe and can still be worn with glasses. Flipping up the mic to mute is very handy. Battery isnt great but good enough. Can always just plug them in to charge whilst using. I dont like the corsair software its bulky and annoying but oh well. Sometimes I find the headset not automatically pairing when I turn it on. But I just turn it off and on and wait a few seconds and eventually it connects. Range is OK, can still hear in the next room and further and it starts cutting out.
I love this head set. Its great for gaming. The only thing Ive had is sometimes theres a weird buzzing sound. It muxh just be my product, and it doesnt happen very often, but everything else I love. The mic is slightly bendable which is nice if you want to have it a little bit further away from your mouth. I LOVE the mic mute button. It also lights up red on the mic its self to remind you its muted. Its a lot easier than tabbing in and out of game everytime you need to mute. You can jusy raise your hand and poke the button. Im really happy with this, and the only issue is the occasional buzzing, but that isnt much of an issue!
These are the only headphones ive ever been able to use for more than 3 hours strait. Sound is crisp, clear and rich. The only downside is they slip and slide alittle but usually this is not an issue. Apart from that these are perfection!
Best headset on the market.
Glad I purchased these. Way better sound quality for gaming compared to my old headset. Battery life is also pretty good and great rgb colours. Highly recommend
Solid headset overall.
My wife loves them
very good
Great stuff
Fantastic headset. I got this to replace an old SteelSeries Siberia, I briefly had the Hyper X cloud II but had mic issues which I couldn’t resolve. I use this mainly on discord and the mic and sound quality is fantastic, it looks great and is comfy to wear for long sessions. I wasn’t fussed about the wireless aspect but now I’ve been using it for a couple of months it’s such a quality of life improvement. Great headset, can’t recommend enough.
Good
The best headset off my life !
As a passionate lover of corsair products, I was instantly drawn too these headphones! Packaging was sleek and premium sparring no expense, to protect the product giving peace of mind. The headphones themselves were built well allot lighter, than my previous Razer headphones, however the sound quality was on par with them. Both being 7.1 though I wasnt expecting a huge change, this said changing the Eq presents on the fly was very usefull, including having no wires to worry about spilling drinks!
Best headset I have brought
Works quite wel, not really suitable for my small head though. They are used by the husband though and he find hem confortable and easy to use. Good quality sound, battery life quite good and you can use them whilst charging as well.
Very nice headset, good looking, rgb lighting is customisable and nice looking. However, sometimes it plays a ringing sound in the left ear, when audio is on, and the higher your mic feedback is, it starts to make a crackling sound, but no one uses the mic feedback at full anyway. Also it is very easy to skip off of your head, so when I move my head around, it can sometimes go half off my head, but it would never fall off completely.
good quality headset for gaming
excellent
Very good also as a set x3 stand, headset, mouse pad completely worth it. Headset and stand plug and play with ps4 Pro also
The best thing about these is that they are wireless, there is no delay as well. the feel of the headphones is nice to have they a metal part on the side that makes it heavy and premium feel to it. The sound quality is brilliant, only downside is that people have said that the mic on the headset does not sound good
bought as gift.. used every day for hours at a time.... working well
I really like the sound quality from these headphones, everything sounds superb with them on. Super comfy too. But I would caution anyone with a smaller than average head to avoid this headset. I have them set to the tightest setting and they are still a bit loose and my head is on the  larger end of the spectrum! The other minor quibble is that they leak noise to other people in the room quite badly - it was remarked upon almost straight away compared to my other headset (Sony Wireless PS4 2.0). But other than that, a great headset which should last me a long time!
Doesnt grab your head like the claw from toy story. Just sits on nicely getting the premium surround sound quality. Note before you buy that this isn’t the one with lights! I made this mistake.
i had the void pro usb wired, but i kept catching the wire and even broke the usb plug, so i brought these instead.  the sound quality is different to the wired version, but it is much better for gaming.  battery life seems to be about 8 hours but if you are caught out by a low battery you can just plug in the included micro usb cable and carry on using them. the micro usb cable is a decent length.
The headset is amazing for wearing if you game for long periods of time the sound quality is amazing and very well built 10/10
Have them for few months now,still working perfect and durability its fine as well,dog got to them,theyre still in perfect order.
Perfect sound
Got this for PC gaming, to use both for Discord and for in game sounds. Connected by USB and launched the icue software, was very easy to setup. It does the job well for the price. Something to note: when using the surround sound feature your voice and other peoples voices will come across echoey over comms, just disable (revert to stereo) in icue and everything is fine
Bought these for my grandson. He loves them. Perfect for his gaming. Very good price and quality.
The headset is really good quality, sadly it doesnt cancel sound going outwards so anybody in the room can hear what Im listening to, other than that its great.
I bought these for my 16yr old lad, he can come down 2 flights of stairs and still listen to them, he loves them
There is no doubt about it that the headset has great audio drivers and givers an incredible immersive sound for whatever you use these dor; music, videos, films and games. The microphone for other people, is not great but to be expected from a wireless "gamign" headset. You may find the fit loose and may want to slide off your head, but after a while I have grown used to it. Would recommend, based on price on performance.
A LOOS FIT round the head
These headphones are seriously comfy, and have very good sound quality.  The build is sturdy, they feel very well made. Wouldnt expect anything less from Corsair
Really happy with them as you can’t buy a cheaper wireless headset then the 80 I paid for them .
Brilliant headset.
Very good
Love it
Solid Product and awesome sound and very clear microphone.. Ideal for streaming and online gaming but some audiophiles might not like the software that comes with them.
This headset is absolutely amazing, especially if you get it at a discount, I got mine for 79.99. If you are thinking about buying this then I hope I save you some money by saying, WAIT FOR A PRICE DROP! Dont pay anymore than 90 for this headset as discounts happen very regularly. Ok, now Ill tell you my use case for this product as its very different than most other people buying this, Im a video editor so I need to have neutral and accurate sound. This headset can do that! Even when I walk to the living room the headset quality is great and hasnt changed in gain or eq. Another great feature of this headset is the application it comes with that was weirdly hard to find, Im guessing thats a search engine fault though, and not corsairs. It comes with eq adjust (witch you have to do if you want to get neutral sound) and its very easy to change. The headset is also very comfortable and adjustable enough for almost any person, but thats where the pros end and the cons start. The software, thought nice looking, is hard to navigate and change (apart from eq settings) lighting is a hassle to get right without knowing the exact rgb channels your looking for and the light on the mic is unchangeable, always staying red. When I first picked up the product it felt plasticy, and thats because it is. It is good quality plastic, but still plastic (That is apart from the moving parts , theyre metal and very good to the hand). Battery life isnt impressive either, at about 8hrs (obviously you can get more if you turn the lighting effects off or dim them slightly) And now the most annoying thing, though useful, is the assistant, or voice. What this is, is whenever you turn your mic on or off, turn surround sound on or anything like that this voice says "mic on", "mic off" or "surround on" Its built into the headset and not the software, so obs, or recording softwares wont pick it up, but still. I think its unnecessary and annoying. A little beep would have been enough or at least being able to turn it off would be amazing! So, overall I would recommend this product to pretty much anyone who isnt travelling, as the wireless adaptor is really big and is annoying to carry, Its comfortable and the eq settings will make even some audiophiles happy. If this headset lost some small inconveniences and the software was better it would be perfect and i would happily pay 150 for the headset. And yes if your a parent reading this and thinking "this is way too much money, why does my son/daughter want this?" I would tell you to do your research and maybe find something cheaper. But if you want something that will last the test of time this headset is pretty cheap for what you get (if you get it under 90). So, just buy this headset if you price rage is from 80 - 120 and your not thinking about travelling with it... 9/10 EDIT: Left earpiece stopped working after less than a fortnight, they delivered a replacement really quickly but I wont rate it 5 because of it...
I have been using this for over 6 months now and it has proved to be a really good purchase. Sound quality : Really good, I use the headphones a lot to listen to music and Ive never heard any distortion, the low and high frequencies are apparent, I cant moan really Comfort : I need to wear glasses so large headphones can cause me discomfort in a short time, however I can wear these headphones for hours while wearing my glasses without fear for them being damaged, Perfect! If I had a niggle it would be that if I rock back in my chair the headphones can move, due to the weight I think, but i guess that is the price for having long life batteries in them Microphone :  Difficult to comment here as I havent really used them in anger, what I have noticed though is that the quality largely depends on the applications you use, e.g. using Discord gives you good consistent quality, Battle net will turn you into a Darlek if you raise your voice. Battery Life : Good, Batteries last a long time (5 hours I think) but not  as long as the box says they will.  The other thing is that it takes an age to fully charge them, and recommends that once charged the cable should be disconnected promptly afterwards (probably to preserve the overall life of the battery).  However the charge indicator light is effectively underneath the headphones if you use the stand which makes it awkward to check and to be realistic you are likely to charge them over night which could mean overcharging them for several hours if youre like me.  Make sure you have a USB-3 charger/hub to charge these with as it will dramatically reduce the charge time.  Trust me, a standard USB charger will take 24+ hours to charge them up.  I nearly sent them back when I first got them because it took 3 days to initially top them up.  However, on the plus side, you can use them while they are charging and the cable is unobtrusive and long Niggles : Because the headphones are bluetooth, you have to go through the Windows system settings to change the default audio output device.  This is really annoying and on older OSs has a tenancy to be either buried or inaccessible.  It would be really useful if Corsair built a menu option in there quick access app to allow changing of the default Audio output, otherwise download "Audio Switch" which isnt perfect but helps a lot Pros: * Great sound quality * Great comfort (even with glasses) * Great battery life * Microphone is convenient, (quality depends on software used) Cons: * Battery charging time, Invest in a USB-3 charger/hub (seriously) * Can slide of your head if you tilt your head * Switching between speakers and headphone use though windows
I have never purchased an Expensive pair of headphones before, i think the most i have spent is probably around 25/30 , but i thought i would go for it and did some research and these came up. I have never purchased a corsair product before either, and i must say, i am incredibly impressed. I have never used a wireless headset either, but im not sure ill be ever to go back to being wired every again. I will list each of the features below and my experience. I game on a PC, so i have no experience with using these on console. Packaging: Really nice looking box, well packaged. Everything was nicely wrapped up. However there was a slight scuff on the top of the headset, but i just wiped it down. It could have been caused by me when i pulled it out the box. In the Box, was a USB Stick, A charging cable, and a Mic cover and obviously the headset. The Headset itself: It sits quite strangely on your head, you kind of have to lean them forward. It fits very nicely and is adjustable so fits many heads comfortably. The Mic is quite long but is bendable so you can angle it how you like. (More on the Mic Later). It is quite heavy, but not too heavy and after a while you wont notice it. All in all it is VERY comfortable. After hours of use you wont even notice it on your head or around your ears. It has a volume slider on the left side, and then a power button (which you have to hold for 3ish seconds to turn on and off) and a mute button. When the mic is muted, there is a red light at the end so you can see when it is muted. A cool feature is that if you raise the mic up, it will auto mute. The Sound: This is the meat! I am sooo Impressed with the sound with this. When youre playing a game like battlefield the sound effects are just incredible. If an explosion happens behind you the virtual surround makes it sound like it really was behind you. I have no idea how this works, but it is incredible. I havent yet used this for any movies, etc. Just for gaming. The Mic: So, this is where i justify the 4 stars... As far as im aware, my friends said i sound better than with my previous Headset, clearer and crisper. However, the way the mic is positions means it picks up my breath (and i am a very light breather!). The only way around this, was to raise the Mic above my nose, which while not that big of a problem, was an inconvenience. Battery Life: I have used this so far for a total of about 6 hours, and it hasnt yet run out of battery. So i will update on this once i have a better idea of times. I have only owned this headset for a week. So if i encounter any major issues i will update.
I really love this headset!  My last headset was the turtle beach x12 and I literally had them for 10 years.  They were starting to get abit decrepit and I really wanted to go wireless.  So after looking at reviews I decided to buy the Corsair Void Pro headset.  I will be honest I already have a Corsair strafe cherry mx silent keyboard so having the ability to sync up the rgb definitely influenced my decision (and it works really well!). On to the headset!  The sound quality is good, particularly for gaming as you feel the surround in a wider area than say the ps4 gold headset.  I noticed a big improvement there straight away.  The volume is also decent, I can keep mine around 10-15 and that is perfectly fine for me (obviously you can go much louder).  The bass is not powerful though so if you are after music earphones then you will get clear sound quality but not very heavy bass.  One nice touch is there is a volume rocker on the headset, it works really well and if you have Spotify open it will have a small overlay when you use the volume rocker.  Meaning if you want to change your song all you need to do is use the volume rocker and change the song from the overlay.  Very useful IMO! The lighting is nice, if you have it on a stand or something its bright enough to show off but not bright enough to feel like you are wearing a disco ball.  Also its corsair so the customisation is great!  Anyone who wants to see can download the free software and it demonstrates what the software can do to the different peripherals.  I personally have it synchronised to my keyboard shifting colours, I think it looks great!  If you have the stand you can flatten the cups to be flush with the headband and front facing, I imagine that would make a nice display piece. The headset feels as though it is built well and is very comfortable to wear.  Im not someone who games for entire days but for longer periods I have used them for I have had no discomfort whatsoever.  I also like the fact you can mute/unmute the mic just by lifting it up or down.  Mega useful if you are eating or drinking and you dont want the world to hear your gross crunchy/chewy/slurpy noises!  If you mute the mic manually or turn the voice feedback off (by holding mic mute button) it will tell you via a voice.  It will do the same if you unmute or turn the feedback on and also if your battery is low, charging or full. All in all I am very happy with it and it feels like a premium quality headset for the price.  I have tried to be as thorough as possible in my review!  My ONLY negative at the moment is there is a glitch in corsairs software where sometimes you will turn the mic on and you cant hear any voice feedback.  To fix this just mute and unmute the feedback (by holding the mute button).  Its a little niggle but I am hoping corsair will fix it soon! I hope my review has helped, if I see any questions not answered in my review I will try to help!
Amazing headset only problem is that the software doesnt seem to be working right now
First of all, although I gave this 5 stars this headset does have some flaws (its more like a 4.7 / 4.8). All you really need to know is that the audio is of a really good quality and the microphone is just as good, I have no complaints for the audio and haven’t recovered any from the microphone (just people noting the increased clarity). The styling of this headset is in the same boat, though this is a personal opinion I really like the design and colour scheme (Black/Yellow), they fit comfortably around the ears and are good at reducing outside interference, the microphone mutes itself when raised which is really useful while in use as pressing the button when wearing these can be awkward. The only real issue I have had with this is the weight, this headset feels heavy when I wear them, though it should be noted I don’t generally wear headsets and after about a week I don’t really notice the weight. Overall this is a really good headset, if you like the style you can’t go wrong with a pair of these.
Amazing price, fantastic gaming headset. Came quickly.
The quality of the sound is incredibly good yet the mic quality is slightly lacking still would suggest getting it and looking for fixes on the internet for the mic then it improves the quality
great sound awesome mic perfect for gaming couldnt be happier corsair never let me down
Happy with purchase.
it was perfect came and really does sound good when you listen to music whilst playing , amazing comfort
Fantastic sound quality and very nice finish. Ive spent a ridiculous amount of money on headphones over the years and was really surprised at the quality of these. They are also incredibly comfortable for extended gaming.
perfect gaming experience, surround sound is great 10/10 and the mic is 9/10 without the filter on it but it comes with one so 10/10 with on
Overall sound quality is amazing. Bass isnt too overpowering and with 7.1 Dolby surround you can hear every movement and every minute sound.
Work fine, although after a while the pressure on the top of my ears is a bit much when I am wearing my glasses.
Beautiful surround sound which definitely gives you an advantage when playing games, and makes your songs sound even better. One small issue (which is easily resolved) is that once the software is installed on your computer it will speak to you via the headphones to let you know when your mic is on or off, turning on and powering off. Initially it was telling me that it was powering off every 5 minutes (despite having charge and not pressing the power button) but this was remedied through the software by disabling the notification. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a comfy pair of headphones that you can wear for hours on end.
OK but not amazing for the price, clear speech, would get wireless ones next as cables are a pain...
Good sound quality and battery life, just not 100% sure if no wires is worth the hassle?
As a gaming headset they provide good sound and they feel nice. But I found them to not form a tight enough seal round my ears to make the sound better. And on console the mic is soo sensitive to any voices around you. Personally the Steelseries Arctis 3 and HyperX Cloud Alpha provide slightly better sound and are more suitable for console use.
This is a solid pair of headphones. Great build, great wireless capability, awesome features and software. Nicely done 7,1 implementation. Loud. One thing to worry about is quite loose head grip... However, if you are a Bass lover and a head crushing fan - they do not perform on a level some other headphones I tried do. Its not like they dont hit - they do - but not as strong as headphones like SkullCandy Crushers.
Nice headset. Battery life is a bit meh. But all around it’s a good headset. Satisfied
Great headset overall, sound is great, for comfort they are light and cushioned but they do slip off quite easy, the range is impressive to say the least and will happily let me go downstairs without the signal cutting out, overall very impressive and a improvement on the last void headset, one thing tho is that the batteries in it dont last long and will go for around 12 hours in my experience
Having used a wireless headset since forever I have been contemplating a wireless for some time.  My last experience of a wireless headset back in the 90s wasnt positive with frequent noise issues, poor battery life and abysmal range. After watching numerous youtube videos and online reviews and feedback from gaming communities I finally decided upon the Corsair void pro. The headset is a nice snug fit, I use it on the smallest setting and it is only every so slightly loose but I only notice that when I am using it with the VR, if I am sat down playing it is fine.  The microphone is clear, people on discord instantly noticed a difference and moving away from a 3.5mm mic I removed nearly all interference. Battery life is easily around 20 hours, but I am sure this will deteriorate over the years as any rechargeable battery does.  The headset has some nice features like auto mute when you life the mic up, or if you have the software installed it gives you verbal feedback such as "battery low" or "microphone muted" so is not essentially but still handy. The only useless feature with the headset is the added RGB, but seeing as this is all the craze at the moment even though it is absolutely pointless and ridiculous on a headset, luckily it can be turn off via the software to save on the battery. Headset feature a volume control, power off and a mute microphone (which is silly when it auto mutes when you raise the microphone).  Buttons are easily located without too much thumbling around. Sound quality is to be expected at this price point, a decent max volume, good bases nothing to shout home about but good none the less.  A highly recommended headset for any PC game (I think it also work on the PS4 aswell though I dont think the volume controls work?)
Does the job, little loose.
Very good quality headphones, currently switched from a  based razer setup to a Corsair one and have no intention of ever going back. Very reliable, strong build and excellent quality with fantastic software to support the products.
Decent set of headphones without wires? Yes please!
look good and are very comfortable sound good but could sound better and the mic is ok for chatting to friends but dose sound a bit tinny
Amazing headset, unbeatable.
great headset, expensive but you pay for what you get. Great sound quality & really long battery life。
would recommend love them and they talk to you :D
Fantastic surround sound quality. Feel like Im there in the game.
Had many headsets. And cables have always been a problem. These are the best quality both input and output Ive ever had. And no wire to get destroyed (as long as they charged while in use)
I love these things, ever since I got my k70 keyboard I have since replaced my mouse and headphones  with corsair, the sound and build quality is amazing on them too. if you are a gamer you NEED these!
best headset ive ever bought. might be a bit on the heavy side ,mic clear no problems with it.
brilliant
Comfortable adjustable headset. I like the ear pads a lot. Feels premium on the headband metal. This mic has side tone which can be adjusted so you can hear your voice correctly.
Its pretty hard to find a gaming headset that doesnt have that "gamer" look. You know, whacky detailed black shapes with red LEDs everywhere. Trying to find one that is wireless as well is even harder. But here they are. And theyre pretty sweet.
They are really comfortable to wear for long periods, sitting perfectly around my ears, padded nicely across the top band and they sound amazing. While gaming I can hear exactly where the enemy players are coming from. The sound is crystal clear. I wasnt sure if spending more money on a considerably more expensive set would be worth it but compared to other cheaper brands although you can tell they are going to last longer because the build quality is much more superior. You can change the light colour to anything you want. I havent heard myself through the mic but I hope its clear so I cant really say much on that but it sits far enough away from your face to not be an annoyance. I could understand if people said it was too big for their head, I have it on the smallest fitting which fits perfectly for me. Love them and hope I dont need to buy any more for a long time.
Very good, does exactly what it says it should do.
Love this headset well worth the money, apart from the misleading tech data regarding needs batterys must be for a different model. Anyway fingers crossed hope theyre durable and last a while. Oh and theirs "NO HISS" cool!
Had this headset for a couple of months now. It is very comfortable for 5+ hours of continuous use and the surround sound has helped a lot in game. Microphone sound quality is good. Overall a great headset for the price
Does the Job, great although occasionally seems to slip of my head
Great headset, previously using the Creative Fatality headset this was a big step up for me but I did try pretty much every brand in this price range and Corsair was the one that stood out the most to me, I wish they closed up tighter on my head but other than that it’s great, perfect for gaming and music, Battlefield 1 sounds incredible when using the 7.1 surround and the wireless range is good
Absolutely wicked - better than expected.
great headset so far, the software control is good, and there very comfortable. had them a month or so now.
Greatly appreciated Xmas gift
Excellent, the gift was very well received
Mother of pearl, this headset. Start with the problems, theyre a little loose. Oh well, theyre not so loose its an issue at all, theyre super comfy and fit wonderful, but if you sneeze hard they will slip. Thats it. The sound quality is immaculate, for the price I expected so much worse. The mic is clear as a bell. Its so comfy and it can go to incredibly loud levels comfortably too. The range is impressive even without the extender. It looks n feels stylish n lovely. Its lots of metal rather than plastic, improving the feel. Its rather light though I havent worn for 8 hours straight yet to give it a real test. The customization is fantastic too. Buy it, no regrets, enjoy.
really comfortableand good sound
These have been tested by the gamer in the family. Overall, comfort, sound and the capability to tweak and customise these to your own requirements were great pros for these headphones.  The mic quality has been questioned by other reviewers but there have been no complaints from others for this gamer.  Its the 7.1 Dolby surround sound thats the big draw for these and the fact that they can be worn for a long time with no discomfort.
great sound and comfortable to wear
Just right
This is a decent pair of gaming headphones at a reasonable price.  They are comfortable on the ears (they have memory foam). The microphone quality is fine. The sound quality is good considering the price.
Cannot be faulted what so ever, incredible build quality, can be pulled, stretched, turned, no matter what, no cracking, no sounds and no damage made to the build of the headset, 100% durable. The sound quality for a 70 - 100 headset, is perfect, couldnt wish for a better quality of sound in this price range; would recommend it to anyone who wants a good quality headset at a reasonable price.
Brilliant headset, well worth the money. Very light considering the size which led me to think they would be a bit fragile, but they are very well built. The ear cups are breathable fabric which make a lot of difference during long sessions, however the size of the headset means that it feels as if it could fall off your head at any moment (but it hasnt yet). The microphone is not the greatest Ive ever used, but it is more than functional and is definately not a component that spoils the whole package. I also use a microphone wired to my sound card so this isnt any kind of issue, although admittedly Im not an audiophile in any sense of the word. Overall, a worthy purchase!
Very comfortable headset even for the spectacle wearer. Not keen on the mic and also not keen on the quality of voice it records either. Surround sound does a proper good job for a pair of cans which other headsets don’t seem to be able to replicate this derailed level of surround sound. Cable length is good and of good quality that doesn’t get too tangled like some rubber coated sorts do. I’ll be recommending these to a few gamers in my group as I’m that impressed. A five star would’ve come with a little more refinement!
Works perfectly, great sound very comfortable and very well made. The software is easy to use and the microphone is good quality for the price.
comfortable and light weight with good enough sound quality for midnight gaming or just to listen to a movie or music. Battery life is good. Got these as an upgrade from the vengeance s2000 and apart from forgetting how to adjust volume ... I think these are better quality for playback and record.
Really like these. I just use them in my business for calls. The only gripe I have is that they are a bit big and if I shake my head, they slip. I dont have a particularly small head. This could be a problem if you want to move around in them or look down etc...
Very pleased with these, I originally bought the Logitech g633 wired headset but after seeing that this one was the same price, immediately returned those to get these. These are very comfortable, can game for hours. Mic quality is pretty good but obviously nothing compared to a boom mic or something.
Good audio and mic quality. The fact it is wireless makes it easier, as you dont have cable problems (which is what broke my two previous headsets). However the battery is a bit too short in my opinion (around 4-5h).
Battery life is about 14 hours if you have the RGB turned off. Connectivity range is good. Sound quality is good but not amazing, louder noises drown out footsteps. Mic is a little tinny
I have my pc set up in a way that I can play games while at my desk, and then easily play in bed on my 43inch tv. This headset was my solution to being able to use discord without having to buy an extention cable for my hyperx cloud 2s. The sound for these headset is pretty decent. Im not an audiophile, but I would notice the quality of sound and this headset is very good quality. he bass is good, the highs and mids are accurate and there is no hiss which I really appreciate it. The build quality of the headset is quite good. The headset is mostly metal and hard plastic construction, but it doesnt feel flimsy or easily bendable. The buttons feel good and are positioned well. The only gripes I have is the fact that the top of the headband is more forward than I would like, and the headset is a bit heavier than I would like, but theyre personal. The software for the headset is okay. There isnt much to it. Mostly just consisting of volume settings and RGB settings. This heaset also features side tone, which was a very important feature for me. Would I recommend this headset? Yes definitely. It does the job really well. the build quality is great, the sound quality is above average and the features are useful.
This headset plays fantastic sound and the microphone is great too.  The padded inside makes this headset very comfy as well.  The only let down is the size.  This headset is so huge, it will fall off my average sized head if I tilt it too far even on the tightest setting.
great product.
Put these Corsair USB Dolby headphones on and quite by accident  I glanced in a nearby mirror. Blimey, a boom box on each ear I thought? Joking apart, I am pretty impressed with these Corsair Eu Void Pro RGB, USB headphones for their absolute clarity of sound and the way they shut out outside sound and interference to leave an almost pure sound Construction seems hardy and materials used seem to be first class.The headset is well balanced and remains comfortable after several hours of constant use.Microfiber Mesh and Viscoelastic Foam form the basis for the long lasting comfort of each headphone. The headphone is true Dolby 7.1 surround sound which brings games almost to life. The Corsair Void Pro RGB is neatly rounded off with a passive noise cancelling microphone which reduces background noise to a minimum! I am no expert on headphones or gaming but my son, who is, ran through a couple of his games for me and the ability of the Void Pro to pick up and amplify the most obscure background sounds and noises is impressive and can give you clues to the game you are playing that other headphones might well miss! Price on Amazon is about 85, a tenner less than the RRP, which I reckon is fairly fair for what you are getting. As I have nothing to compare the Eu Void USB Dolby Headphones with I feel I can only give them four stars although I do feel deep down within me that they are probably worth five stars!
When you get a set of PC headphones there are only really two things you need to ask. The first is whats the sound quality like. The second is are they comfortable. Ill answer both of these shortly. My main reason for getting these headphones is that they connect via USB, I already have a really good set that us an analog connection, but I was interested to see the difference with a digital connection. There is also no inline control of volume/mute on these, there as however controls on the left headset which after a bit of trial and error are easy enough to use. So sound quality - they are really pretty good. Now they are obviously meant for PC gaming, so the 7.1 sound sound is a bonus. Install the Corsair Utility Engine, configure the Dolby settings, change the graphic equalizer to better suit your taste and away you go - you can even control mute and sidetone (where you can hear yourself when you are talking online to other clan mates). They are not going to give you the greatest audio quality, but its pretty good! Speech quality is great. As to comfort - they are really comfortable. Today I wore them from 9am until 5pm (I took them off at lunch time, but pretty much I wore them all day) to deliver an online training course. They were comfortable and didnt get too hot. All the padding is memory foam, there appears to be enough ventilation into the ears and they are easy to adjust. Comfortable, decent sound, digital connection - whats not to like!
In a word --> WOW ! I use these on my laptop to just listen to music on Spotify and they sound amazing, a really nice bass punch to them but also well made enough to just sound great. Have tested with Zoom as well for conferencing and the microphone works perfectly. Impressed and would recommend.
Light, comfortable headphones.  Excellent sound qualify both in the headphones and the mike, easy to wear for extended periods and didnt make my ears feel hot!  They look pretty smart as well with a fairly minimalistic style. I was pleasantly surprised by how good these headphones were.
This has many of the features you would expect for an RGB headset at this price. The head band and ear cups are covered in memory foam and cloth. This headset is very comfortable to wear and the ear cups can be rotated so they sit flat on the upper chest when taken off. The headband can be adjusted to what seems like an excessive size. The microphone is adequate for a headset at this price point, just dont bother with it when recording. The 7.1 Dolby Surround sound immerses the player in their game and greatly aids perception. It is particularly beneficial in open world and online multiplayer games. It must be said that the RGB lighting on the side of the ear cups does reduce battery life. This may be an unnecessary gimmick. This is a recommended headset for the dedicated gamer.
One of the most comfortable headsets Ive ever worn with sound that is almost as good as my music headphones. The microphone is crystal clear on both Discord and Teamspeak. The build is sturdy and the ear cuffs sit flat when you sling it round your neck. The mic mute is a handy easy to find button on the left ear, as is the volume control. Really simple to use. They do cut out a bit of background noise, but they arent noise cancelling. Ive been using these in Guild Wars 2 - not the most competitive of games, I know, but one where sound clues are subtly important. They produce a really good approximation of where the sound is in relation to your character on screen. Ive worn them for gaming every day for a week now and the comfort doesnt change with long use, nor do they make my ears sweaty. The connection is USB and the cable is fixed. That is the only minus points this headset gets, and it isnt enough to knock off a star. They are a little loose on the head, but dont come off from a vigorous headshake. Overall these are good for the price point. The logo on the ears colour cycles in the default mode and looks a little daft - but these look the least nerdy of all my gaming headsets as they are plain, smart, black apart from that logo. I really like them and they are now my main gaming headset.
Very good quality, sturdy built and fantastic fitting headphones . Im not a techie person but these are very robust, but exceptionally comfortable headphones . Nice fit, with adjustable microphone that delivers a clear sound. Headphones deliver wonderful sound quality and are so sealed around your ears you dont have any external noise interference. Unlike previously headphones I have had they dont make my ears feel clammy or sore after wearing . I believe you can get a special adapor for using with consoles but unsure of the cost  . Very good price on Amazon at present and I feel a great set of high quality headphones to purchase .
Bought this around a week ago now. Its an excellent headset. This is the 2017 version with the upgraded mic. The headset itself is made from a high quality plastic and metal frame, around the ears and head band there is a perforated foam which s extremely comfortable. Located on the left ear cup is also a mute button for the mic. Sound quality is very good for the headset although it does lack some low end bass during scenes with explosions, in the detailed sections of audio is where the headset really stands out, YouCan here with pin point accuracy where an enemy is located. Overall Im very pleased with the headset and would definitely recommend.
Ok in all parts... 12-10 hours battery life... Mic is good but it change your voice...
Over the ear headphones can become uncomfortable over extended periods, but these Corsairs are light, have very large ear cups and superb memory-foam enhanced padding, making them very comfortable. Sound quality is very good for all uses, from gaming to music to Skype calling. Im afraid I simply hate the notion of 7.1 sound if there arent 7 speakers and a subwoofer involved - its marketing nonsense which indicates software manipulation - it never works, and it doesnt work here, but I suspect you arent daft enough to believe it will. The phones do create a large soundstage and provide good sound isolation, so you are well immersed. when not in use, the cups swivel around so the headset sits comfortably around your neck - a nice feature. Overall, a really good gaming headset.
The sound is great mic is good, I dont personally use the 7.1 functionality but it is a great headset for the price
I have been using these for a while now and theyre awesome. If youre not too bothered about wireless then skip that entirely and go for wired. Its really just a gimmick when youre sitting still and gaming. However, overall Im very pleased with them. A few notes for people looking to buy: Battery life is lower than what they state but thats the same with pretty much all battery operated products. However, the battery life is way better than my previous wireless headphones. With the lights on and at full brightness, youre looking at less than 8 hours. Without the lights, youll get 12 hours+. You can charge them overnight or every other day depending on how long you use them for. Sound quality is awesome. I havent experienced headphones with full surround sound before and it was actually disorienting. While watching Netflix I found myself turning around or pausing to wonder where the hell that noise came from. This is also togglable which is just fantastic. The software that comes with the headphones provides sufficient functionality but can be buggy. Ive found this to be true with a lot of software provided by companies such as corsair, logitec, etc. The headset is also sound canceling which again was better than Im used to. As I dont live alone I can now game in bliss or watch movies without being disturbed. Mic quality is normal. Its better than the cheap headsets you can get but its not professional mic quality by no means. However, its more than adequate for the use cases of the product so its not a bad thing. Youll be heard clearly and the software provides sidetone which due to the sound canceling nature of the headset is pretty much required to avoid shouting. The headset also mutes the mic when you put the mic up. Thats just fantastic. My only gripe with this is that it would be nice to keep sidetone activated while the headset mutes the mic as the sound canceling causes these conversations to sound as if Im slightly deaf. Packaging was really nice, and the shipping was super quick. In the box, i received the headset, the charging cable (Which was very long, thank you corsair), and the dongle dock thing which can also be used as a phone stand. Very useful used alongside logitecs arx app. The build quality of the headset is leagues above my previous headset which was similar in price and wireless. The turtle beach px3 (99). This is sturdy and has metal arms holding the cups to your head. The buttons on the headset are nice and clicky too. The mic arm though flexible is stiff enough to feel hard to break Its comfortable. The memory foam head cushion is surprisingly springy and comfortably holds the headset on your head. Its fully adjustable too, I have it on the smallest because I like it tight. What Ive found in the past with headsets is that while wearing glasses they can become very uncomfortable over long periods of time. Ive never had the issue with this.The ear pads are big enough and comfortable too theres enough space for your ears to sit in their natural position as squishing them would cause a lot of discomforts over long gaming sessions. If youre looking for a high-quality headset from a trusted brand and you dont mind paying a little extra for the gamer gimmicks then look no further. Corsair did a fantastic job designing this product down the littlest of details. A solid headset that has made a huge difference to how I watch movies and play vidya.
I have owned this headset for about 2 weeks now... Pros: -Great surround sound, in CSGO it almost equates to wall hacks, you hear your enemies positions in games -Nice RGB touch on each ear cup, looks great in photos and especially darkness -Corsair link program that is required for this is very customisable for both lighting effects and EQ settings -For EQ it has several preset profiles and if youre experienced you can also create countless profiles of your own. -MIC LED indicator is also pretty helpful because sometimes if your in a conversation on discord and you need to blow your nose or something you click the button on your left ear cup to disable mic and sometimes you forget to enable it again, but the red LED reminds you to so you dont have to worry about forgetting -MIC quality is really high some people in games had mistaken me for a you-tuber for good quality MIC -The headset as a whole is light but sturdy with comfortable foam pads which creates a great wearing experience -MIC adjustment is great but might seem scary at first as it seems you might snap it off but to my surprise it was really flexible and stayed in the positions I set it to -The dial for volume control is very convenient as when you accidentally click on one of them ear-rape troll videos you throw your had under your left ear cup to quickly adjust the volume instead of reaching to some buttons on your keyboard or volume app with your mouse Cons: -Your MIC can be pretty quiet in some low quality apps without automatic MIC volume adjustment such as steam chat even if your turn your settings to max, if you use those you probably will need to install a 3rd party MIC control app to boost your intake volume extra. However most programs have this issue sorted (at least the ones I use) so I didnt require 3rd party apps -The "DOLBY SURROUND" is pretty useless unless you want a unrealistic, dramatic echo to everything you hear. I keep it disabled. Dont get me wrong: just because you dot use the Dolby surround it doesnt mean you dont have surround at all. You still have surround. -This headset cannot connect to Bluetooth or audio jack meaning you cant use it with your phone and that it is PC only Overall there are a couple inconveniences but in my opinion the pros outweigh the cons. It might be different for you as it depends on how you are planning to use this headset. Good value for money
Love this headset, had been a bit concerned by the slight second description but it’s great
Amazing
