I currently own several variations of Anker’s SoundBud range, each of which get regular use depending on the task I am throwing at them such as hitting the gym or just relaxing in the garden. Anker have now expanded their SoundBud range further with the introduction of two neck-band style headsets, the sport oriented ‘Lite’ and professional aimed ‘Life’ models. In the box SoundBuds Life neckband Micro USB charging cable XS/S/M/L Earbud tips Cloth storage pouch Instruction manual and warranty card Build and Features Key features: - Magnetic earbuds with 10mm drivers (Lite model has 8mm) - up to 20 hour playback on single charge, 90min recharge time - IPX5 water resistance (that’s splash proof not submerging) - Bluetooth v4.1 - Microphone - Vibration (of neck-band) - Power on / off and to alert of incoming phone call As with all Anker products, the build quality is second to none despite the mainly all plastic construction. The Life model weighs in at 2oz (57g) and despite not feeling extremely light when in the hand, once around your neck it’s quite easy to forget it’s there. Earbud fit is excellent and thanks to the lightness (3g per bud) it does not feel intrusive to the inner ear like the Slim or NB10 models. Using for hours at a time is a pleasure and if it wasn’t for the music you would be hard pressed to notice them in the ear. No ear hooks but the earbuds remain in position even with a harsh head shake. Controls are easy to access with four buttons covering the following; Power - On/Off and Bluetooth pairing Play - Play/Pause, Siri/Voice Assistant (Hold), Answer/End call, Reject call (Hold button) Volume Up / Forward track (Hold) Volume Down / Back track (Hold) Magnetic ear pieces hold well when storing, in the bag or around the neck. Also welcome is the ability to remove single earbud without it pulling out the other thanks to the neckband design, I.e current SoundBud range. Allowed for easy communication when needed without having to remove full headset, such as quick conversations or the usual hello / see ya later. Audio Quality Gorgeously solid lush tones and power over various genres tested, clear vocals even under bass heavy sections of songs. Loudness is comparable to the SoundBud Slims making them suitable for most situations, such as in the garden, lounging in the house, computer use and for commuting where audio awareness of surroundings is not paramount. Solid bass compared to the Slims and in many ways the NB10 Sports but had a tendency to be a bit too heavy at higher volume in some genres (for me anyways). Ideal Use Due to neck-band design, I wouldn’t be choosing these as your goto’s for the gym (unless your just doing weights). Movement such as light jogging will have these bouncing in no time off your collarbones, or rapping the back of your ears with up and down movements. With the introduction of the neck-band and the battery life of up to 20hrs these are more suited to daily commuting, computer/laptop use and long periods of travel. If gym or above moderate motion is required for use, your best going with the SoundBud Slims or NB10 Sport. Mic and Voice Calls Mic responded very well to FaceTime calls on iMac and basic audio call on iPhone 6s in light to average background noise, with no complaints of not being able to hear me (though they might have been hoping for that :smile: ). Unfortunately on the close end both landline and mobile calls had some parasitic oscillation (garble sound, like listening to a low quality mp3 file on a decent audio system). Something to take into account if you are buying with the sole intention of using or for those with heavy audio call use. Conclusion Despite having reservations when I first heard about possible neckband style EarBuds coming from Anker (which some could argue is a step backwards for BT headsets), I am in fact very impressed with the end product which has come to market. If your in the market for EarBuds with excellent audio quality, killer battery life and comfortable ‘forgot I’m wearing this’ fit for computer / music / commuting use, these would be an ideal purchase.
Its good
My first pair of wireless headphones, and reasonably impressed by their performance.  I have to say that the 10m range is a bit optimistic, as when I have them on 5m line of sight is a bit of a struggle with them.
I recently received this item as a test from Anker, all comments are my own. What can I say about this wireless headset except WOW!! Superb sound, Crystal clear, blocks noise out around me, so my partner can watch her rubbish on tv without bothering me. Sturdy feel, connects fast & battery life is superb. It feels really comfortable around my neck too as do the earbuds in my ears. These are amazing & i would definitely recommend anyone who is thinking avout buying this item, to buy it, as you wont be disappointed even with the price!! Well worth the money!!
What can we say other than WOW WOW WOW - SUPER WOW The Sound quality of these headphones beats the BEATS Headphones handsdown Great looking great design long lasting battery easy connectivity but above all you get an amazing support backup
Sound quality really good nice design nit tried to run batteries down but in my use very good
LOVE THEM I USE THEM AT HOME FOR HANDS-FREE AND IN THE CAR THEY ARE VERRY WELL MADE BATERRY LAST FOR DAYS AND DAYS VERY GOOD RANGE AND SOUND QUALITY VERY CONFRTABLE EASY CONTROLS AND VIBRATE ON CALLS AND MSG CABLE AND POUCH INCLUDED!
I am a fan of bluetooth neckbands and have bought many and have never quite found the perfect example. Many have poor battery lives which is odd given one huge advantage of the neckband style is the battery can be as big as you like and wont make the earbuds heavy (as plain bluetooth earbuds or TWS earbuds do). Some have poor sound. I was tempted by Anker as they seem to be a good brand and have found little fault with other products in their range. I have to say the sound quality is superb on this device : ramping up the volume does not distort the sound nor (as in some devices) does the treble become harsh or sibilant. The bass is good without being overwhelming. These are new for me so I havent proved the battery life yet, but if it is close to the claimed 20 hours then I will be more than happy and these will be my daily earbuds for a long while yet. Highly recommended. (ps I did not have a review copy of this item - I paid full price for it)
Love these, had them two weeks now and have used them in the gym mainly and they are perfect! Always have the sound full bore to drown out the gym music and when a call comes in there is no chance of missing it as the band vibrates! I always took the front part of the band into my t-shirt to keep it out the way and it gets covered in sweat and it still works fine. Well worth the money!
Well made, extremely sturdy with excellent audio quality! What isnt to love? Anker always produce great products and these earbuds are no exception, the concept of wearing a lightweight band around your neck is simply brilliant! The battery capacity is more than adequate and I have found that Ive been getting more than 12+ hours. With a surprising amount of bass for such small ear buds the audio quality is crisp and clear with a nice overall sound for music listening to conference calls, the added mic is great too! The packaging they arrived in, like every other Anker product was simple but not excessive, perfectly designed for the product, without any excess unnecessary cardboard.
These come in a surprisingl large box complete with a manual, storage  bag, spare earbuds and a charge cable. They are already charge din the box and ready to go. I needed some new headphones that would perhaps replace my broken set that I use in bed and a set where I was likely not to loose them whilst I was on my commute. I have several headphones sets to compare to including some very expensive Plantronics ones which I am alwasy worried I will damage or loose. What attracted me to this set was the high battery life (which is around 6-8 times that of my usual headphones) and unique design. The viration mode is also an interesting feature. Its difficult to quantify audio quality as Im not an audiopile, however the quality was good to my ears and what I would expect, the in the ear design of the buds means you can cut out a lot of your usual commuting noise form trains and vehicles. The headset is comfortable and Im not worried about loosing it, the earbuds themselves are magnetic and stick together so you can put them out of the way. There are three buttons on the neck band, a play/[ause button on one side, volume buttosn on the other (which double as forward/backward if you press and hold the button) and a micro USB charge socket. The socket has a little rubber cover for it and whilst Ive not tested it Anker rate it at IPX5. IPX5 means theres no data for particle protection but it will withstand water jets, which I take ot mean it will fair up okay in rain and poor weather. Its not rated at immersion or direct powerful jets of water. Whilst its not apparently aimed at sports use it certainly would handle sweat and rain. As mentioned in other reviews there was confusion that the volume button apparently controls the independent headset volume, not our handset. I didt find this to be the case and the headset worked exactly as expected with my iPhone 6. All in all recommended, its not lightweight nor small but then again the battery lasts for days! Nice bit of kit and happy to take it out on my next commute to work.
Pairing with my LG g4 via Bluetooth was easy, it detected and connected to the soundbuds straight away and maintained connection without any problems. Being water resistant is great for the gym, if you sweat a lot like me. I was able to use them at the gym and with extremely long battery life, they lasted the whole of my 2 hour gym session and longer for the journey home. In the past I’ve had problems with similar earphones which kept falling out, but these stayed in the whole time. When your not using them, it comes with a nice carrying pouch to put them away in. There is also a charging cable(micro USB) could be a bit longer and some extra sized rubber ear tips. The sound quality is excellent, for music it can lack a little base when compared to others, depending on what kind of music you like listening to I guess. Call quality is clear from both sides, the band section has controls to answer calls, play music, volume. The ear pieces themselves are magnetic and stick together, which I think is a great idea. The magnet is pretty strong. I was previously using the Anker soundbuds sports. The rated number of hours it can be used is 20 hours, Its only been a couple of days and I haven’t had to charge them yet. Only question will be durability, these will be my dailies for music from now so we will see but overall very impressed by them.
Best headphones Ive had Work well and batterie life is really good
I like Anker products. I have a few different items and Ive always found the quality price ratio to be excellent. These headphones are comfortable to wear, have a really great battery life, and dont sound at all bad for the price.
If everything Anker claim about these headphones are true then these are definetely worth considering when on a promotion. Received package today. All nicely sealed. Unboxed it and found several marks and smudges on the neckband. As it was sealed I eliminated the possibility of it being a customer return. Must have happened in the factory. Anyway I switched it on and connected to my Samsung S8 flawlessly without much delay and I was good to go. Then went on to do a sound test. Can go loud enough indoors, not sure how it will sound in the noisy outdoors. Sound quality: good range and clear sound when listening to music. FYI I tried out some pop songs and was happy with it. I did notice that on full volume on headset (and smart phone) the bass can sound a tad distorted. Based on the earphone capabilities Im guessing you can have a clear sounding telephone conversation. The phone deiver should handle that part without fail. Pros: Very light. Value for money if brought at the right price. Hopefully good standby / playback time. Its IPX5 rating will come in handy on rainy days or during workouts at the gym. Comes with a very soft and thin pouch and spare earbuds of various sizes. The neckband has vibration as well as a multi colour LED to indicate status or alerts. Cons. Cant fold the neck band, would have been good to be able to fold it and put it away for storage in a space saving manner. When Im wearing the neckband and phones are plugged in, the wires are sticking out (see pics). The earbud silicone seems very thin and flimsy, too too flimsy and flexible for my liking. Anyway Ive used the largest silicone buds and fits nicely. It is comfortable however the wire sticking out may be frustrating. Only time will tell how these cope with daily use. I know these aint exactly sony or sennheiser but one can only hope that no defects delevop.
Looks chunky but really VERY comfortable Sound quality is excellent Battery life is amazing so far Went into the shower with them had a full conversation and it was still amazing  A Must BUY
Best ever
I love them!
Long life battery. The wires are too fragile.
So far so good. No issues at all. Great sound (though could go LOUDER) and great battery life. Some reviews mentioned a tendency for the earphone wires to fail/break connection. I have preempted this with a little Sugru, just in case. There is a “low battery” alert noise which starts to sound intermittently, every 5 minutes or so, for some time before the batteries actually run out- which is kind of annoying. But given the great battery life not a great problem.
Great battery life and range on these, audio quality more than sufficient for BT a wee bass heavy for me. Used some electrical tape to re-enforce the weakpoint of the cables (see photos), not the most attractive effort. Time will tell if this is effective.
1 week after use: Very good quality for its price point. Light weight, doesn’t even feel that I have it on. As most of the battery is in the neck band, the earphones themselves are very light weight. I did not have any problem while running. Also, the magnetic earpieces are a nice touch as they keep the earpieces organized. Good battery life. I usually charge it only every 2-3 days, and I’m a heavy user. Sound quality is good, although I usually use it listen to Podcasts & calls and not much music. I like the convenience of the design, where I can pick up an incoming call with a click of a button on the left side and can control the volume on the right side. Great product. Would definely recommend.
I spent quite a while looking up bluetooth headphone reviews as I needed ones with separate volume from the phone, while it looks like the volume is going up on the phone while I press the up and down buttons on the neckband, I seem to have much finer control, as pressing the buttons on the phone shows the volume slider in a different place. Now Im no longer being deafened by my phone! The sound quality is great, but not quite as noise isolating as the old ones (maybe thats because Im not deafening myself), they come with four sizes of buds to try and get the best fit. Ive not had to charge them yet, so amazing battery life! For wearing in the office, I cant fault them.
I bought these because I have had several Anker products in the past and always been impressed with the quality. I went for these in particular because I wanted some ear buds with long battery life (particularly for long airplane trips!). These are fantastic - light, comfortable and the sound quality (at least to my ears) is absolutely excellent - possibly the best ear buds I have ever listened to. The battery life is also excellent - have used them for over 9 hours continuously with juice still left (do not know how long they would actually last in the real world but Ankers claims seem reasonable from my use so far).
This is an amazing device that could shame other more expensive brand, even more better is the Anker customer service response. I am impressed and a happy customer here. I cant stop recommending this device to all friends and colleagues. Thank you Anker.
Best wireless headphones ive ever had, the battery life is amazing and lasted 28 hours before needing a charge which itself doesnt take long either.
I was pleasantly surprised by the sound quality.
The sound quality as a listener, isnt 5 stars, its good for the price, but not 5 stars. What IS 5 stars though its the call quality, I kid you not, I can longboard down a rough road with a bit of a breeze and even some light traffic and people can actually hear me! Ive had 100 over ear headphones that couldnt manage that. They seem nice and durable, you barely notice them around your neck and for the money, you cant go wrong. Hell, Id be willing to pay more. That said, it would have been nice if you could attach the magnetic buds to the band itself to keep them out of the way. The battery life is amazing.
UPDATED REVIEW: After posting my review below, Anker got in touch and replaced my original SoundBuds, since they sounded like they was faulty. Its been nearly a month now since Ive been using this new pair, and they havent died! Hurray! Ankers customer service is amazing if you have any issues with their products. I havent suffered the con from the original review of "would randomly pause music" as much with this pair. The pause button is on the outer edge, rather than the inside, so if youve hidden the SoundBuds under a top - you might actually hit the button from time to time. Other than that, a great product. ================================== ORIGINAL REVIEW: Used for: listening to music when commuting Pros: + sleek design + comfortable to wear + ear buds magnetically attach to each other Cons: - would randomly pause music - after less than 2 weeks of use the right ear bud stopped working and sound connection flickers for left ear bud.
Bought to use while working out and they are the best ear buds I have used. Sound quality is good, but have yet to use the microphone function. The 3 buttons on the neck piece allow you to easily control music and volume. The battery seems last forever, I use them a few hours a week and recharge them less than once a month, they also recharge quickly. They came with 3 sizes of ear buds, but the medium ones already fitted work well for me. They are comfortable around the neck and the buds are snug, which stops them falling out. I have bought much cheaper ones in the past, so was pleased to find that these were worth spending a little extra on. As usual, they are another great quality Anker product
Comfortable, great battery life, clear mic audio in calls.
I have been a fan of Anker products for quite a few years now. These headphones were the first Anker product Ive ever experienced a problem with. At a guess a lose wire was causing the sound to drop out. I contacted Anker customer support to explain my problem, inside two days the refund was back in my account. I will continue to use Anker products, which are usually superb quality and value for money, its also nice to know the company has great customer support.
Very pleased with these, my first pair of Bluetooth headphones
Present for hubby who finds a lot of earbuds fall out but he was pleased with these because they didnt
The product is of high quality and gives the customer a great experience. What makes me leave this comment here is the way the customer service dealt with my issue. For some reason the product that reached me has different volume levels between left and right headphones, although this issue may seem minor to some, i was uncomfortable wearing them. I contacted the customer service and they handled my request in a professional manner. They prioritised my interests and directly sent me a brand new product without asking me to send the old one back to them. I highly appreciated that. The headphones themselves enjoy a great battery life and quick charging. The voice and volume level is of high quality too.
I first bought a pair of these in January 2018, initially a really great pair of headphones, especially for the price, I would of expected to pay twice the cost for the quality, however in late March the earphones started playing very faintly so I asked for a replacement and that came with no problems whatsoever, the customer service handled it perfectly, the replacement product again initially performed excellently, but sadly in late May the left earphone stopped playing audio, so I contacted Anker Customer services again, they handled the situation seriously and professionally, the Customer service officer was friendly and knowledgeable about the Company, she then proceeded to offer me a full refund for the cost of the earphones, which was placed in my Bank account less than 3 days after our correspondence. I am a proud owner of many of Ankers products and the supreme quality and value for money is second to none, in fact these earphones are the only product that has caused me any trouble whatsoever. But what Im actually writing this review for is Anker Customer Support team, they are probably the best and most eager that I have ever experienced for any company, and I think larger companies with much worse Customer service should take some notes from the underdog, the Customer service member from Anker really seemed to be putting her heart into her job and making sure her company was presented perfectly, I cant recommend  them enough, I cant wait to see what I find next from them!
4th time Ive bought Anker stuff, its really good, not been disappointed yet, they are supposed to be IPX5 rated so I will try them in the shower when I am brave enough, then theyd get a 5 star rating
I decided to go with this  brand for my husbands present. For the reason being is, I needed them to  be water resistant. For the price they are amazing better than much expensive brands I have brought in the past. The neck part is so light you don’t feel it. Very pleased
Cant believe how good the sound is. best earphones Ive bought .
Happy with the product
Great sound quality and battery life. Yes there are better headphones, with more features but they also come with a far higher price tag. I purchased these because I have other Anker products and have been impressed with the quality. I did have an issue with the first pair of these, which was a big disappointment. However I contacted Anker and they sent a replacement set out no questions asked within days. When things do go wrong, which can happen from time to time with any product it is nice to know you have piece of mind and confidence in the manufacturer to sort it out
My replacement pair have been great! I am very happy with this item going on 3 weeks now. Sound quality is ideal, the horseshoe support is lightweight (initially cold if placed directly on your neck) and the battery has lasted over 16 hours for me.
I have a few pairs of bluetooth headphones and I love these, most of the time the battery of a set of BT headphones doesnt last a long haul flight and they are bulky in the ears, these are light and small in the ears and the neckband can be hidden out of the way if required, these last for the length of most long haul flights and are super comfy too.
I would not hesitate to give it 5. Arrived in a nice looking box with all instruction on it. Well built and no cheapy touching plastic. Noise cancellation works fine on train & tube; lightweight & long battery life. Not first time to buy Anker product and so far I do like their quality and reasonable pricing.
I bought these to use during a stay in hospital. They are very comfortable to wear whilst laying in bed. The Bluetooth connection means that there is no lead to get snarled up in bedding or tubes and leads. I am not a hi fi fanatic but I do like to have good sound quality and I find them perfectly satisfactory for my needs.
Perfect for the money, good product
I don’t really write reviews but I had to for this one. Never had such an amazing customer service ever. Had some issues at the start and I contacted Anker they helped me a lot and very quick follow up on how I was getting on etc. Fantastic product too. Thankyou!
I came to these from Apple Airpods. At a fraction of the price and Ankers reputation I was very impressed with the sound quality and overall build. What spoilt it for me is the design of the ear buds, I found it too messy every time I wanted to put the neck band on to find the cords wrapped round or trapped. I ended up returning as I like my airpods better, but if youre after a bargain pair of wireless earphones then you cant do much better.
Broken within days. Faulty wire Anker sent me a new one to try. I am very eased with the way they treat customers who have problems with their products. And this one works fine. So Im giving them 4  stars in stead of 1
I loved the sound and portability these SoundBuds provided but sadly, the wires leaving the neckband started failing, causing the music/audio to cut in/out. I have owned 2 pairs of these, and both lasted no longer that 1 month before the wires were a problem. I thought my first pair failing were just unfortunate, but a second pair doing the same thing is no coincidence. Disappointed because i really liked them (hence why i bought the second set). I still have high hopes for Anker bluetooth, so am looking forward to the Zolo Liberty+. Update. *******Anchor sent me another pair after reading about my issues, and frustration because i loved the sound and portability of these Buds. It has been over 6 weeks now and I can report no issues wit the latest set. Not sure If it was a bad batch I had at first, or I was just unlucky, but the latest one`s are still going strong. Thank you Anchor!
Really great sound. And quality excellent. Just got them so will be able to say more in a few weeks.
I was a bit doubtful about design, however works well when riding bike as ok with helmet without getting tangled. Sound is good enough quality for my purposes, actually need to hear traffic so dont want to much noise to be excluded. Works with Google assistant although this does not work great if background noise eg traffic. Easy to findd controls by feel.
I tried the Aukey entry level version of this type of ear buds and was impressed with the long battery life and versatility of this format. Wanting to upgrade, I bought these Anker buds as Id experience of the quality of their other products. Noise control (nc) and sound quality Several reviewers have stated that there isnt any nc fitted. According to Anker there is nc but it cant be switched off. Id hoped there wasnt nc as it can interfere with the sound quality. With these ear buds, its not easy to tell what effect it has as its not switchable. The sound quality is better than any wired sound buds that Ive tried and also considerably better than entry level headphones. Magnetic earbuds When not in use, the ear buds can be stowed by sticking them together using their internal magnets. This feature is useful as it prevents tangling but, in my opinion, Aukeys is better, whereby each bud sticks to the end of the neck band and can prevent snagging and breakage. I do like the high level of rain and splash resistance applied, the 18 month manufacturers guarantee and the arrangement where the volume controls are fitted on the left. I use them for cycling and they work well for this. They could be used with a treadmill, I suspect, if the neckband was fitted under the runners top. I havent tried the phone call facility but I find them to be good value.
I purchased the headphones for conference calls and listening to music. I was impressed with with the Anker Soundcore boost speaker and these Anker headphones also did not dissapoint.
perfect
I wasnt sure whether Id like wearing these when I took them out of the box. Ive never had a pair of headphones of this type before, and the neck piece is quite big and reasonably solid / heavy. However, having now had them for a couple of weeks Im a convert. I dont notice the neck piece at all when wearing them; it looks a bit odd with a T-Shirt but if youre wearing a collared shirt you dont even see it. The big advantage is that the buds are not weighed down by a control unit or battery so are much less noticeable in use and are less likely to fall out. My one comment would be that I wouldnt want to run in these - the neck piece would, I think, bump up and down and would be uncomfortable. Absolutely fine for weights / cycling, though, and being weather sealed theyll deal with sweat easily. Also, the inevitable consequence of the design is that the headphones are not terribly compact - they take up quite a bit of room in a briefcase or backpack, and the soft bag they come with doesnt protect them against getting squashed. A design that allowed them to fold in the middle or pack down like a pair of glasses would be really great, and would allow them to be protected in a reasonably compact shell case. One for Ankers designers! The big plus with these for me is the battery life. I own various pairs of wireless buds, in particular Ankers own Soundbuds Lite, and while Im a huge fan their diminutive size does mean the battery stamina is limited. These buds, having the benefit the neck section to allow room for a bigger battery, have no such issue. They will last for a full day of listening. For that reason, they would make a great choice for travelling, particularly long haul. Sound quality is very good indeed for the price. I didnt detect any discernible difference from the Soundbuds Lite (I suspect the drivers are virtually identical). These apparently have CVC software noise reduction; whether that makes any real life difference isnt clear to me. As with all in ear headphones, if you dont get a good seal with the buds included, you wont get much bass. I have discovered, however, that these work very well with Size 1 INAIRS (search Amazon) and those foam tips give a great seal, helping both exclude external noise and give great bass. The treble is not as precise or distinct as my Sennheiser earths but those (wired) buds are more than 10x the price so Id hope they had something to show for it! These are really good day to day wireless headphones - lots of stereo separation, crisp treble and solid but not overemphasised bass. They are never harsh or uncomfortable to listen to. One further benefit of the design is that the buttons for controlling playback and volume are much larger and easier to use than the tiny buttons on the cable only designs. Microphone sound quality is very good too, and the neck piece vibrates when you have an incoming call. The vibrate is quite fierce, actually, so dont be surprised when you turn it on for the first time. I do wish that the headphones could pair with 2 or 3 devices, however; Id like to use these with my iPad and phone, but because they only pair with one device you have to repair each time which is a bit of a pain. Ive given these five stars in any event though because they are very good at what they do and the fact that there are improvements possible doesnt detract from that performance. Most of the points above are simply to do with their form factor, without which you of course wouldnt have the comfort and durability benefits of that form factor. In short, well worth a listen and astonishing quality for the price!
cannot fault them. Much better than LG neckband earphones
these soundbuds are amazing, the treble is crisp without sounding tinny and as for the bass, awesome but not overwhelming. Ive had several different bluetooth earphones and these make beats sound like two old cocoa tins joined with string .you will not be disappointed with these earbuds from anker.
After owning these for about 1 week I have been using them to gain an insight into Ankers design but also this general design of lightweight earphones with the neck band. I have never used this type of design before and therefore was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable they were during expended periods of use. They come packaged in a high quality designed box with the earphones them selves, a Micro USB cable, a selection of different sized earbuds and a small guide to use. The pairing process was very easy and only involved holding the power button down past the turn on point until the band vibrates a second time to alert you to being in the pairing process, the device showed up without any problem within my Macbook Bluetooth menu and my iPhone menu. The sound quality, ultimately the main factor in purchasing any kind of audio equipment. These are pretty decent for their form factor and price. Bass is responsive with both high and mids identified with no problems. Vocals were also no struggle for these headphones. Overall I would definitely recommend these to anybody looking for a neat pair of headphones with a comfortable form factor to fit any size of ear and with an easy to use pairing process.
I already own a anker Bluetooth earphones This just beats it The quality The feel The looks The packaging are all better than anything Ive seen The price is decent I would recommend this product to anyone
I never used any other headphones than earbuds. I was intrigued and surprised when Anker decided to make headphones. First thing first. Box and the whole packaging of those headphones is much better quality than expected. In the box, apart from headphones, you will find different size earbuds, charging cable (micro usb), nice product pouch probably nobody is using and manual. Build quality was always good with Anker, but again I was surprised how well the whole neckband feels. Its light, but theres certain reassuring weight to it. Same with the earbuds, they also have magnets in them so they can be clipped together so they less dangly when not in use. Pairing is straight forward like with most Bluetooth devices these days. On the inside on the right-hand side, you have volume control and USB port, the power button is on the inside on the left-hand side and the multi-purpose button is located on the left-hand side on the outside. Audio quality is good, but will also depend on what you are used to. No, its not on Bose/Sennheiser level, but nobody expects it to be. Its a bit better than expected at this price range. Volume wise, you will be surprised how loud they can be. If you are looking for a well build headphones, with good sound quality and long battery live, I think you should seriously consider those.
Music to your ears Anker SoundBuds Life I don’t really ‘do’ earbuds, but when the opportunity arose to review these for Anker, I thought I would have a go. They are comfortable, un-intrusive, easy to operate, and produce a sound quality way beyond their diminutive size. In the box SoundBuds Life neck band with earbuds attached. Micro USB charging cord Spare earbud covers Instruction manual Storage pouch Build quality Like everything else I have used from Anker, there is a reassuring build quality here. The neck band is light, but robust. The ear buds themselves are slightly heavier than expected, and magnetised – so that they clip together when not in use. All controls are built into the neckband within easy reach. Pairing and ease of use Bluetooth pairing proved to be both easy and quick. Volume controls and USB port are on one side of the neckband and power switch on the other. On the outside is the play/pause/ call-answering/ voice-activation switch. All of these are easy to locate by touch and safely encased so that they can be operated in all weathers. Audio quality This, of course, is what should matter most, and I was not disappointed. Full tonal range was present, with a surprisingly good bass.  When I switched to a classical playlist, I felt that I was hearing notes I had never heard before! Overall, I would recommend these to anyone who wants to try the ear buds thing without getting caught up in a load of dangling wires – neat, elegant, easy to use and sounding good!
Very happy with them. Work as described. Sound great. Very comfortable to wear. Really long battery life.
