Amazing headset. Read all the reviews and was concerned about one earphone conching off, but thought that was a one off issue. Happened to my product within a month of use. Will get it replaced and see, but Im not too enthusiastic!
Within just a few weeks of using the right headphone cuts in and out based on movement, appears the connection is poor in the very thin wire. Disappointed and not recommended.
I had to get this item replaced twice and still the same thing happened. One ear stopped working everytime, even though I was always so careful about storing it, making sure the wires didnt get tugged. But still the same thing kept happening, I dont believe you need to take extraordinary measures to make headphones last longer then 2 weeks. But the service was amazing from here. They replace it everytime, and eventually I ended up refunding the item
Stop sound from 1 earphone
Left ear bud keeps cutting out and Ive only had these about 6 weeks and used them about half a dozen times!
Battery life is great and sound is good for the price The real issue is durability * Rubber / Silicon end pieces tends to go away. Found it the first time it went lose but not the second. I had to buy to inairs memory foam to replace as the costs asked for replacement peices was too high. * The cables that link the earpiece to the main body went faulty quite quickly. I resolved the issue (probably a temporaty fix until final permanent failure) by wrapping silicon tape around the junction. I like them but will have to replace them soon (probably with something else)
I har been using this product for 4 months.but now I cant hear anything from left side ear plug.same problem occurs with another headset I which bought along with this but I got replacement for that..now problem with another one
Big fan of Anker products. These headphones were great. Though the earplugs cables are very soft so I damaged it with my  jacket zip in first week. one side is not working anymore
Sound went completeley in left earpiece and loose connection on right side waste of money useless in less than a month
Cant really fault these. Use it daily for gym. Sound isnt the best, but then again you wouldnt use this if youre an audiophile. Stays in pretty while even on treadmill, although they will occasionally loosen in ear. Battery life is really good. Would only say if it had noise cancellation, would be near perfect. owned for over a year now. Update. 1 yr 2 months the right side has stopped working. Therefore dropped to 3 stars
I am usually a big fan of most Anker products but unfortunately the left hand earbud wire started to crackle and die after only a few days use. I expect that from the cheap budget headsets,  but not from an Anker heatset which costs twice as much.
I dont even use a month.one side not working
Sound quality is good but a bit too low, good battery as all anker products ..
I really liked these while they lasted. Within a month the right ear stopped working.
I will definitely recommend Anker as a company with excellent product range and superb customer service, 5 stars. Unfortunately I cannot recommend these headphones as they seem to suffer from poor design. As experienced by many others the right earbud stopped working intermittently. The cause seems to be weak wiring. Anker Customer service provided  great support and refunded the whole amount. As a product goes the rating is 1 star - But Anker customer service definitely deserves 5. I have not given up on Anker either. Waiting for my SoundBuds flow to be deliver in a couple of days.
Really hate giving 2 stars as I have lots of Anker product and love their quality and design and to a certain extent these soundbuds life represent all of that (almost), however I do suspect they have a design flaw as far as the cable entry point into the neckband. I had a pair and after light use for a week they developed the intermittent failure of sound in one earbud. You will see from other reviews this isnt an isolated issue.  Perhaps if the earbuds had small elastic bands like other earbuds protecting the wire from overstretch, this may prevent the fault occurring or at least minimise the potential. I loved the design of the earbuds and would have been happy with purchase if no fault had occurred." I did feed this back to anker and received a rather standard response i.e. Although we work hard to ensure high quality standards through multiple quality checks, we regrettably still come across defective products occasionally. But I suspect this is more than just a few defects slipping through as other reviews are having the identical issue, or then again perhaps we are indeed just the unlucky few that slipped through the quality net. nevertheless the return process was easy enough. However when working OK these headbands were brilliant to use .... - Button placement was very intuitive and very easy to find (a real pain to find on another Mpower set i bought) - You can quickly tell left channel from right channel due to shaped design (my rubbish eyesight struggles to see the small L and R on other set) - Magnet on buds keeps it tangle free - battery life is longer than most - 18 month warranty is great hope this helps
The right earbud stopped working within a couple of days. After an initial response from Anker support asking for the serial number they have completely ignored all my emails and requests for a replacement. Ive heard good things about Ankers product support so Im surprised at this.
Was really impressed with these out if the box. Battery life is excellent and the sound quality was very good. But within a couple of weeks one side began to cut out when the cable was in certain positions and it just got worse to the point where they were unusable. Amazon refunded me as they always do when there are issues. EDIT: Anker came through from a CS perspective and replaced the item post refund. Cant argue with that. SECOND EDIT: Second one is suffering the same fault.
I liked these earphones for listening to iplayer radio on the way to and from work and locally stored music, they sounded pretty good. I also had regular phone calls on them where there were no complaints. But, using them with skype I was told the microphone wasnt so good ("shashy") and had to change to wired headphones. Sadly after only about 2 and a half months one of the earbuds stopped working. To be honest, when I unpacked them I did wonder if this would happen, where the wires come out of the neckband it just looks like a weakness in the design. I tried not to let the wires get pressed at an angle but despite that it first got unreliable, had to be wiggled before any sound could be heard then stopped altogether. What I will say is that the anker customer service are brilliant. They sent out a replacement set immediately and I hope not to have the same problem with the replacements. If stuff is going to go wrong, it pays to have bought from a company with good customer service.
I belive there is a mistake in the description. I think that the function “noise cancelling” is misused here. What these headphones do is “noise isolating” so I will have to return them. On the other side, sound and build quality is good. Comfortable to wear and easy to pair.
its bad product the two handset wiers cutout from inside with no reason.
Good sound but after a week of light use crackling appeared in one ear so returned.
Comfortable and exceptional battery life but poor sound quality (all base and treble with no mids) and the right side dieing after a week.
Bought them less than two weeks ago. Used them nearly every day for running. They were working fine yesterday. This morning, they wouldnt switch on and wouldnt charge. Completely dead. Returning to Amazon.
Im having a complete meltdown! Considering send it back to its maker! Intermittently sound disappearing from both earphone, funny thing is its one or the other, volume wont go up! Its still pairing... Im never so harsh and I do generally like the maker brand I use allot of their accessories... Im just wondering if soundbuds were a mistake!! Jees! I have sent an email to anker, theyd probably respond 24 hours. I wonder if I can send the headphones back to Amazon for redund.. its so much easier with beats I can go into the Apple Store!!!
