Nice quality.  Head phones are perfect for gaming!
It is well built, great sound and my son uses it everyday.  He says it is the best gaming headset he has used yet.
Not bad for the money. For the price I wont really knock it.Find it on sale.
These headphones are quality but the rewards are better lololol
Love this surround sound headset. There is a volume control and mic mute switch which is great dont have to close my game to change volume
These are much more comfortable to wear over long hours compared to my old krakens. But they fall off much easier and they don’t stay stuck to your head as much. You might want to keep that in mind. They’re just a little more loose in my opinion. Other than that I’ve had no issues and they still kind fantastic.
I have had this headset for over 2 years now and it has held the test of time. It hasnt broken or needed to be replaced, except for the earcups once so far. The sound quality is fantastic for the price and so is the mic quality. It is also very comfortable with the large earcups and my ears never touch the actual headphones, just the earcups. Plugs into everything from a PC, with the included audio splitter, to your console to your phone with a 3.5mm audio jack. I bought this knowing Razer was a good quality brand but I was amazed that these things had held up for so long. I couldnt give this product any less than a five. There some things that some people may not like, its open back, so if someone walks in they can hear what youre hearing and vice versa, you can hear the outside fairly clear but it gives the sound quality a wider sound stave which sounds better for certain games like shooters. I would 100% recommend to anyone thats thinking about buying this, great product.
Quality sound, comfy fit, and love the adjustable mic.
The headset is comfortable and the sound is clear.
Foe the price, it’s a great overall headset. No issues what so ever. The only thing is that you may have to buy an attachment piece that connects to your Xbox controller.
Quality sound and very comfortable headset. Mic also good quality.
We initially bought a different brand that was USB, required the manufacturers software, was a pain to set up, and then broke within two weeks. While returning those, I chatted with one of the workers in the computer department who is also a gamer and has tried most of the headsets. These were recommended, and so far they have been great. The set up went quickly and easily (something I never thought I would need to say about a headset!!), no software download was needed, and they have worked flawlessly. This experience is why I continue to support brick and mortar Best Buys.
He plays fortnite and counterstrike on the PC and enjoys using the headphones with these. Tried it too. Nice!
I would recommend these headphones. My grandson has tried other ones and he loves these.
The headphones perform well. You get all the levels you want and can hear everything without static. They are great.
Small tweaks mean the Razer Kraken don’t offer substantial improvements compared to their predecessor, but these are still the best value gaming headphones, versatile enough for both PC and console.ProsComfortable ear cups with cooling technologyGreat audio qualityQuality bassStylish and robustConsMinor improvements on previous iterationLacks surround sound
Overall sound is very clear and loud ,I’m playing with this headset on ps4 on max volume and you hear footsteps ,explosions, gun fire, everything very well. so far I like how it feels and sounds the cooling gels help a lot for long sessions. They feel very comfortable and build quality is very good to. nothing to worry if dropped so yes I recommend these for the price!
These are my favorite Razor headphones. The sound is very clear... and the headphones are very comfortable.
Ear cups are super comfy. Good sound once set up. I had to increase my levels on my computer as it started out really quite even with the volume control on the head set and on my dashboard at 100%. Once I figured it out the the sound is solid.
Great headset for gaming. The sound is pretty solid as well as the mic. I like the indents in the ear piece so it makes it comfortable for me when I wear my glasses.
Well built for kids aka teenagers they got these right!!
This headset is great quality in both the build and in sound. Great for playing games and watching movies on the Xbox One
This one seems to work better than the A10. Chose this one after A 10 stopped working.
Love this headset. I used to have a Turtle Beach and I can definitely say I like this one more.
I can’t hear anything while I’m wearing them. Great for VR too! My only issue is the mic length. I got a big head and it’s too short
I had a turtle beach set these are way more study and better. Really sounds great.
Like the Razer product lines so this was definitely worth the purchase at the time.
These headphones do great for pc gaming. Good pair to get.
Clear sound and and very durable piece of equipment able to be used for gaming or general stereo/music listening. Works well with phones.
I have bought other brands for my gamer son and so far he likes Razer-Kraken the most.  I seem to last longer than other brand of the same price range.
Very good for gaming and very clear sound and very comfortable to ware
Very comfortable headset and great sound. Does not have as much volume control as I would expect from a headset in this price range.
..nice sound for apps like Teamspeak ..bought it for voice & have never tried it with music
sound was very good but the mic isn’t the best, very hard to get it to actually pick up your voice, not sure if I got a bad set or what.
It has lasted well and worth a little extra money as it has outlasted less expensive brands
The audio from the PC is great, but the microphone does require some adjustments so it doesnt pick up white noise.
For the price point of this headset I’m really happy with them. Great sound quality and very comfortable. Much better design than a lot of previous models from Razer.
Satisfied with the product especially purchasing it on sale. The sound is good, not excellent, but gets the job done. Comfortable
Sound quality is great, as is voice quality. Doesnt quite expand enough for my head, so fits a little snug, but not uncomfortable
I really liked the product and I wanted to keep it, but I couldnt. It simply was too small for my large head. If you have a normal sized head, you will love this product. If you have a huge melon, it will fit very tight and give you a headache.
I just got it and I’m in love with the rich sound!! Would recommend
