worked good for ps4
Got it on sale so great for price.. Best headset I’ve purchased so far.
There is certainly better and the xbox sound is a little low volume, but other then that its great.
Great material only i hope the next headsets can be more confortable for the ears cause after a 2 or 3 hours of use the ear starts to be heat. For all the other things really good for the price!
Lightweight
I hate headsets because they always hurt my ears but these feel so great I wear them for hours. My friends can always hear me and i can hear them as well as my game. Not heavy on the head or tight on my ears even though I have a few earrings in each ear. And my screaming kids can play with daddy and I can enjoy my me time lol
Great headphones, but the volume adjuster is way too sensitive, since it will lower the volume if you brush up against it
Works great and it’s so comfortable.
Love the build quality and sounds great! Would recommend!
My son is really enjoying these for gaming and listening to music. He especially loves the sound quality.
Very good headphones for the price. They are super comfortable and I am very picky about comfort with headphones.
I liked the sound quality you can hear footsteps in game perfectly to the point where you can locate your enemy by sound alone. Worth the purchase
Work excellent with PS4 recommend
Great for calls or listening to movies late at night, gamers will love them and they are much improved over the old version in that the bass is not drowning out the whole spectrum of sound. Sounds ok for music but thats not why you bought them. A winner well made and durable, comfie too.
Very comfortable but Astro A10s are just about as good
I absolutely love this headset. Super comfortable and the sound it so crisp. Deep bass as well. Very happy.
Feels like good quality, and very snug on my head, but could sound better. The microphone also sounds decent but has a little static sound to it.
Im really enjoying this headset for my ps4 and my xbox, I wanted a good quality that I could use on both of my consoles and this one is great
I had the first kraken pros and they were amazing, lasted me almost 5 years. I was looking for something new and i knew where to go, these are one of the best gaming headsets youll find for a budget price. No problem yet 6 months after i bought them. I use them for my xbox and my pc.
Two thumbs up
Straight out of the box it worked great, sound quality is great and the mic is good quality for any content creators.
I love the fact that I can put them on and everything else disappears around me. It’s just me and the game.
Great budget headset that will make you glad you didn’t spend two to three times as much, unless you’re set on a wireless option.
Bought these for my husband to play Battlefield 5 on the Xbox one in SILENCE.  But after I used them to play a game, I want my own pair.  These are seriously comfortable and high quality.  The mic is very very sensitive though.  I could hear him breathing when I was in party chart with him, and it picked up our ceiling fan thats about 18 feet up from the ground on vaulted ceiling.  Sounded like a hurricane.
**Update** Been a little over a month now. The audio is good but I still feel like the bass is lacking a bit. Ive never used corded on PC and wish I had stuck with wireless but thats really more of a preference thing. The microphone works great. Very clear and not much background noise gets through. There is a bit of an echo problem with the mic though. So, the sound insulation isnt super great. Certainly worth the price but Id go wireless in the future. *end* First review (will review again when Ive had a chance to really test the mic, and again at the end of the headsets lifespan) First impression: Build quality and design are very nice. Audio... Compared to my cheepos they are better in every way. However, compared to my midrange headphones (200$) The highs feel a bit fuzzy (not sure how to describe that) and the bass feels kinds of muted when its needed most. To clarify, the bass mids are powerful and offer a warm sound feel, but the deeper bass is just weirdly missing. Theres no punch. It just doesnt feel right. Take it with a grain of salt though. The quality is there. I do like them and will keep using them, but if I want punchy bass for a movie or music, Im switching to something else.
Really happy I decided on these! The sound is great and the ear pads remain comfortable after many hours of gaming. The mic is also great quality, easy to position, and really convenient to put away when youre not using it. 10/10
This headset sounds good....pretty damn good. I did have to turn the volume setting on the console up to the highest and then turn the headset volume all the way up to get the booming sounds of feeling like you were actually in the action of explosions and stuff. After wearing the headset for about 2-3 hours, my head didnt hurt from the pressure of the headset. For the price, I think its a good buy.
The best headset ever
these joints is dumb comfy witta lotta bass knockin at no expense of the crispy gunshots of BO4 fortnite mode. BIG recommend
The olny thing I’m not really liking the mic it alright
they are the best I do recommend them
Works really well so far had it since August and now its november and its still working amazingly well i gave durability a 4 because i dont know if they are durable because i never dropped them so i wouldnt know but sound and material are amazing
Epic now i can watch shrek in peace
The quality the comfort and the overall sound of the headphones I give it a 4 stars really good pair :)
I purchased this to use for streaming on twitch and it worksgreat and doesnt pick up my mechanical keyboard at all which was an issue with my last one but it picks up myvoice perfectly and the sound quailty if amazing and the headphones are comfortable over long periods of time
Work good
Great sound!
The cushions are soft. The mic is a good quality, and its retractable. It feels sturdy and isnt heavy at all. They look and sound great as well.
Works great
Pros - Mic quality is very good, also the mic being bendable and can stow inside the earpiece is a plus to me. Sound quality is also pretty decent, though not true surround sound, it’s decent. I’ve had the headset for 2-3 months and the quality of the build is great and seems really durable, no problems as of right now. Cons - Headset is pretty bulky which could be a problem is you’re not a professional gamer and only use it for that. Wearing these to the gym or something along those lines  would be pretty awkward.
Great for gaming...cancels out the noise
The metal frame provides a sturdy and strong feel while also providing near pristine sound quality through the comfortable ear cups. A very simple and more subtle approach as opposed to the more flashy turtle beach brand!
I used to own a $20 headset that gave me headaches because of the terrible quality, once I switched to this headset I could instantly feel how good it felt.  I highly recommend it.
Fast shipping, boyfriend loves it
These headphones are amazing. Most comfortable I’ve ever worn. Only downside was that the audio quality was not as good as expected. you hear some muffle like most other headsets and mic quality is sub-par
Great product
My grandson loved it
Update: It seems to be that these headphones are only "quiet" during Red Dead 2. Using on anything else, theyre pretty fantastic. The bass is still a little bit lacking, but its not a deal breaker. I do recommend these headphones. Increased from 3 stars to 4. Using these on Xbox One X, these replaced my Turtle Beach Recon 50x. The sound is already much improved, but not what I expected. The bass is very much lacking. Overall, decent sound, but it isnt powerful at all. Im currently playing RDR2, I have the volume turned to max on these headphones, and the sound is still weak. I did download and install the Dolby Atmos app for the Xbox One X and that did seem to help a bit, but the sound is still somewhat disappointing. The headset itself is pretty comfortable. Lots of cushions. Nice headband, everything stays in place. The adjustable mic is also nice. Overall, these are decent headphones but I wouldnt pay full price for them.
Mic blew out and now I’m quiet but otherwise it’s giod
Amazing material and Superb sound quality . i would recommend it to everyone 9.5/10
My son can be a bit careless and doesn’t take care of his things super well, but these have held up and work great!
The Razer Kraken Pro V2 is Awesome!  Works great with my Battlefield 4 PC Game.  I bought this version because it has 3.5 mm plug ends.  I did not want the Razer Kraken Pro 7.1 USB because I have the ASUS ROG STRIX RAID DLX sound card and I needed the 3.5mm plug ends for the audio control box feature.  Headphone sound and microphone works very well.  Thanks Razer!
Excellent
Literally the best headset on the market for anywhere near the price. I bought this to replace my aging razer kraken pro (still works btw after like 5 years) and was amazed at how comfortable, light, and overall fantastic it was. Hard to beat razer.
Great headset I ordered it to use it on my xbox it has great sounds super comfortable i can wear them for hours with no discomfort
The tape on the box was open but besides that everything looked new and nothing was missing
I use this headset for gaming, watching movies, and listening to music and they are great, best headset I have ever owned.
awesome sound fit perfectly
Great quality
For this earphone, I like it very much. It makes me listen much more clearly than before while plaing PUBG. Also when I play for a long time, I wont feel pain on my ear as other earphone. Razer of course is my favorite. So no doubt, I like it so much and maybe next time, I will try the wireless one.
Works for my Xbox and pc
Excellent for the games and the quality of the manufacturer is very wonderful I enjoyed playing a lot and comfortable for  ear and spongy texture
Great quality surround sound
They work great!
Great feel, very comfortable on head for long periods of time. Plastic feels a little cheap but is still sturdy, doesnt make the area around your ears sweat or irritated. Cushioing is a good material. Love the adapters and the inline volume rocker and mute button have a great feel to them. Like the retractable mic very much, feels sturdy.
great headphones. putter shell is metal along with plastic inside and very soft cushions for the ears. i play for hours on end and never have a pain around my ears or in top of my head. great product
my boyfriend had mentioned that he wanted these and was going to buy them so I got them for him for his birthday and he loves them. The quality is great and he has no complaints my only complaint is that he spends even more time on his Xbox:)
The best ones Ive ever had.
Overall, I think video game headphones are over priced, so Im a little biased in that aspect. I still dont think theyre worth $70 but compared to $150 turtle beach stealth 700, you pretty much get the same sound quality for $80 less, plus much more bass.
Great headset although wire gets tangled very easily.
The material is amazing. Doesn’t hurt your ears or head when playing for long periods of time.
These are really comfortable, sound potency is nice and reproduce frequencies well. Treble isnt as noticeable, these have a bass boost. They are very bulky and would not recommend for anything else rather than staying home for gaming and TV and series watching.
I had brought these upgrading from a cheapo pair of $15 headsets which themselves worked very well in terms of use case. These however are so much better! First thing they are out of the box so much more comfortable than my $15 headphones (of which I will be making comparisons to FYI). Even after a little over a month they remain comfortable for extended periods of time (12+ hours) as I do school work on the PC and play video games and watch my favorite movies. The headphones cover my ears very well, I have semi large ears for a small guy. The sound cancellation is great, I barely can hear anything in the real world including my PC itself which sits on my desk and has 7 fans running, constantly making a humming noise. Especially true when gaming even on the most minute volume. The Mic is great, generally it doesnt catch its own sound which I was having issues with on my older headsets (unless you put the headphones on blast), they also came undamaged so no false feedback causing buzzing, scratching or other sounds which my old ones did eventually. Also the mic sits inside the headphones and can be pulled out and back in and it also bends allowing for optimal placement. The loudness is great, I actually watched one of my favorite TV series using the headphones AS A SPEAKER, it was loud and clear enough at max volume to lay down in bed approx. 15 ft. away (from my head to the headphones sitting behind my screen), I was too tired to sit at my chair but wanted to finish watching my show. Also the cord it comes with is VERY long, over 8 feet, it reaches all the way to my bed with me wearing them if I lay at the foot of my bed (less than 8ft away. The build quality is great, the cords are cloth mesh covered and the headband is very adjustable and keeps in place. Also the headset applies firm but light pressure to hold on your head. Downsides: It has a very long cord (2 piece) which might make it unwieldy to some, for me not an issue, but a small consideration. The mics built in manual volume rocker is very sensitive, minute rotation causes pretty big volume differences but it isnt a big deal as just small motions allow for proper control. Buy it.
I use them on my Xbox one and they’re awesome. Sound quality is good and they’re very comfortable to wear for long periods of time
I like that you can roll the mic up in the device so it doesnt break or in your way when just playing a game by yourself.
Great quality
Amazing! Great deal for gamers
I purchased the ani log version, the one with the splitter. I find that the sound is fine however I was required to download the razer proprietary audio driver which works 50% of the time. Good headphones if you can get around that though.
good
Needed a pair for work
The headphones are really well made and fit comfortably around the ears. The only down side is the sound quality. The headphones do not sound amazing, but they sound decent enough.
Great headset !
I love this headset I decided to get a decent pair after having a turtle beach recon one for two years this one is very comfortable and feels high quality compared to the turtle beach one this is a million times better 10/10
Works great
Love the retractable mic and the sound is better than my turtle beach headsets. Love the online controls.
Everything is great but sometimes the audio cuts out
I needed something for my Xbox and this was Perfect. It is very well made the metal feel is nice without feeling heavy. It feels like its sturdy construction and not cheap at all, they look way more fancy than their price point. It connects to your Xbox One controller and sound can be perfected on the Xbox or games, although I wish it was a bit louder in certain games, audio wise when you connect to your phone or computer there is more than enough sound, but on the Xbox I wanted just a little more. Because of the price I would find it very difficult to find a better deal. Some of the ones that are sold elsewhere are just cheap quality and feel and look cheap, this does not disappoint.
I owned a Razer Kraken V1 and was super impressed with the sound quality, but these took it a step further and made the ear cuffs fit over your ears and much more comfortable. The only thing I have a problem with is the microphone picks up a lot of noise from inside of your headphones, so if you are in a discord call your friend can hear themselves. Besides that it is a nice sounding mic. If you are looking for a budget headset its a good buy.
Tremendo excelente artículo
Nephew loved them. Uses with his xbox.
Well made, can’t see them ever breaking.
My son has gone through 4 other headphones that werent cheap. What a waste of money! He took liberty to watch many video reviews to find the best one and the conclusion were these headphones. I got them for him for Xmas and he says theyre the best ones hes owned. Sound quality is great, he says they dont make him hot or make his ears uncomfortable. Cant tell if thats a good thing bc on weekends he has them on alllll day, even to listen to music on his iphone.
This is my second over ear headset. I never really had a preference but I do now. The large foam pads are really comfortable.  Now that Im in need of another pair, I strongly considered buying the same damn thing. It sounds good. Probably the best Ive used - but Im no expert. Still, I use it for everything - calls, movies, games, music. I never felt it lacked anywhere really. I should mention, Im not too big into music though. Mic is fine. Its clear, no one complains when Im on calls with them :) I dont struggle to be understood. Build quality is actually really really good. The cups are a decent plastic, and pivot in an aluminum ring that extends to the headband. The chunky piece it slides into is also aluminum. Never once have I thought any part of this may break. Im the kind of guy that over-engineers moving parts and hinges - this is seriously satisfactory here. Cables are nice but non removable. This is the flaw. I use this headset daily. I use it for work, and for play. Ive been on conference calls lasting for the entire 8 hours and then some - and I never felt fatigued from this headset - but, this much use brings me to the flaw. All analogue switches, especially potentiometers will fail over time. This headset lasted just short of a year. The microphone produces clicks even in mute now, and adjusting the volume can cause sound to cut out in one ear - jostling the volume brings it back. This headset still looks like new - which is ridiculous for something I probably spent more time wearing, than sleeping over the past year. Yet, this phenomenal durability is let down by a non replaceable cable. Thats a little sad though. Every other part is in perfect condition. Being let down by a switch in the cable? Weaksauce. It simply doesnt match the durability of the rest of the headset. By being non-removable, it takes a perfect headset with it. This did not get me a full year, but I understand my usage is higher than normal. Still, it would be nice if this were to be addressed in future revisions. As it stands Im moving onto something else, though Ill be modifying this set - either simply bypassing the worn control switch, or maybe make a female 3.5 mm fit in the earpiece.
I got these and its great cause you can just plug the main part for your computer into your computer and unplug the headset from the that part and take it wherever if you want to plug it into your phone. IF YOU ARE A HS STUDENT AND RIDE THE BUS! Get these 100%. Souds out the bus big time. So happy I got these.
Feels durable, and works well for the price. People say the mic quality is pretty good too. I’ve used it for pc and Xbox. For Xbox it pops right in and works, but for pc it’s a little different. I couldn’t get my mic to work in game, it would just come in as static. You have to buy a little usb converter for the audio and mic to be able to use it in games and stuff. Still a great purchase though!
The best quality and very comfortable.
I have been a TurtleBeach customer for 7 years. My flaw was not trying other brands, I became furious with my $200 elite pros and picked these guys up. My intention was to have this as a backup headset while the elite pros were being replaced. After getting my replacement TurtleBeach elite pros back, I left them in the box. The Razer Kraken Pro V2’s have a superior build quality. They feel much more durable and are a fraction of the cost. The design is durable and simplistic, it gives you great quality by avoiding the unnecessary bells and whistles (like turtle beach). Initially there was a difference in sound quality, however after adjusting it is just as good as TurtleBeach’s top end headset. I would highly recommend this product.
Comfortable, even with glasses on. Goes around the whole ear, no pressure points. Good for 2-4 hour sessions. The only issue is some voice echo, but I think that is from other users settings as it isn’t even session. The are a bit heavy and the weight is noticeable after long sessions. The best headphones that I’ve had at this price point, beats all turtle beach sets in this category.
Bought for friend he love them I thought they were to tight and way to much bass
5/5 Stars
Like you I read the Amazon reviews the good and bad to see what to expect and finally decided to buy these Im happy with the purchase. I play on ps4 so these were what I needed I can hear people from exactly where they are coming from 10/10 would buy again
These are decent for the price. Having tried Razer’s electra v1 I was actually expecting more on the sound quality of these ones. They are not bad by any means but even with surround sound I feel like the sound quality is not that great for me. Other than that build quality is incredible and the pads are very soft and do not catch that much heat.
Item came quickly with no issues to package. The headphones are top quality for the price. I have never bought expensive headphones for a console , nothing over 100$ , these are worth every penny.  Much better than Astro A10 for same price range. The look is very sleek with black and the way the microphone is hidden.
The product is very good
I gave this 5 stars, because for my purposes, they are exactly what I needed. No, they are not Bose quality sound, but very good. I spent many hours researching headsets and reading reviews, and sure there are lots of headsets that had better reviews, but I wanted a good headset that was comfortable. I had the regular Kraken headset prior to these and they hurt my ears after long use. Pretty sure it was because of the round ear cups and the rigid headband. I was happy with the sound quality though. This headset is VERY comfortable. The headband is more flexible than the regular Kraken, less rigid, but not floppy and soft oval ear cups. In my experience it has the perfect tension for comfort and sound isolation. Ive worn these on several multi hour gaming marathons without even the slightest discomfort. I also really like that the microphone is retractable. Im not a big enough audiophile to spend several hundred dollars for a minimal improvement in sound. Im very happy with these, they sound great, are VERY comfortable and my search is over.
I bought these a a travel set for gaming, For games like Siege and Overwatch, theyre great, good definition, clear tracking, Currently using with the Blue Yeti, so unable to test the mute functionality but the volume control works great. For the price, they are hard to beat, I would definitely recommend these
Solid construction, good price, great audio, really, really good microphone. Comfort is beyond measurable. Youll forget you have these on unless your ears/head start getting warm. Though, Im sure the colling ear cups will negate this. Sound is great, mic quality is way better than I expected from this headset, overall fit and design is solid and clean.
Pros: Comfortable Clear Microphone Durable Balanced Sound Cons: May pinch ears (depending on person)
Very comfortable headphones with firm cushion that helps noise cancelling. Retractable mic. I dont use the mic, so I dont know how well it works.
The sound is great the feel of it is perfect does not feel flimsy at all but my only problem with them is when connected to a pc my friends can sometimes hear my audio in game through my headset even when muted but other than that its worth the price, i still would get the warranty just to be on the safe side
This is a great headset that lives up to its title of being "lightweight", yet durable at the same time. Sound quality is wonderful and it is comfortable to use for hours at a time.
Great for the price. Purchased these after having a pair of Astro A40s for almost 8 years! While I don’t expect these to last quite that long, I was surprised that the quality is actually on par with my old ($250) pair of astros. They feel sturdy and well made. They’re very comfortable and not too heavy. I must admit it is a bit bulky, it doesn’t bother me, but I could see it being an issue for others. Also the sound quality is better than I expected, it’s not insane or anything but definitely good enough for me. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good quality headset while not trying to spend a lot of money.
Very nice quality headset. Ear pads are soft and comfortable. The only thing that I can complain about is that the volume wheel will adjust when it rubs against my shirt. I placed a small piece of Scotch tape on one side and now it works great. Well call it a mod. 
These are the best head phones I’ve ever owned
New headset to replace a worn out set.  Better than I expected.
They’re amazing but just that they don’t have high volume for some reason. I suppose the max volume is adequate, but inconvenient not to have the option to go higher nonetheless.
I really enjoy the retractble mic.
Son loves them
Works great grandson used them everyday.
This is one of the best headsets Ive bought for sure very high quality.
Son loved these! Perfect for our teenage son.
Music, Gaming, and Videos sound amazing on this headset. Only problem is the noise bleed into the mic when you get to higher volumes.
Great sound!
The only reason why it isn’t 5 stars is the microphone echos! Haven’t figured out how to fix that. But everything else is great
Conclusion:  Happy so far after fairly heavy use for 6 weeks - just hope they prove durable in the long term. Details: Very pleased with these. After going through a number of cheap xbox one headsets, that all gave issues (bad sound, very uncomfortable, cables going faulty quickly), I decided to spend a bit more and see how it goes. Im very pleased with how comfortable they are - great cushioning, and design. Sound quality seems good, and my son wants to use them all the time as he says he "doesnt sound like a squeaker" when he uses them... Pros / Cons:   + Very comfortable band - good cushioning, no hard plastic pushing onto my skull   + Good ear cups - big enough to enclose my ears comfortably (previous headset made my ears ache after a bit)   + Easy to use mute button and volume control   + Great sound quality   - Cable is wired into headset, rather than also plugging into it too - so no easy cable replacement if it goes faulty   - My son likes these so much he wants his own set now too
My son loves this headphone since it doesn’t hurt his ears with large and soft ear pads. It is large, that means it doesn’t touch the ears as it happens with the other headphones, so you can use them as long as you want. It will not bother you. And he also loves the sound quality. We never regretted choosing razor.
Light enough not to be irritating, mic works just fine, cool volume adjustment on chord. Nothing Uber professional or high quality bass amplified sort of system but gets the job done.
I bought the overwatch headset and it is trash.. plastic.. just belongs in a landfill. anyway these cost less on sale but even if not you get what you pay for kinda sucks that this quality isnt on the promotional items it seems
I bought these because my $75 turtle beaches cracked on the plastic by the ear muffs. I took good care of them and They still wrapped out on me. The Krakens are absolutely amazing in regards to build quality. No cheap plastic holding by the ear muffs. The sound quality is pretty good and the mic quality is great for voice comms. The only thing i miss from the turtle beaches was the bass boost but these Krakens are miles better in every way.
I love the Kraken Pro V2 headset. Bought mine at Best Buy for $49 after reward zone points and couldnt be happier.  The aluminum frame is lightweight yet seems like it will be very durable.  The oval ear pads are super comfy for extended playing sessions.  Im thinking about buying the cooling gel earpads from Razer but still undecided as the stock pads are just so nice.  The microphone is crystal clear and I love that it retracts when not in use. The braided cable is great as it doesnt get all tangled up like some rubber cables do. Like the headset so much that I now own two pair....the black and Pew Die Pie version.
Love the sound on these and they are very comfortable to use, the microphone is good and very easy to slot it back inside.
This headset is awesome, Mic is sensitive enough it picks up voice easily but doesnt pick up a bunch of background noise. I have worn it for multiple hours and it is extremely comfortable. The mic stows away inside the ear piece so i can just use them as headphones and not look weird. Absolutely loving this headset. Well worth it
These are probably one of the best deals for gaming headphones. Works great for my XBOX One.
This headset works great for entry level into gaming headsets. In the past I used the headsets with one earpiece, and a MIC to chat with friends and listen to the sound through my TV speakers. This has been a nice upgrade for PUBG and Fortnite on xbox one x! I recommend this product.
good
Excellent for the price so good  10/10
Could not be happier with them. The oval earcups fit better then most headphones. If you are looking it upgrade some old Krakens these are the ones to get.
Great product
These were given to my 10 year old son who is just getting into gaming and Fortnite. He absolutely loves them and said theyre super comfortable. I tried them on as well and have to say they are really soft and fit really well on both of us. Sound quality is good and the material feels durable and like it will last.
I was told from my friend that they were very comfortable and reliable and so far they are both. A little bit of a pain to setup (at least for me). Also it told me 3 days shipping but came next morning :D
Nice product.. the sound is ok...but after more than 2 hours wearing the headphones your ears would start hurting.
Works wonderfully! My son loves it
Exactly as advertised. My son loved them and is soooo happy with them.
3.5 connect Its not USB
Amazing
Overall good quality. Good sound but this is my first headset so I don’t know how it compares. A little bulky but they look sleek. After a while they can start to wear on my head/ears. This headset has improved my gaming and music listening experience.
Great headphones, comfortable and lightweight.
Very nice, My son likes them so much!!
The quality is really good, my only issue is the volume wheel on the in line remote doesn’t have a +\- symbol but it doesn’t really bother me anyway.
Got these for my husbands birthday and they seem to hold up pretty well!
I bought this headphone while scanning through all the gaming headphones at various prices. I wasnt my first choice but I had enough issues with Bluetooth headphones compatibility so I went with this. I bought this at the original price of 80$. I still believe you can get better headphones than this at the price. Pros: 1. Nice price during sale. 2. Ear cups are very comfortable. 3. I personally dont feel much of stress gaming with this all day long. I also wear thin bezel glasses. 4. Mic is retractable, so doesnt poke you all the time. 5. Nice and easy in-line control Cons: 1. Sound quality is mediocre, but very fair for this price point.  Remember sound quality is also better on wired headphones and gaming headphones arent specified for great sound. 2. Mic can be better. 3. One side just stopped working after using for a short period of time. Have to return these. 4. Heavy and bulky, but you dont want to bent these even they feel like a tank. 5. Bunch of plastic, but expected at this price.
Husband likes them. I don’t know a thing about gaming accessories but he thinks they are of good quality.
Excellent fit,  great sound and quality, very comfortable and durable. Great for a serious gamer on a lower end budget. Only issue is they give occasional feedback on third party controllers, nothing all the time, just sometimes sounds like you’re speaking through a school loudspeaker. After switching to a 1st party controller, all is well. All in all this is easily the best headset I’ve owned without breaking the bank
10/10
Best headset I ever bought
Super amazing comfortable as heck , hope amazon sends a pair to do review on they are extenly loud & have some hefty bass (50mm drivers )
I rummaged through a lot of $20 headsets on Amazon searching for a decent set for less than $100. I didnt want to settle on some knock off brand that was 75% "looks like an extreme gaming headset" and 25% actual product. I havent bought Razer in the past typically due to price, but I have no regrets for this purchase. $60 is a low price to pay for quality and comfort, and it delivered on both ends. I dont play the most extreme games or even many shooters at all, so Ill talk more on the end of immersion and mic. Sounds are fantastic - you can hear many layers of audio in game, it sounds good and not sad and echoing, and it is great for immersion. I live next to a relatively main road with cars ripping past, and this headset has really helped cut down that extra noise. I love using it even with my glasses. So far, no issues using voice chat and the mic. I had a cheap headset before an no one could ever hear me, and what do you know? Now they can! The retractable mic is really nice as well so you can put it away when you dont need it. If youre in the market, this is fantastic, and over all I would buy this all over again.
Ive had afterglow headphones previously but the took a dump on the floor. I only had this for a short period of time but I love them. Sound is great. Comfortably fits on my head when Im wearing glasses.
Not very loud
A
Excellent
Everything on the headset is very good quality honestly surprised with it
Perfect for gaming and talking with friends on xbox
Bought these for my daughter that is a gamer. She loves them, and says they are very comfortable!!
These headphones are EXTREMELY comfortable and easy to use. The only drawback that they have is that the maximum volume is quite low.
Grandson request.
My favorite headset so far!! I’d love to get the chromas but these work just as well. I use these for rainbow six siege and it’s a game all about details from sound location so I haven’t experienced any problems.
Nice product
Very good sound. TOP product.
Gift for grandson
The sound is what you would expect out of a $50 headset (that’s how much I got mine for). Biggest knock is that when I put them on, the back of my ears has space in between the headset and my head. It doesn’t fit snug around my ear and it feels as though the headset is constantly pushing harder in front of my ear compared to behind my ear.
Very good quality
The day I got it only one ear worked tried on three different pc’s
It’s a very nice headset, if it was wireless it would be perfect but I knew that going in.  Just saying it’s great besides that.  Sounds good, mic works great, very comfortable and durable as hell.  I slammed the hell out of them the other day(PUBG lol) and walked away knowing I broke them.  Nope, still perfect
These actually fit my sizable skull.  The retractable microphone hasnt broken yet despite how harshly I treat it.
Great option for video game enthusiasts.
I love them so much!
I was supposed to buy it brand new but the left ear never worked good.
I bought these for my grandson and he considered them quite an upgrade from the ones he had.
Solid construction, seems a little tinny but thats coming from someone used to expensive headphones usually. Mic quality is pretty good and the material quality and durability seem good so far.
I use this for casual gaming and meets every expectation. Would definitely buy again.
Best headphones for everything
Use on PC and Xbox...great sounds and comfort
Have them a couple of times.  So far they sound great.  it has no echo like the other brand I purchased did.  Very comfortable to wear.  I wish the muf portion (the part that goes over your ear) turned from left to right instead of just adjusting up and down, but that does not detract from the product being very comfortable to wear.
Its so light if you work for a little bit its like youre not wearing it at all.
Just what my son wanted
I like Razer for most of their products and needing to get a headset because my laptops mic had died I went browsing to see what they had.  The Kraken Pro V2 is lightweight it doesnt feel too heavy and the mic picks up sound perfectly.  Im enjoying my weekly talks with friends and just being able to relax. I bought the Kitty ears to go with it and they are adorable making my choice of black Kraken one I do not regret. Its really one of my best buys for this.
My son loves it!
Love it!!!
cheap and good 2 things that match togheter on this product!
Great product. Recommend to anyone.
Very good
good headset
Perfect
They sometimes don’t connect with the ps4, so you have to unplug and replug them until the ps4 recognizes the mic. i’ve been told the mic sounds good but in recordings it sounds kinda robotic or staticky? they have pretty good sound tho. But for the money i’d just say get one that officially works with playstation
They make the headset feel all the better. My only complaint is, unless you fit it perfectly, theres a bit of suction in your ear. Think of a plunger.
These are fantastic. You can hear everything!
Been using them all day today for games like R6 Siege, Cod MWR, etc. Many reviews said these were bass heavy and really loud, in my opinion I dont think they have that much bass as people made it seem (not in a bad way) and even though max volume isnt super loud, the audio is really crisp and clear and can still hear directional footsteps. Overall good headset so far.
So to start off, I have a hearing loss, I wear hearing aids when Im not playing xbox with my headset on. These are some great quality.  It doesnt have a great background noiae cancellation, everyone in my xbox live parties could hear conversations that were happening in different rooms of my home and I have a fan set up in my room so I couldnt always directly have it on me because it picks up the noise of the wind. They have amazing durability, partly being made of metal. Very comfortable especially for those long gaming days. I almost feel like they lost sound quality over time? Ive had them since about September of 2017. All in all great headset but I think the greatest headset I had was the Turtle Beach XO1... The only flaw with those were the durability.
Very comfortable design, Sturdy, Mic is ok. The sound is very heavy with tons of bass. Its immersive.
NICE, BETTER THAN TURTLE BEACH!
Great quality. Very comfortable. I think the only issue is that it could have less weight.
The Best sound and the Mic is super clear.
My sons favorite earphones yet! Excellent sound and superb noise cancellation. Reviewed by wirecutter.com.
Not perfect, but great for the price.  Nice rich sound with a comfortable feel.  They are a little heavy though and tend to make me sweat a bit if i wear them for a couple hours.  Overall, pretty nice a headset
The quality of these are amazing. Mic quality is really good aswell. Adjustability is top notch. The ear cushions are easily replaceable. 10/10 would buy again. And with the kitty ear attachment! It’s heckin adorable.
Tried several of the top rated pairs. Easily the best set for under $100. Very clear mic and I like the slide and hide feature.
clear mic, good sound quality. Gets a little uncomfortable after about an hour, but its no big deal.
Fast shipping and good quality
These headphones are amazing. The sound is insane and nobody can sneak up on me in fortnite. The sound is so crisp my asmr knocks me out but the only problem I have is that the paint on the headphones comes off rather easily. I am super careful with them and I only use them for gaming other than that I keep them safe on the headphone rest.  The little bit of silver under the headphones is growing and I think every time I touch it the spot gets wider. Love the product though cant hate I will have to buy another. Had them for 8 months though. Luckily I have the money. Ill get black next time!
Probably the best headset I’ve ever purchased.
For the price I would give this eheadset 4 out of 5 stars. It is quite comfortable to wear and he audio is pretty nice. If you are looking for a headset within this price range for console, I would recommend this headset. However if you are playing on PC I recommend getting a console with 7.1 surround sound. I have one for my PC and I can tell a. Huge difference. However this is still a good headset on a “budget”z
Very well made. The cushions go around your ears which means that your ears never get sore. The day I got these I wore them for 5 hours straight and felt fine. The headphones are a bit bulky around your ears and your neck, although it feels fine. The speakers are very clean sounding and there is a decent amount of base in the headphones. I use them from my laptop to my phone to my xbox (keep in mind that the controller must have a headphone jack). Overall great buy, worth the money. (Edit) 6 months later I dropped my phone which the headphones were plugged into. The right side of the headphones is completely silent. I damaged the headphone jack. These are great headphones end will work great as long as you don’t damage them.
Great Headphones!  only thing is i wish they would get louder.  otherwise, i love them and will not ever need another pair.
Bought as a spare set for my Kraken.  I verified that they fit (yay), so in the box they sit until I need to replace the originals.
Positives: This headset is perfect for gaming. Very comfortable for long sessions. Build quality is top notch for the price. Bass is deep and punchy, perfect for games or movies with explosions. And you can reliably locate footsteps in shooting games. Negative: There is no voice feedback feature. This makes it hard to know how loud you are talking when chatting. Also when using the headset for music there is more left to be desired in the mids. Bass is great but mid level sounds lack the top end punch. The mids can get lost in the mix.
Sounds great. Love that you can make it surround sound with the Synapse app. These are also very light and comfortable. I got these and returned the Man O War since those were way too big and not comfortable to wear.
I bought a pair from the razer website and I have to say that these are amazing! Incredible comfortable and pleasing to use. I can hear a large range of sound as well as wear it for hours on end without getting hot (I did buy the cool ear cups though), and it doesn’t feel like they suffocate my ears. Overall a great buy and definitely recommend to gamers who want a good solid gaming headset.
I got these headphones about a year ago, and I loved using them at first. While I still used these I switched from Xbox One to PC and these worked better on PC. However, recently my friends informed me on a discord call microphone was cutting out, so I tried unplugging/replugging them and restarting my PC but no such luck. I have to adjust the microphone a lot just to get a decent message through to my teammates.
Great headsets for a PC, 8 year old loves them.
Very good, extremely comfortable, incredible sound, no comments, nothing to complain about :)
Great product!!! Fast shipping!!!
Firstly this headset is so comfortable putting little to no pressure on my head, perfect for long gaming sessions or just listening to music for awhile, and also puts just the right amount of pressure so they feel secure to your head. I gotta say this headset is the also most comfortable headset I ever owned feeling like pillows on my ears. I also got the oval cushions so they wouldnt bother my ears at all since round cushions in general from headsets always bothered my ears. The sound quality seems really good to me allowing myself to enjoy games and music alike being able to immersive myself in either one. The mic also seems good to me also whenever I need to use it for gaming online with friends or talking to people over the phone. Just an awesome, super comfortable headset all around for gaming or music.
My son loves them so much. He uses them for his computer.
Love these headphones their great ../....
Ordered a pair of these and have been using them for about a month. The sound quality is great, theyre comfortable, and the mic is good too. Your head can get a little hot after extended use but thats gonna be true of any headset. Have recommended to friends and would buy again.
My son absolutely loves this product!
These are some of the best headphones I have owned. Theyre way better than anything else in the price range and are great for long sessions due to their comfort. I have had them for six months and when they break if they do I will get more
Did I lot or research on gaming headsets that are compatible with the Xbox one, and the Xbox afterglow controller.  Im not a gaming headset snob, but after owning turtle beach headsets, and looking at their newer models I decided to do something different.  No regrets.
Great headphones, but I would be careful about the headband just make sure not to twist the aluminum headband its not the strongest 
It was perfect great sound and enjoying everything about it thank you!!
Love the head phones  and very comfortable to wear a long gaming sessions
The Sound is the best i tried it on my Ps4 for gaming gives incredible sounds with really nice bass also and verry great quality and got my product just as i expected
Sometimes the mic isnt perfect, but overall, the headset (microphone included), it is fantastic and just what I needed. The cord it comes with isnt the longest, but that is the cord that plugs into phones. It also comes with a longer cord that it plugs into with separate microphone and speaker cable ends. I only eve need it to be a long cable when it plugs into my computer, so it works perfectly for me. The mic can be a touch too sensitive (hence the -1 star) but it might be fixable with clever setting changes. It has a slight robotic sound when I use the "listen" setting in properties. The audio quality is great, and the headset, although bulky, is comfortable and fits on my head on the smaller settings. (I dont have a big head, so I must assume that it fits on people with substantially larger heads on the larger settings...roughly 3 inches adjustment on each side).
I really like these. Good price point has good sound. I don’t use the mic on them so i don’t know about that. Super comfortable and feels like good quality.
Got this on sale and made a great Christmas preset for my long time friend
its a decent pair of headphones great for gaming for long periods would recommend
Been using them for 1.5 months with my xbox and computer great quality for the price and theyre pretty comfortable!
Exactly what I wanted
Theyre pretty good, and they would work for most peoples needs.
Use them for everything
Perfect at everything
I bought this headset after my old Razer Kraken got its cord chewed up by my cat. First things first, the cord is made of that fabricy material, which is way more durable (and not as appealing to my cat!). I had the old Kraken so I can comfortably compare the two. The audio in the V2 is way crisper, and the mic seems to be better quality. The most important thing Ive noticed so far is that this set is WAY comfier than the V1. I wear glasses, so after wearing the old set for a few hours my ears would start to pinch. The old set was also way heavier, so it would press down on the top of my head as well. I have had no issues with the V2, its as light as a cloud and I could wear it for the entire day without discomfort.  I would definitely recommend this headset to anyone looking to buy one.
I have to say this headset was a big upgrade over my old Sennheiser. Mind you, my Sennheiser was old. I had been using it for 8+ years and it still worked so I couldnt get myself to upgrade my headset. When the microphone finally broke I knew it was time. The Razor I chose partially because the reviews were positive, and partially because Razor is known for their gaming products. I wanted around the ear cups, and the feature of the microphone sliding in and our seemed ideal. So I took a chance and ordered the Razor Kraken. So here is where it gets a bit funny. As I walked out of my house a few days later I saw the mailman driving up my road. He pulled in front of my house and stopped. Que the usual mailman looking through packages/mail. He then pulled out my Razor Kraken, which I noted was not wrapped in anything other then the box the headset normally comes in. No amazon box, no large bubble wrap envelope. Just the black and green cardboard of the Razor packaging. And then the mailman asks if the headset was for me, a positive answer leads to questions about which games we both play, and what I think about the headset I have yet to actually use. I have never had a conversation with the USPS mailman ever before, so this was a bit odd. Anyway he eventually leaves and I turn my attention to my new Razor Kraken box which as he drives away I notice that the tape of the seal looks like it has been taken off and reapplied. A quick opening and inspection notes that the product has been opened before it arrived at my house. And then it all clicks, that dude tried on my headset and then just asked me about it! Needless to say the headset is excellent. The sound quality is excellent, it is comfortable, and the microphone retracting is super awesome. My old microphone broke because it was exterior and eventually received to much abuse. There is only one thing that sometimes irritate me about the headset and that is the volume adjustment on the cord. Basically the volume wheel is accessible on both side of the housing meaning that if the wire turns over you could go from adjusting the volume up to down without realizing it. There is also no indication and what is up or down for volume so before the game starts I find myself rolling the wheel up and down trying to figure out if the volume adjustment if set to off, or if the game is not sending sound for another reason.  It is a minor issue but I think a place where the Razor Kraken could have been designed better. All in all I love this headset and would purchase it again someday if this one ever breaks.
Amazing sound isolating and sound production
PSA! READ BEFORE BUY! If purchasing Chroma be aware that it is only available as the USB connection which is NOT COMPATIBLE with Xbox. Make sure the top name of the itme says ANALOG or it will not come with the 3.5 mm jack required for Xbox. Im an Xbox person so I cant say the same for PS4 but if you get the Chroma edition its PC exclusives. Be careful when ordering.
I bought these headphones from wallmart, and the only thing that was bad is the only color they had was neon green. But there is nothing wrong whatsoever, gamesound is perfect, I use it on my Xbox and on my PC. 100% worth the buy
Husband loves!
They are fantastic headphones. They sound superb. Very dynamic sound. They worked on all my PlayStation 4 games perfectly. However, when I used them on my Xbox One, it would frenquently distort and cut out briefly, like a crackling, when I played with games. Quite unfortunate because my preferred console to play is Xbox One. Watch out for this as it really affects the gameplay on game such as Rainbow Six: Siege or PUBG.
My teenager loves this headset.
They are great headphones for personal or gaming. Im actually using them while writing this review.
Amazing
Great value for gaming, sounds good and the mic works well. Does not offer real noise cancellation. The only downside is the ear cups are huge and look a bit silly, but I dont wear these out and about so it doesnt matter.
I love it and I’m keeping it forever
Very comfortable, crystal clear audio. Won’t get uncomfortable after hours of gaming.
Tired of replacing these. But I think I finally have a solid pair
These are great.  My husband loves them and the oval ears work for him much better than the round.  They are pretty noise cancelling too.
Using them with my Scuf and the sound clarity and volume is superb as well as the fit & comfort of the headphones.
Super comfortable and fit perfectly (I am a small female), good at blocking out noise and has great sound quality. Oval much more comfortable than circle ( I can game without having to take my earings out.)
I bought these a few months back and came back to buy another as a gift for my friend who also loves them. I wear glasses and it doesnt hurt my ears even after long hours. Sound seems pretty good for the price. Get the oval if you have slightly larger ears.
The product is wonderful. Flexibility, comfort and both material and sound is high quality. The bass is something to get used in time but it is very good. Oval ear cushions definitely worth it. My ears comletely covered and finally my glasses is not pressured by a headset. Go with oval if you are using glasses like me. Im using it on my Ps4 Pro. I must indicate one point; if you are thinking to connect this headset to dualshock 4 then you will be getting around 70-80% performance of it. But mic will be working. I plug into my logitech z533s control pod, which is connected to the Ps4 hdmi audio output on my monitor, on my desk and it is perfect 100% performance. But mic doesnt work that way naturally. Just keep this in mind. I dropped 1 Star because the shipment has arrived 1 month later after the ordering. I am from another country, yes but all of my other shipments have arrived in generally 2 weeks. But  still it was worth to wait. If you have much more money to spend you can go with Hyperx Revolver S model since it has surround 7.1 that works with ps4.
Very good headset.
Quality
Very comfortable headset. The sound is nice, and Ive been told that my gaming friends can hear me really clearly. To note, I got the oval ear cushions, and they are over the ear style for me instead of sitting on my ears. I also wear glasses, and this headset doesnt cause soreness due to that. So far, its definitely been worth the purchase.
Excellent product for the money. My ears are long so the oval ear cushions are a lot more comfortable than the round ones (I tried the round ones first). The sound quality is good and so is the microphone.
Good
The sound quality is fantastic (I use them to watch shows on the XBOX when other members of the household are sleeping), and the noise cancellation works really well too - so well that he cant hear me talking to him when hes using them!
Sound quality is really good and its a very sturdy setup but doesnt sacrifice comfort. The only thing I wish it came with is a clip for the volume control since its easy to change the volume inadvertently.
The gaming headset is for my teenage son and he highly recommends this product for gaming needs.
Perfect for gaming and listening to music with out being bothered by people
Lately Ive been getting some crackling and distortion noise in louder scenes when playing shooters. However when I turn the volume down this seems to go away. If it persists Ill end up using my protection plan I purchased and end up just getting another pair. When theres no crackle, however, the audio quality is great. Not too bassy, which is good for gaming, imo. Mic quality is a lot better than I expected. Far exceeded my gaming buddy and Is expectations. Noise cancelation is damn near nonexistent.
Super recomendable! Son lo maximo! Llevo con ellos un tiempo y me funcionan al 100%
Great sound for the money! They are a big heavy, but they work great.
Not one thing I don’t like about it
Fits nice and doesn’t look aggressive
Anazing for gaming, sound quality and noise cancelation... only thing it smells bad after a while... maybe sweat builds up. Although he disinfects it often.
Works great. My kid can never hear me yell at him to go to bed.
Husband loves it he uses it all the time the noise cancellation is so good on it he has to take them off to hear someone calling him lol
Excellent product
Great for gaming.
the headphones sound very good, the are bigger than i expected but the are very comfortable, your head gets used to the size very quick, the volume and mute switch is very convenient, very good purchase.
Great headphones. My son loves them
It’s like the picture. It disconnects you from outside noise. I don’t use it for games, I use it at work.. to get concentrate better. It comes with 2 more cables, one to extend it and the other one to use it for computers when it requires separated inputs for mic and headset.
I have bought multiple headsets for gaming that failed to produce. This product is great for under a $100. The quality is great and the sound is perfect. I would recommend these to anyone seeking a high quality sound under budget.
I am not very gentle with them, and they dont show many scratches or dings in the metal frame. They are comfortable, but after a long session they can get noticeable if you have long hair (when I say long session Im talking about 5+ hours). I am slightly nervous about the non-removable cord getting a short, but so far there have no issues with it at all. The sound quality is soooooo nice. Compared to my old headphones, which are Skullcandy Crushers (not the new ones), these are like two angels on either side of the head singing beautiful melodies, or telling me where enemies are that I can shoot in the face.
great for first person shooters
I freaking love this headset! I purposely bought the cheaper, 3.5mm connection one because I can easily switch between my Xbox controller and PC, or even mobile device or Laptop. The ear cups are freaking enormous. I stand around 63" and am a very big person in general, but even so this headset engulfs my ears (note, I chose the oval ear cups (worth it)). The sound quality is great! Ive used a great many higher end headsets/headphones and while this doesnt sound as good, its as close as youll get for the price. Actually, its still  better than any $150 headset Ive tried, and better than some $200 ones. The built quality is amazing. Its made of metal, which makes it feel premium, and it is extremely light. My friends tell me that the mic sounds perfectly clear. There are a few shortcomings however- The padding up top is pretty thin, and made my head heard very quickly. I solved that with a strip of black memory foam and some electric tape and it looks and feels great now. My only other quarrel is with the cable. Its nylon braided and very strong, however, it is pretty thin and should this headset every break, thats where itll happen. The cable is also hard wired in, so you wouldnt be able to detach it. Regardless of these flaws, this headset is still the best bang-for-your-buck headset I have EVER seen. Buy it. You wont regret it.
Amazing quality headphones for the price. These headphones are very comfortable and very good for long sessions of gaming, listening to music, etc. The headphones sound amazing and have great highs and very deep lows. The microphone is also good sounding. The headphones Ive received are the Razer Kraken Pros V2 (Oval Ear Cushion). I would recommend these for anything. The oval ear cushion is much better than the round ear cushion but you can swap the cushions to which you prefer. Another thing I would recommend are the Razer Kraken Pro V2 7.1 USB. The 7.1 is much better for gaming but these regular Kraken Pros are still very, very good.
Ok so they are quite possibly the most comfortable headset ever made, but dont go for this analog headset if you plan on using this for ps4, because the power and sound quality coming from the controller is just not enough. You need the USB powered version, then youre set! Oh and do make sure to get the oval ear cups too, they make all the difference!
These are very good pair of gaming headphones that sell for around 50$ and for that price i feel as if its worth every penny. The sound quality while not wanting to use it for music works awesome on gaming and movie watching. The headsets cups are very wide and open for the largest of ears. These being open back headphones means you have to be in a quite place with no one around you unless you want them hearing everything your listening to. The headset is light enough to not hurt while wearing. The microphone on the headset is excellent, other people in my discord call can hear me perfectly and the noise cancellation on the mic means they cant hear the background noises in my room. The microphone is also bendable which is always a plus. The cable of the headset contains the mute switch along with a volume slider. Overall these headphones are good for gaming and movie watching and would recommend to my friends but cant because they already have a pair.
Had these for a while now and the sound is overall great feels great to not too heavy, cancels out noise great. Would definitely buy again. 
This headset is comfortable and completely goes over the ears.  The bass is slightly lacking, but the overall quality is compatible to much more expensive headsets!
Very comfortable, awesome looking, and great for gaming, or for anything else you need for the headphone, I love it, and if I need to buy another for another color I would defensively buy again  I highly recommend it for anyone 
Overall, great gaming headset. I bought it for my Xbox One. I was switching from a pair of wireless Razer Man O Wars I had used on my PS4, but wanted something that would work for both. I thought sound quality was good, but not good as the Man O Wars I had. I had expected at the lower cost this would happen, but the biggest set back was just how loud it could get. Even with max setting on the Xbox for sound to headset. These just didnt have the same rattle your head and make your ears melt in intense gameplay or scenes like the Man O Wars did. However, for the price point the build quality is great, it looks sweet, its comfortable and the sound quality is good as well. Would recommend!
Nice stuff.  For games, a great option for this money.
I bought these for gaming purposes several months ago while they were on sale. I definitely like the Krakens on physical grounds, namely that they fit well and snugly, and, due to the heavy design, block out a good amount of external sound. I cant really judge the microphone quality, since I dont really have much to compare it to. Its just all right. Cant say Ive heard better, nor have I heard worse. It wouldnt be fair to judge them on that count. My only real issue with the Kraken Pros is the sound quality off the bat. Its not all that bad, but it took a fair amount of fiddling with the equalizer to straighten out the somewhat muddy sound. Then again, its likely that my ears werent quite used to them. Several months later, though, Im accustomed to the headphones. Are they good? I suppose. Are they bad? No, not really. Maybe they werent quite to my taste, but Im not at all disappointed. If youre interested in buying Razer Kraken Pros, go ahead.
Use for gaming on ps4 sound great and is comfortable
Its amazing just buy it already you know you want to
I liked the build quality and the sound quality, how ever is not fully noise canceling but it makes a pretty good job canceling the most of the noises Ive been using them for more than a month and they still look as day one, it was a good buy specially when they drop for around 50$
The sound quality on these is great! Noise cancelling works so well that my roommate sits next to me talking while I play and I literally can’t hear a word unless I take one of the headsets off
At first when I put them on, they sounded very weird, but over time, the audio was perfectly fine. The one thing I love about these headphones are how comfy they are. They may be a bit big, but they do the job.
Bf says he loves it
Good
Excellent quality!
my husband loves these
This mic is really good and clear and the audio is good too only problem is it’s kinda too good! Can’t use it without having something over the microphone to stop the wind from my ceiling fan coming in the mic but a little foam object you get on other mics does the job to stop that but can’t really knock off a star for being too good so 5 stars!
Great for gaming very emmersive sound and they block out sound really well
Bought for son
These are perfect for gaming; I havent tried them for taking calls yet. They dont cancel noise as much as the sounds of the game drowns out outside noise if you turn them up loud enough. Very good for the price.
Great sound! If you wear these for long periods of time you may notice soreness on your ears.
When my husband games he can’t hear me at all. I have to pull one off his head to talk to him or text him. THEY WORK SUPER GREAT!
Headphones work really well the sound quality is very good especially for playing fortnite. You can hear the enemy footsteps approaching clearly. Sometimes I will hear my voice echo while I’m talking but people I’m talking to say they hear no echo. I’m it doesn’t happen when talking to everybody just certain people so I don’t know if it has anything to do with the other players headphones. I got them for my son but now I use them all the time. I can’t say enough about the sound quality, it’s so clear talking and game sounds. Really like them especially for that price. This product was also listed as the top quality headphones to get under 100$ at Toms list (if memory serves) of 2018.
These bad boys help me shoot the enemy team, through walls. You can hear every step, which direction it is and with some practice you can gauge distance as well. Great product, comfortable to wear, large cups cancel background noise and still dont make my ears feel squished. You can always buy upgraded ear cups as well made of cooling memory foam, which only makes these things better! 6\5 stars, great job Razer!
And for that reason, they deserve a 5-star review!
