After about a month I noticed the sound in the right ear wasnt as loud or sometimes there was no sound at all in the middle of a game. I bought the 4 year warranty but when I reached out to have them replace the headset I never got a response. Wish I could return the product. Useless. Had to buy a better one. Would not recommend.
The Kraken pros are okay. However honestly I am not very pleased. I find after wearing them for a long period they become more and more uncomfortable. I find myself having to lift them off my ears numerous times in a sitting as it feels they are bruising or as if someone is pinching my ears.
Well, I cant hear you because this headset is the biggest trash of all trash.  Volume is very low you are better off with earbuds and you cannot mix the volume between sound and chat.
These headsets are great and everything, but I purchased this one from Amazon because the product description says “comptible with Xbox One.” It is not compatible unless you spend another $70 on a controller adapter.
the sound quality is absolute garbage for the ps4 and pc is even worse. my outdated ipod ear buds sound better if that says anything. save the cash and look into something else. now i just have a giant paper weight thanks razer
I used this headset as a gaming one with my computer. I had a hard time setting it up to begin with but it worked just fine for almost 3 months before everyone could hear what I was watching but I couldn’t hear it. It is just dead silent for no reason. I have no kids or anything that would cause a ton of wear and tear. Also my headset stays at my desktop. They just stopped working.
Hey I got the headphones and I hear them very well But theres a problem with the microphone Im talking to friends who say they hear me very weak Whats the solution?
I bought this product and then almost immediately returned it. Despite the product being labeled as compatible with Xbox, thats only true with the purchase of an expensive adapter that, depending on which one you go with, can more than double the total price of the headset. There wasnt any mention of that in the product details, although after the fact I found a couple of mentions in the reviews. Faced with the change in total cost, it didnt make any sense to me to stick with this headset, so I returned it and went with a higher end option from another company that actually just works with Xbox.
I dont normally write reviews but Im doing so as a warning for anybody interested in buying a high-end headset for gaming. Never, EVER buy a headset with inline controls. I have gone through about ten headsets over a decade, and each one has broken precisely because of an issue relating to the inline controls. Whenever I buy the same exact headset as a replacement, it eventually breaks the same exact  way as the previous one--inline controls mess up the audio channels or mic quality completely. This headset is no exception. Ive been using it for the better half of two years, and once again the mic is completely unusable due to inline controls. Im not rough with my headsets, and Ive actually become more gentle with them due to the nature of my reoccurring problem. Regardless, the glue holding the inline controls together came lose, allowing the wires to rattle inside and caused an uncorrectable wiring problem, rendering the headset useless. I want to give this headset a good review due to its comfort and quality, but I cant do so in good conscious knowing that it comes with a "feature" which, if I were more cynical, would say causes a planned obsolescence within a year or two. Never buy a headset with inline controls, and if youre a company who specializes in making headsets, stop adding inline controls to your products.
dont waste your money your better off using a guitar hero mic
The Left headphone is already buzzing and cracking
Good sound quality and comfortable fit;  however the retractable microphone is very poorly isolated from the headphones.  What you hear gets fed right back into the mic. Touching ot adjusting the headset is noisy as well. Unfortunately, these are going back.
The left earphone seems alot quieter for some reason which is a shame. I tried on my laptop and desktop, and if you plug it in half a dozen times and go into the sound properties & balance them yourself you can make it work. But aint nobody got TIME fo that
These are terrible I bought them to use with my laptop but the laptop didnt have 2 3.5 mm plugs for them so I had to buy an adapter but even then the microphone was still terrible and the sound went in and out not good the quality of the headset is nice but the sound and microphone are terrible
Hello, Im your typical gamer college student, I mainly use these headphones for gaming and listening to music on my spare time, which goes anywhere from 2 to 6 hours a day. Now, first problem with this headset is that its really small, like I have a pretty normal head size, Im 511 and weigh around 155lbs, and these headsets just feel uncomfortable after extended use as its just pushing up against the top of my head. Second, half the time I plug these headphones into my laptop, it doesnt even register that its plugged in, which causes the sound to come out of both my PC and my headset, which is really darn annoying because I mainly use these in the public library of my University, and its one heck of a bother when the sound is coming out of the laptop. Lastly, Id like to point out that these headphones feel a bit tight and uneasy on the head, like after a few hours of use I feel as if my head is getting decomposed into a cucumber.
These headphones are really cool to say the least. They have the best ear padding in any headset I’ve ever used. The only thing holding these bad boys is the sound leaks out a bit. Also these are way too heavy from what I thought. I was looking for an upgrade from my previous headset by turtle beach which was alright just needed better padding because my ears would hurt. Now the top of my head hurts a lot. these are really heavy so I really just payed to move the pain somewhere else. I might return if pain is too much. Razer please make these a bit lighter next time or some padding on the headband. These weigh like 5 pounds. The Mic is enough no complaints just maybe don’t put it too close to your mouth. It’s clear and I have a yeti so too me it’s not a replacement. Anyways if you have a light headset and you get these then be prepared for a little pain. Alright so I’ve had these for about maybe 2-3 weeks and I have gotten used to the weight. They are amazing headphones but due to the weight head aches are common
Im a sucker for Razer products, I love their looks and like their peripherals, but after I bought these and tested them out I am now turned off from their headsets entirely. Build quality is great, feels solid and sturdy, the metal on the earcups gives you the sense that its durable enough to survive inevitable headset slams (not say I do personally, but Im sure there are a handful out there who do lol) Where this product fails for me personally, is the audio itself. Out of the box its muddy and flat. Even after downloading Razer Surround, and messing with the EQ settings, I was not impressed with the audio at all. I used to have a pair of hyperx clouds which didnt need much tinkering out of the box, neither did my Sennheiser 37Xs from massdrop. This headset needed it, but even that doesnt save the audio imo.
I use these mostly when Im in my room, working on my PC. I would have liked to use these everywhere, but the lack of any noise cancellation, both for the headphones and microphone, makes that impractical. These also tend to be a little on the quiet side. Aside from those shortcomings, the aound quality is actually very good, and the build quality is amazing; I could wear these for hours without any discomfort.
Rating: - Playback Quality: 4/10 - Mic Quality: 7/10 - Build: 8/10 Description: The cords are nice; splitter is long which is convenient. The headphones themselves are better than plastic. Ear cups are circular and wide; too large for a small head and so sound leaks. The mic itself has compression which is good, however it still picks up my mouse clicks(???) and I sound extremely flat. Worse part is the sound quality. One word: flat as hell. Okay three words. Not worth 60USD I got it for(on sale?). Most of my other 20USD headphones playback sounds way better than this, clearer, more bass, just overall better. This is just flat.
While playing games with another player or party they can hear themselves echo. This also was not very loud. Buy a $39 recon for a better buy.
Hard to adjust volume up and down
Sounded great with music, like really great, but as soon as I played fortnite the sound effects sounded like a tin can, even when I watched a fortnite video the commentators voice sounded fine but the gameplay sounded awful, I dont get it, but really good quality mic for the price.
I purchased for my son 6 months ago and quickly it started having issues with the Jack and sound being scratchy to other gamers. Today the javk broke off completely and left the product useless. Would not recommend!
We bought these headphones as a Christmas gift thinking we were getting a durable product for our grandson. After 3 months of use, the mic stopped working.
Got a deal on them they worked great, worthy of 4 out of 5 stars for value and quality. The only con I could ever find was mic bleed on very rare occasions. Why I rated it so low: Despite reading several mixed reviews I picked this headset up on a whim when it went on sale for 59.99. The headset lasted about 2 months before the volume control housing broke off and the mute toggle no lo ger functioned. Contacted razer only to be told my 2 month old device was only covered 2 years under the limited warrenty for "functional failures" (I kinda though the ability to mute and invite was a function of the device). Regardless Razer said the device wasnt covered. I offered to pay to have the device sent in for repair or for a repair part be sent to me for a fix. The rep advised that they couldnt repair the item nor offer any parts and suggested I glue it with superglue... After a lengthy conversation with an Amazon rep they basically said that since the product was "under warrenty" and outside the 30 day return limit there was nothing they could do. Considering I got it for a steal I wasnt too worried needless to say I went with another brand following my experience for its replacment.
Constant crackling and flickering has become unbearable. This is barely 3 months old but it was behaving this way very soon after purchase. Really dont know what to say, as sometimes it works without amy issue. However the crackling and skipping is much more notable and I can barely stand to use these. Waste of money.
I did a good amount of research before settling on these, I have good USB headphones for my PC but needed a set with a 3.5 input for my Xbox so I didnt have to stream Xbox to PC.  The sound is good and clear on these but they arent that loud, the max volume is about where I play at.  I could live with that as I rarely use Xbox for music/media but they also give feedback which is a huge issue.  I have to turn them down to 2/3 volume, which is too quiet for me to hear well or else anyone Im in Xbox party chat gets feedback.  That is, they hear themselves repeated through my mic.  I should add Im an experienced user and have tried adjusting every possible setting to eliminate the feedback.  Nothing works and they are unusable unless I am playing a 1-player game or want everyone I play with to hate me.  I am now deciding between rolling the dice on another budget pick or buying an expensive pair that I know will work. If you are trying to figure out how to tell if there is feedback and whos responsible, watch the indicators on your screen that show who is talking.  If a players headphones are giving feedback you will see their name pop up whenever someone else is talking even if they are not.  Thats how you know.
My son can’t get them to work with his PlayStation pro. It’s a shame because it says they are compatible
Sound quality was the only positive. The audio 3.5mm connector that plugs into the headphone jack came apart after six weeks from purchase date of light-normal use.
I own this wired headset as well as Man O War wireless. Both have fallen apart after about a year. Neither have had a lot of use either. Thankfully my wireless was under warranty still and was replaced without much hassle. The volume control on this headset started flaking out on me a week after warranty expired. Its very sensitive, and one side of headphone will cutout with just a bump of the volume knob, and at times depending on where the volume knob is can get static. I am tempted to just cut and splice the wires myself and forego the volume control and mic mute and use Windows controls only. Its just too bad these things seem like theyre designed to not be real robust beyond the warranty period. Audio quality is average, nothing special. On the positive side these are light and comfortable, so can be worn for a prolonged period without much discomfort.
Mic had to be basically touching my mouth for people to hear me. The sound wasnt too bad in the ear cups. I couldnt get over the microphone though so I had to return it.
Bought these headphones and they had major connectivity issues, headphones would stop working for no reason. One side of the headphones would pop off randomly. They are comfy though and easy to use.
This is not compatible for Xbox 1. Does not come with controller adapter needed. DO NOT BUY FOR XBOX 1.
We purchased this headset at Christmas for our grandson. Its now 6 weeks later and its useless. We bought this one based on the reviews and were very disappointed. I contacted Razer support 3 times and that, too, was useless. Buyers beware.
Sounds like crap. There is no bass and the mic is way too sensitive. Trust me, this headset is garbage
For all the hype about these I thought they would sound decent but they really are horrible quality (for the Xbox at least) maybe they sound better on PC but for Xbox these are awful
This is advertised attractively as a universal headset (ie compatible with computers and all current gaming consoles) This is NOT ACCURATE. To use this on a gaming console as anything other than an extremely bulky microphone attached to earmuffs you need to buy an adapter. This means without extra $$ you will NOT be able to use this fully with your system.
I had to replace my old broken headset so I bought this. Came in nice and neat inside Razer box(per usual I assume). Going to the speakers first, great sound quality, however theres no built in surround sound(unless you install Razer Surround, and even that doesnt have the headset in the program). Great for everything else though. The mic I was very disappointed with because its super quiet. I did a Skype sound test and it sounded like I was being muffled behind a pillow like 10 miles away. Best thing to do is to configure the mic settings in sound settings for your pc, then youll sound louder. Id probs look for something else if what I just described isnt what you want.
Anytime I was in a party there was a echo everytime I talked, I even tried different controllers with the same result. Save your money and buy a nice pair before looking at these
Great product until the right ear quit working. Razer website is a train wreck. Would just like to get a replacement since we just bought in July
I loved these headphones, they were the best. Unfortunately I got a faulty pair, they worked great for about a month then the connecting cord started falling out of the earphones so the quality got bad and eventually stopped working completely.
You need a stereo adapter for use on Xbox. Not bad though
The sound quality and everything about this headset is great but the only downside to me is after playing for a long time my ears hurt. Especially the part around my ears. These headphones give a lot of pressure on your head and it gets uncomfortable after a while.
First off the sound is really good for these, the weight feels nice and hugs my ears well. Downside the volume rocker wheel broke after less than 20 uses over 2 months. this makes adjusting the volume very difficult as you have to play with it to get it to work there is no stop or start point the wheel just spins freely.
Build quality seemed nice but both speaker and mic sound quality is poor.  Used this on my PS4 and had game sound balance down so far to try and hear chat that it useless to even have the game sound on.  Even then it seemed that chat was not very clear.
Huge let down. The sound quality is very bad. There was a cracking in the background that took a while to resolve. And the Mic is over sensitive, and picks up game sounds. Even after doing sound adjustments, sound is bad, and Mic still picks everything up from the headset. Spent 3 hours adjusting sound levels for me to get premium sound in a game, and still not even close to a pair of $25.00 headphones that gave better sound.
sound was fine but mic would have a lot of white noise/static. my friends would also hear themselves/my desktop sounds every now and then too. idk what happened but one day the mic was making weird loud noises where my friends had to even mute me.  when that happened, id hear static every time i gently touched the cord so i ended up unplugging it. also the ear cushion kept coming off for me. {i took it off to get the serial number but it kept twisting off afterwards :^) )
Spent 25 minutes on the phone trouble shooting, but after having these for 2 months, the voice mic does not work anymore. If you have a PS4 and play fortnite, this will not work until they fix a software issue.
Very, very, dissapointed. I play a lot online and stream on Xbox One with other players and I get a very annoying feedback / echo. Everyone hates playing with me, even when I mute myself it still picks up sounds. I want my money back so I’m working on that. BE WARNED!! And yes, I’ve adjusted EVERY sound setting you can think of. I’m not the only one, read more reviews.
I got these for my wife for Christmas.  She loved the way they felt and sounded, but its not even a month later and the left speaker no longer works.  Total junk.
Physically this headset looks and feels great. Speaker quality is similar to turtle beach recon 50x. Sound was like people were talking through a tin can on xbox. Maybe it was just the headset I got or maybe its just how they are. I like that they are wired and dont need charging like the turtle beach stealth 300. Charging a wired set baffles me. Was really hoping for better sound quality.  I am just sticking with whats left my turtle beach XO Ones.
The headset itself is well built (albeit, a little big). While there are nice features, the actual sound that comes out of this is flat.
Purchased this headset for my sons gaming and its broken (poor sound quality, microphone no longer working) inside a month.
This headset works GREAT for a couple of months. Then the mic will stop working. Do not waste your money on this headset. Razer Tech Support offers no help either.
As some buyers have said, you need a special adapter for this to work on your controller even though the new xbox one controllers have a 3.5MM jack. Razer does not provide one and the Xbox one is listed for $89.00 with others a tad cheaper. If you are purchasing this for a xbox I would look to other Razer headsets that are geared for xbox. I do have to admit, this is the most comfortable headset that i have used and conversations sound geat if used for phone conversations. Amazon needs to take off that they are compatable with xbox or place a asterisk stating that a adapter is needed. The literature with the headset has a asterisk stating that it may need a adapter but should be must need a adapter to work.
After three months one ear phone does not work. Tried several phone calls tocompany and can’t seem to reach someone about returning.  Know that there’s a mfg warranty on item
The change to this ones from the plastic belt version was great, but the voice quality is horrible, i get it two months ago and one of the ears dont work anymore...
I purchased these from Best Buy but felt compelled to write a review here. Within 6 hours I’ve returned them. When I got home and set it up, whenever an audio signal would hit the cable I’d get a “hum”. I tried with and without the adapter, across multiple devices, and the behavior persisted. Additionally, these don’t fit as good as the Kraken v1 Chroma did. The earcups sit on the ear, rather than over it. It leaves a lot of room for noise to trickle in. The audio that I could hear over the hum sounded flat. Spend the extra $20 and get the 7.1. You won’t be sorry.
Feel sturdy and well made. The audio quality and sound signature are absolutely horrid however. Very bass heavy and just an overall muffled listening experience.
Estoy disconforme ya que en la publicación dice que es un Razer Kraken chroma 7.1 pero en realidad me enviaron un Razer Kraken Pro V2. Estos auriculares estan en perfectas condiciones pero yo pagué por otro producto. Sinceramente quiero que se pongan en contacto conmigo a través del mail que se encuentra en mi perfil.
Now dont get me wrong these are a nice step up from my previous headset however mic wise, theyre ehhh...  so I use these for Xbox specifically, and my biggest downfall with these are theyre way too sensitive. These pick up every single noise and I honestly can barely tolerate when people could hesr my fan with my previous mic so theese are kind of disappointing. I mean I would even have my mic muted, fully tucked away, and somehow my mic would go off as if noise was coming through which would usually prompt other players to bug me till I actually get on mic. Its really annoying and puts me off of talking to people all together which sucks, so I might have to look into another headset since I play a lot of multiplayer stuff, but if you just want these to play games alone I say go for it.
Product microphone died within 30 days - relatively light user.
I purchased these at a local Staples about 5 months ago for $79.99. Heres what I think of them so far: - The head band padding is almost none existent causing the band to dig into my skull causing a significant amount of soreness early on but eventually leading to headaches on longer sessions. - The ear padding is narrow so a considerable amount of your ear is just smashed underneath the padding eventually causing soreness. - After 3 months the left earphone cuts in and out when you slightly twist the wire near the mute switch i.e. when youre grabbing the switch to turn it on or off. Picks up background noise e.g. Fan and/or A/C unit. This is from using the headset for 2- 5 hour sessions.
Sound is very good but all my friends hear an echo when they talk. I constantly have to be muting my mic. Part 2 (2 days later) Echo is still here and now I cant hear my xbox live party!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK PLEASE! PART 3 I CANT MUTE MY MIC!!!! WORST HEADSET EVER!!!! My savings went into this!!!
Read the reviews and my son  decided to try this wired version as he was having difficulty with wireless headphones. He said these were very cheap feeling and the sound was awful. Crackled and awful.
I would not get these headphones after discovering that the audio coming out of the headphones go into the microphone, somehow. When i was talking to my friend using the mic on the headphones, he said he could hear the music i was listening to, EVEN IF I MUTED THE MIC!!! Not worth buying >:(
Received the package the box is torn and the mic doesn’t work. Total disappointment on Christmas Eve.
If you can get them a good price great product
They only lasted 4 months before the mute button stopped working. Pretty sad for a $70 set of head phones.
If your talking to someone be prepared for them to hear everything you can!!!! this headset shares your audio with whoever is in the call!!!
When you try these headphones on, they don’t seem to fit very good. These headphones don’t cover your ears very well, in the back the headphones expose your ear. Also the quality of these feel cheap, very cheap. But it’s my opinion, and I don’t recommenced these.
Ive only had these for a few days with limited use.  But had some things that needed to be said to warn the next potential buyer.  These headphones come with a present eq thats not flat.  It automatically comes with a ridiculous amount of bass boosting that drowns out all mids and highs.  In order to fix this, I had to register the product, download the Razer synapse program in order for me to adjust the eq.  Turned off bass boost raised the normalization and set it to a flat eq.  I hate virtual surround sound. But with out it turned on these headphones are awful so keep that in mind.  Once this was all done, the headset sounded great for all music and video games. Very detailed sound.  I will give an update once I have more time with them.
The sound is good enough and the mic works well, but the cable is annoying to the point where Ive decided to just keep using my mod mic and audio technicas despite their own set of inconveniences.  The cable, when brushed up against, makes a terrible grating sound in the left ear.  I wouldnt recommend these
It is made out of cheap plastic that feels bad to touch and it doesnt sit to well over your ears, also friends say that the quality was a step down from my last head set, there are better options !!!
Got these for use on raid. No matter the chat program the sound is awful. Sounds like an apache helicopter in the back ground and the voice goes robotic if you say more than two words. Likely will just buy a Mic and separate headphones in the future.
**UPDATE** My headset broke in less than a year of use despite extensive care. I was hoping that one of Razer’s professional-quality headsets would hold up to their fame, but in the way of durability, they sure did not. Old Review: I have a love/hate relationship with these headphones. On one hand, yes- they are very comfortable, very flexible, very well-made, and the 50mm speakers have lots of bass. Also, I like that the headset is compatible with Xbox One. But on the other hand, there a few things that keep me from enjoying this otherwise awesome headset. For one, and this is a huge no-go for me, the headset produces an echo for everyone in my party. Its loud, and theres no way around it. The headset itself can be quite heavy on your head after a few hours of gaming. I wear a baseball cap, which helps a bit. Also, your ears get hot and sweaty even during short sessions of gaming. This is probably due to the material they use for the cups (which is, to be fair, really nice vinyl-like material). To me, it seems that the speakers favor low-end bass tones. The high-end tones are less present, and the mid-range is all but absent. Its a real bummer. Right out of the box, I used Battlefield 1 as a benchmark to test the headset. Most of the time, I had difficulty hearing shots or where Im getting shot at from. Yes, the bass from explosions and the music sounded great- but I would even fire my primary weapon and it would sound muted or like it was being fired from far away. Perhaps the 7.1 surround model of Kraken Pros would suffice for improving the sound quality, but I doubt that it would fix the echo and other problems. I think that this set of headphones is more suitable for listening to bass-heavy music. I have not yet decided if I want to return them.
So I’m looking for new headphones because this one had terrible quality. Everything I read says these are actually pretty good so I’m wondering if I just got unlucky and got a faulty headset. Too late to do anything about it now. Mic sucks and quality sucks.
Why no USB connection?
Not the correct headphones :/
The sound on the mic and on the speakers was low and muffled.  Didnt find an answer on the internet.  Tried the Razer live chat.  Tried talking to someone who didnt really speak english and who didnt know any more than I did. This headset is not compatible with the Razer Synapse software that they make such a big noise about.  I couldnt believe it.  The only adjustments are 2 obscure ones deep in Windows control panel that didnt do anything at all.  Not buying any more Razer equipment.
I ended up purchasing this headset based on reviews and suggestions from friends, and I immediately regretted doing so when I used them for the first time. I have used an older model of Turtle Beach headsets for a few years now, and I needed a new pair. For the price I paid for these headphones, I expected a better quality gaming headset. The sounds were muffled and muddied; nothing sounded clear. I gave it a try on PC and on Xbox and in  both situations the sound quality was poor. Did they work? Absolutely. Were they comfortable? Very. Was the volume control useful? Yes. My only disappointment with the headset was that, as a serious gamer trying to rely on sounds, I had difficulty hearing things with the poor sound quality on this headset and immediately went back to my older Turtle Beaches while I processed a return for these. Comfort: 9/10 Price: 6/10 Sound Quality: 3/10
Sound quality is terrible, lied about the extreme bass. They’re not even better than the current turtle beaches I have. the XO One’s.
Great sound quality and decent mic quality. The main problem with razer headsets in general is that they cut out occasionally and it can get annoying.
After a few months of use, the volume control dial lost its start and stop position. The dial rotates and the volume still adjusts but its hard to find the right setting. Also in some cases the mute switch doesnt work.
I have a love/hate relationship with these headphones. Ive been using them for a little under a year now. Theyre very comfortable. Theres no discomfort even after hours of gaming with glasses on. The quality of sound is great, and Ive had no issue with the cord, plug, or durability of the headphones. The microphone quality is clear enough, but sounds very easily play back from computer applications or videos back into the microphone, which is very annoying to the people youre gaming with. The only way Ive found to combat the issue is to turn my microphone volume very low so its difficult for the sounds to come through, although it still very clearly does when theres any noise slightly louder usual. In turn, I get complaints that I can barely be heard, so thats that. TLDR; Pros: + Sturdy + Comfy + All around decent headset for price point Con: - Microphone issues (Sensitivity/Play back)
This is a good headset, terrible mic. First off, all the audio coming from my headset can be heard through my mic, even if it is muted which is terribly annoying to the other people playing with me. After 7 months of this headset, the mic has stopped working overall. And no, I have not abused this headset. The 7.1 surround sound is good, along with the quality of the sound, but if you do not have a separate mic, DO NOT GET THIS.
The sound and mic are ok, the $40 dollar Logitech they were replacing were better. When using the splitter game audio comes through the mic. I have tried everything from adjusting audio settings, making sure play back is turned off, updating drivers, using the rear and front ports, to trying a different splitter. Nothing has fixed this. I am going to return this and get something different. I had high hopes for this headset, but nothing but disappointment.
Trash
Pretty disappointed actually. I’ve been trying to replace my headphones for a while (since they no longer make my preferred brand) and I thought these would be comparable. The mic monitoring on Xbox is good, I can hear myself loudly but I sound very muffled and it picked up *everything* I was doing. I shouldn’t be able to hear my thumb sticks clicking in my ear when i move back and forth...The first thing I heard in party chat while texting them was “why do you sound weird?” I read a lot of reviews and watched YouTube vids where people said the mic was decent. To me it sounded awful. As headphones they are light weight and nice, as a gaming headset I’ve used better.
Only lasted me 2 months then short circuited. Wont last you long, get a different headset.
Absolute Trash Crapped out a couple months down the line By a pair of Turtle Beaches and never buy this garbage
They sound nice but it has a lot of bleed through
Audio Quality 2/10 - Comfort - 2/10 Purchased and used them for about 2 days before I gave up.  They sound like 15 dollar headphones... Boosted lows and highs and seem to be compressing audio?!?  (i could just be hearing audio compress more because of the boosted lows) I spent about 2 days trying to make these work, but honestly theyre too tight and were causing some pressure issues with my ears. 2 stars for a mic that does indeed work and doesnt sound horrible.
Its an ok set, sounds not all that great. Had many problems with cable (mic giving off feedback)
The microphone stopped working within the first 30 days but I was out of the country and could not contact. The return window is closed, but if there is anything that can be done, please contact so we can sort this out.
The headphone sound quality is acceptable for the price, its also comfortable but i would recommend finding a better microphone to complement it unless you dont mind sounding like a 40s sports newscaster
Nothing worse than mic mute on the cord and not on the headset. The mic mute button was pretty worn after 6 months and started causing a click sound in voice chat every time I muted. Comfortable, but the mic seems to pick up everything. Wouldnt buy it again unfortunately, was a long time razer fan too.
My son spent all his Xmas money to buy so called WONDERFUL headset. Its almost $90.00 and it did not work at all. This is the 2nd Kraken item we have bought and does not work. I hope we call come to terms ? My son deserves his money back or at least another option. Thank you for your time .Sincerely, Angela
It doesnt work with combo plugin of my laptop.mic doesnt work. Frustrating...
Awful headphones. My son takes very good care of his Xbox equipment and these broken after only a few months of use. Not good. Don’t buy!
Its not as good as i would expect but going to get a usb sound card to see if that would do the trick. High Bass but volume doesnt get loud odd combo. Its a shame because its very comfortable and looks amazing but will update review when I get usb sound card.
Sounds is good - but headset eventually hurts my ears and the mic has stopped working because of weak wiring.  I was old these were supposed to be great but Im really disappointed.
Regretting my purchase. The audio quality is good but only after you purchase the Razer Surround which is an additional $20. But the biggest issue Im having is that the microphone picks up stuff Im listening to on my PC and cuts in an out. If I use the mute function on the headphones themself it doesnt always actually mute it either. Itll still cut in and out frequently :/ Ive googled and tried everything to fix it but most just say "Sorry, its the headphones! Its what they do!" Horribly depressed with my purchase :( Will be returning.
I was pretty happy with the headset but there is one huge flaw that is really making it hard to enjoy. The in-line volume control. That thing is so buggy. Touch it wrong and you lose audio from one side. Sometimes it will do an odd feedback noise. Just so many bad things all stemming from that control, or at least thats what it seems.
The warranty runs out quickly on this one and there is probably a reason. This is the second one he bought within a year. I would like to contact someone but am not sure how.
The products box was clearly already opened when i received it meaning it was probably a returned product while i paid for a new one.
Their software sucks and takes over your computer and doesnt install drivers.  Will not purchase from Razer again.
Product came with defect and with out invoice
Razer does a lot of things right in general.  They really dropped the ball here. They claim they are by gamers for gamers but any gamer know cords degrade, break, rip, and strip when used heavily. Instead of following the example of every other mid to high end wired gaming headset Razer decides to use a direct solder wire that is not replacable. "So what?" you maybe thinking, "There are warranties and every other cheap headset out there does that."  Youre right.  But a lot of things can happen to cord that arent covered, pets for one, and this isnt a pair of gas station headphones. The flexibility gained by designing a headset to have a replacable cord is extreme.  Dont like rubber cords, replace it.  Dont have an in-line mute, get a new cord with one. Etc. The sound is decent, not great.  I feel like its low range is badly lacking.  Good to great mids to highs though. Its not terribly comfortable when used over 2 hours and needs constant adjust to avoid irritation. The Mic is really good.  It seems exceptional at picking up only the sound in the immediate area.  The quality is superb as well.  Love the hide away/storage option for it as well. There is a definite durability gained by using the tried and true volume wheel, but Im not sure its necessary; as every sound source you could practically use with this headset has its own volume controles. The same is mostly true of the in-line mute switch as well. Basically, wait and buy an Astro or a Bose etc.  They are built better and if you look for the sales you wont spend that much more.
Dont worth that much of money...
Stopped working after 6 months
Okay the headset is good in sound but the rest is crap , they scratch very quick even if you handle them with care the metal arround the ear cap got some rust! by only being exposed to room ambient and one time i puted the headset on top of my keyboard and i lifted it and one of the ear cushion got some of the skin gone , Razer needs to improve their materials and quality of products Also they need to extend their warranty . They offer very low warranty on headsets thar break and get ugly very quick
The 3.5mm jack is broken. Bad luck. It didnt work, at all; tried plugging it in 2 different computer, both mac and windows. Just broken.
Love razer but a letdown comfort wise
Honestly would have preferred to keep my money. These headphones are not only heavy, but theyre giant and I have a big head. Noise Cancelling is just the amount of material they put on the earpiece to make up for the lack of any actual technology. Sound quality is what youd expect for $60. If youre looking to never move your head, these could work for you.
very bad sound cant even hear footsteps clearly . i prefer for ps4 users to buy new gold headset .
good sound and Bass but had a lot of trouble trying to get noise coming up to the Xbox one controller lots of static and distortion barely could make out with the game was doing
I bought this product for gaming. Nothing about this headset really stands out. The comfort and fit leave much to be desired. The build quality feels rather cheap for a more expensive headset. The sound quality isn’t mind-blowing either. You’re much better off spending your money on a good pair of Sennheiser headphones.
Very meh headphones. Just not that good of quality Buy Bose and they’ll work for the money
Volume adjuster broke after a few months - it is very flimsy and not surprising it stopped working.  Headset is now completely unusable.
