Product works great and looks great.  Doesnt work through my plastic phone case but thats not the chargers fault.  Highly recommended!
I have a Nexus 4 which spent half the time with no charge because the cables somewhere on the floor, so i got this charger.  Initially it didnt work but customer support was very helpful and let me know I needed a 2A wall adapter - Anker sells a two pack for a very good price.  Once I got that adapter it worked great.
This product will wirelessly charge your phone at a fair price of $12-16.  It doesnt charge as fast as a wired connection but thats to be expected.  I do have a couple of gripes against this charger: It doesnt come with a wall socket adapter, something that every charger should have especially if it requires something specific like this charger does (a 5V/2A adapter).  On a side note, I kinda wish they included a 6 usb cable rather than a 3 cable but thats a personal preference. If you have average-to-good hearing, youll probably notice this charger gives off a high pitched whine (coil whine).  Ive noticed this in other wireless chargers as well but for some reason this one does it inconsistently.  It does it more often when charging and will sometimes do it when not charging.  It also has a quiet, not-as-high-pitched beeping noise when not charging.  For now this doesnt bother me as much, probably because you can only hear it when within a few feet of it in relative silence.  Flipping the pad over muffles the beeping to the point where its not an issue.  The whining is a bit of a bummer if youre like me and wanted to use this charger in a quiet workspace. Other than those complaints, this wireless charger does its job well.  It always maintains a charging connection while the phone is on the pad.  Once a phone is fully charged it will keep it at 100% unlike some other wireless chargers that cut off at 100% and the phones battery shifts between 99 and 100 for the duration its on the pad.  Also the list price of $60 is absurd, never pay more than $16 for this.
The wireless charger works fine.  the key is positioning the phone correctly.  i charge overnight and because i did not correctly place the phone on the center of the pad, i woke up to an empty battery instead of one fully charged. the charger is small- perhaps a bigger size would prevent this issue
Works great, I just lay my phone on it at night and it charges.
This is the first wireless charger Ive used, but I am impressed. Not hard to find the "sweet spot" for charging my phone. It charges my 1800ma battery in about 3 hours, but most of the time, I just leave it plugged in overnight. If this charger lasts a year or long (and I remember), I would up my recommendation to 5 stars.
Works great with my new Samsung S6 Active
I can rely on Anker wireless charger!  It charges in Minutes, which is Awesome!
Love the product. I bought it for work and it works great.
Works beautifully.
Works well samsung one works with a case this one does not other than that does a great job
Works great with both my S6 Edge and Note 4 with Samsung wireless charging back. Pretty fast charge and keeps both cells it at 100% until you remove them from the charger.
I like it ,charging in  normal time it doesnt comes with  fast charger adapter..but its good..
This thing is amazing!  I love it.  The shipping was fast and customer service was phenomenal!  If you are on the fence about this I highly recommend it.
Excellent choice I made in purchasing this item
Im using this charger with a Galaxy s6 edge + . Without a case the charger is flawless . Charges even with a case on but sometimes you have to be a little careful in placement on the pad . I happy with product and would buy again
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge plus! 3x cheaper than the OEM samsung version! Everyone walks by my desk and ask what the circular object on my desk is. I tell them its a coffee warmer.  Only downside is that the charger only comes with a USB cable. Great product. I have had no issues with it. The unit has a red status light to show that it is on and switches to a blue status light when charging. Only suggestion would be to make this a coffee warmer too...
LOVE THIS THING!!!! Using it for my Note5. Love my Note5 too :)  I have only had it a day, and it seems to charge pretty quickly as well as connection-issue free. If i notice some issues, Ill report back :) Anker products seem to be totally awesome!
Works great! Doesnt take up much space, doesnt slide around, and its LEDs tell you what its doing. Charging is a little slower than wired charging, of course, but the convenience of not having to fiddle around with the plug makes up for that.
After charging the Samsung  Note 5.  It lost connection after only a few minutes. I ordered 2 of them and both respond the same way. Case on the phone is a otterbox symphony?.... originally 2 stars 11/9/15UPDATE: OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE! ISSUES WERE SOLVED WITH GREAT COMMUNICATION WILL BUY AGAIN FROM ANKER.
I was looking for a wireless charger for my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.  This one had good reviews and was a good price.
This pad charges my Galaxy Note 5 quickly and doesnt heat nor does it heat up the phone. The tactile ring around the periphery of the lead holds the phone in place even with the glass back on the Note 5. I highly recommend this charger even though it isnt a Adaptive fast charger.
Wirelsss charging is so convenient.  If your phone supports it, this pad works great.
Editing my review, original still on bottom: Still using this device to charge a Samsung Note 5.  My faulty device from the original purchase was replaced promptly by Anker.  The new charger arrived fast and they even included a USB 2.0 wall charger for free.  The new setup works great and I use this to charge my phone at work throughout the day since resting it on a wireless charger is easier than plugging and unplugging when I need to take off.  For the price you cant beat the product and the customer service pushes this review from a 2/5 to easy 5/5. Original: Using this to charge a Samsung Note 5.  Regardless of wall plug, usb cable, or any other variables, this charger is slow and unreliable at best.  In most instances it will charge the phone for a minute or two before the blue light switches to red and it stops charging.  IF I can rest my phone down on it just right Ive managed to get two full charges out of it.  I cannot rely on this charger and would not purchase again.  I requested a refund which was processed quickly, without question, AND I was allowed to keep the device.  I think its known that this product doesnt work well for everything it claims to be compatible with.  If/when I purchase another wireless charger it will not be this one.
These so far work great.  Smaller than I thought theyd be but may thats because I have a monster note 5. I bought 3 of them.
Works great I highly recommended!! Works perfect every time
Great product! Does what it was designed to do and does it well. Great to use with my Galaxy S6
Charges perfectly as advertised even through my phone case. Just be sure your phone has Qi wireless charging capabilities.
Works as advertised. It does charge more slowly than a standard charger (and much moreso than the fast charger I use for my Galaxy S6 Edge), but thats to be expected. It takes about three hours to charge from dead to full with this charger versus a little over an hour with the fast charger. Its perfect for charging while youre not moving from the spot, plus the convenience is unmatched by any wired charger Ive ever used.
Very good
Let me preface this by saying that this company has amazing customer service. I first got this charger a while ago and had some issues with my phone not charging when it should have been. The company was quick to respond and sent me a replacement. After using the replacement a few times, a think the issue with the charging was a one off with a defective unit and havent noticed it with the new one. I have the Galaxy S6, which also supports fast charging, but the phone chargers more slowly with this charger. Obviously wireless charging could be expected to be on the slower side. With my regular charger my phone goes from 0% to 100% in about 1.5 hours, but with this one it takes about 3-4 hours (with the cover on because no way in hell am I taking that off every night). Its best to use overnight rather than if you need a quick charge before running out the door. The design is really slick and it doesnt take up much space on my nightstand. The cable is about 3ft long, which is about enough to reach from the outlet to my nightstand. Once you turn this on a light immediately turns on red. If you put your phone to charge the light turns blue. Easy peasy. Once on the charger my phone takes about a second or two to realize its charging, but then the screen turns on and shows a percentage indicating that charging has been initiated. I have the bad habit of tinkering with my phone while its charging and this is obviously not an option with this charger, but there still is the convenience of not untangling cables in the dark.
This is a great Qi wireless charger for my aging nexus 5.  This charger is great to top off at night by just putting the phone on the charging pad before you go to bed.  While it doesnt charge as fast as a traditional charger you no longer have to deal with the hassle of flipping the usb cable up and down only to find out you had it right the first time but didnt push it in all the way.  So far this has worked great.
Works with s7. Nice design, good q materials, good value for the money.
It works, just not with high-speed charging. In its defense (I gave it four stars because it doesnt proclaim to do so either)
Overall its a good product... 5/5 in that regard. However, I just dont see the point. It only charges your phone in certain positions, so you cant use it hardly while its sitting on the charger. Any light movement throws off the charge range. It also doesnt charge very fast at all. The typical charger for my S6 takes 80 minutes, this takes 3-4 hours. When you do use it and it sits at 100%, the phonell stop charging, which can be nice; however, it then sits without charging after it peaks. Product? Great. Functionality? Very niche customer base. I guess for $17 its a fun toy to have at least
Had this about a week now. Seems to work perfectly up to this point. I have this connected to my Monitor at work as Im was always plugging and unplugging phone going to meeting etc. I dont think its classed as fast charger but seems to charge fairly fast to me. Dont have to be too accurate when placing on pad which is good and the blue LED is a great indication of status.
Its a good product. They only thing is it can not wirelessly charge my phone thru my otterbox defender case
Charger lets you know when it is charging.  I have a iphone 6+ with a plug in wireless charger. Since my phone is significantly bigger than the charger, it takes a while to determine where the best spot to charge my phone is.
Was smaller than I wanted but it works fine
Charges my AT&T Blackberry Classic. Perfect on my desk at work so I can throw my BB on the disk and never forget to charge it and still grab the phone easily when someone calls instead of fumbling with unhooking a charger while the phone is ringing. Finally havent found my work phone dead mid day from forgetting to charge. At least this way I can pretend my work phone is sort of modern.
very handy for charging at my desk
Exactly what I was looking for! Great product, fast shipping! Couldnt have asked for more!
They have the most great products
I purchased this to keep on my entry table as a charging station. Didnt work on our 2 older cell phones, so I gave it to a family member. Didnt work on their phones either. We all read the pamphlet directions, no help. Now I know why the price was so good! Update: Customer service contacted me, sent me a charger that works for our phones. Couldnt be nicer or more helpful. Turned a lemon experience into delicious lemonade.
I bought this to give it a try. It takes some practice getting to know where to line your phone up to get through blue light on to charge. It does what it says. I use it when I dont need a fast charge, cause it is not a faster charger but it is a good one.
Once again Anker has come through for me.  I wanted a small compact wireless charger for my side table and this one was it.  Its not a fast charge unit but for $12 bucks you cant beat it! You can even take this in the car with you if you want!  Use ANY Micro USB cable with a car charger and connect it to the wireless puck and youre GOLDEN! If you copy this link, [...]  into your browser youll see me using it with a generic wireless adapter with NO PROBLEM!  This is a GO!
A very simple device that works perfectly with my Samsung Galaxy S6 Active. As some others have pointed out, it appears to stop charging once the device reaches 100%, which is not a defect or oversight with the device, but rather seems to be a limitation with all wireless chargers. Because of this, I only have one of these and I only use it at work. As a desk jockey, I find myself frequently picking up and putting down my phone, so a wireless charger works great in this scenario. The Anker wireless puck doesnt require careful positioning as did my old Nokia 920 on my Nokia charging plate. The puck itself is attractive, not too large, and the rubber rings on top and bottom keep the puck where I put it on the desk and keep the phone positioned when I set it down. I havent bothered to test how quickly it charges, but it seems to charge much more quickly than my old Nokia phone, and Im perfectly happy with the charging speed. As a side note, I have this plugged into my Anker 30W 4-Port Aluminum USB Desktop Charger with PowerIQ.
Works great!  Love it for the car and the note stand. Gets a little warm... but thats probably just the way it is.
This is a good wireless charger for the price (I got it for $14.79). Im using it with my Galaxy S6 Edge and I can place my phone on the charger off-center by roughly 2 cm and it will still charge. However, I did place the device on the charger one night and woke up in the morning with the device not charged so I am extra careful now. The anti-slip is effective in keeping the device on the charger. When I put my device on the charger and try to slide it with my thumb, its my thumb that slips off the device instead of the device slipping off the charger. I have the wireless charger connected to a 5V/2.4A wall charger and my device pulls roughly 500 mA when charging from 80% battery according to Galaxy Charging Current app on Android. If youre still on the fence about getting a wireless charger, I recommend you try this one since its a decent product for the price.
This wireless charger works fine. Its a little slow, it fully charges my S7 edge phone in about 4 hours. Other than that it works as expected and it is very good for the money you pay.
Works as advertised.
I have a Galaxy S7 in a Speck Candyshell case. I plugged this little guy in, and plopped my phone down, and it worked perfectly. Wireless charging is awesome.
Exceeds expectations
reliable connection.  quick charging.  so nice to not have to connect the cable for each charge, I imaging that will save wear and tear on the port.
Had it over two years works well but Droid Turbo does not reach 100%
Delivered Jul 15, 2016 and today is 8/08/16 I has being like a week that start no wanting to work. If I want to use it I have to unplug it out few minutes before place the phone to charge or will never activate the charge mode (my phone wont notice that the charger is there) It may be that I got a defective one or else.. I hope so. Yes I try 2 other wireless charging phone and same results. Update: After contacting the seller not only they took ownership and send me a new device and after being told that could take 5 to 7 days this one show up at my house in no time at all. Thank you so much AnkerDirect for such a quick response and action.
Solid device that works with 2013 nexus 7. Its a little finicky on placement but it does charge quickly, not 2 amp quick, when hooked to a 1 amp. It definitely helps with the issue of the micro USB port getting loose. This device will fix that issue. Long story short, its a slam dunk by at the price and I wish I bought it sooner.
Works good. Nice to just set your phone down on it and it charges.
It works great it even works through my otter box phone cover. Easy to use and way better than using a USB charger i love the wirelss charger very much and yes i would recommend this product to my friends and family .
A+++++++
Charges my Samsung Galaxy s6 fast
Charges my Lumia 950 just fine. My issue with it is that when the phone gets 100% charged, it doesnt stay 100% even when left on this pad. It drains as normal idle usage as if its not on a charging pad. This doesnt happen on another Nokia qi charger that I own. My phone stays 100% charged when laid on that pad.
Works just fine.
Item as described. Good quality product. It works even my phone case protector is on.
Arrived fast and works perfectly. Nothing more needs to be said.
Works well, but I wish this was larger. It isnt too much trouble to get my Nexus 6 working with this, but charging my Nexus 7 is a bit of an undertaking trying to get the pad settled in the correct spot under the device. This is especially problematic because the charge port on my 7 seems to have died, meaning I have to charge it wirelessly.
Received the new Anker Wireless Charger Power Port Qi Wireless Pad. I am very satisfied with the quality, it feels great in my hand, feels durable. I like the rubbery feel on top an below the charger, definitely prevents the charger from sliding as well your phone when sitting on the charger. Its funny but the charger actually looks like a hockey puck, which I have no problem with. Its small and compact, great for workstations it doesnt take up a lot of space which is a plus for me since I use it at work. Has notification lights on the front of it showing you when its idle or when a phone is being charged. The only reason I gave it a 4 stars is because when charging a Galaxy s7 it took 1.5hrs to go from 30% to 70% also generating a lot more heat on the phone which was a concern. The phone phone was not running any apps while charging, I also noticed that charging speed decreased when placing the phone with a wallet case, which in a way makes sense since its not having direct contact with the phone itself. Overall I am still satisfied with the wireless charger. If youre not in hurry to charge your phone fast then this product is fine, Anker also sells other alternatives to get a quick charge or even on the go with their portable power banks. I like the charger, its sleek design stands out from other bulky wireless chargers. You can use it with the wall charger or on the go in your car (your choice). I like the charger and will continue using it on a daily basis.
It is an excellent charger, small and has a great price.  I have a Samsung Galaxy 7, in an Otterbox defender. I charge it nightly using this charger. It does require some care to find the sweet spot in the otter box, but it is not super hard, and its much easier if not in a thick case. I am quite happy with this.
good product. Excellent costumer service
This charger charges my phone quickly and without any complications.  It is definitely worth the money.
Bought this just over 1 month back for my wifes S6.  She really liked it until her phone went dead in the morning on several occasions. Since then we found, as have many others, that the phone must be placed just right on the puck or it does not charge even though the light is blue.  2 nights ago, we were awoken at 2am because her phone was beeping a low battery alert even though it was on the puck. That was the last straw; this charger has been relegated to our e-junk drawer as I think it cant be returned beyond 30 days. The preceding is my original review.  An Anker customer service rep saw this and sent me an email offering to send us a new charger.  They did so and the new one is working as it should.  Thus, I am upgrading my one star to four stars and complimenting Anker for their terrific customer service.
This charger worked great for my Samsung galaxy 6 phone for about 2 months... now it is VERY finicky on how I place the phone on the charger, so I regularly have my phone at 25% or less battery after being on this charger overnight... IF im really careful to watch that it is placed correctly it will charge... but nearly as much of a pain as plugging in the actual cord. Anker wireless contacted me after this review was posted and sent me a new charger...GREAT customer service.  The new charger is working GREAT...thank you
This fast charging wireless charger is a great quality in my opinion. It looks and feels great. It looks great on every surface.
Even thin cases. Forget about thicker protective cases. It might work better with Samsung OEM cases for note 5 buy not aftermarket cases. Otherwise, with just the phone on the puck it works great. Love Anker products!
I like this charger - I have 1 at home and 1 at work.  You need a 2.0 amp USB power supply input to get the 1.0 amp output, so plugging it into a PCs USB port likely will not be enough - youll need a dedicated USB wall charger.  My Galaxy Note 5 has an Otterbox Commuter case fitted, and I sometimes have to shift the phone slightly after I place it on this charger to get the blue charging light to come on due to the thickness of the case.  Once the blue light is lit, it charges fine, switches off when fully charged and the phone never heats up noticeably.
Its so easy to charge my phone and not have to plug it in every time!
This came without a power adapter per the description. Plugging it in to your existing power adapter works just fine. I no longer worry about wearing out or bending the micro usb connection on my phone.  Prior to getting this, I would connect my phone to the wall plug every 3 hours because of how much I use the phone and I like to remain at above 50% if I have to run to a clients office. I use it at my office desk on my Galaxy S6 so I dont worry about the charging speed. However, while streaming music online to my bluetooth speakers & sending notifications to my smartwatch it will charge at roughly 35% an hour. If I dont do anything it will charge at roughly 50% per hour. My phone doesnt get hot like it did when I had it plugged in. I only have one con: you cant really use your phone while its sitting on this pad as its small and the balance/centering will get upset and turn off the charging.
I got this for a friend and he is pleased. Seems to be working perfectly and he is satisfied with the product.
If your looking for an alternative to the more expensive wireless chargers that are available at most wireless stores, this is the perfect option. The charger itself is well built and stays put on the table. While the actual surface area where you rest your phone while charging is smaller than the more expensive chargers I have seen, it still gives you a lot of space to put your phone while charging. I purchased this as a gift and it works perfectly with a Galaxy S6. it charges the phone fast and has no problems connecting to the phone in order to charge. I would definitely purchase this charger again!
Does exactly what its supposed to do just like it should.
This charger works. I only use it to charge my phone at night (Galaxy Note 5) because it doesnt charge that fast. Ive had this wireless charger for over a month now and I have no complaints with it. It works but not as fast as I would like. I definitely recommend this if you just plan on using it at night when you are asleep to charge your phone.
Waste of money. Doesnt work if phone is placed in most positions on charger. Revised: Was replaced with working charger. Customer service is very good.
Easy and convenient. Charges slower than a fast charger but great to just grab and go!
It works as advertised. If you need a quick charge because your phone is dead, this isnt for you. But if you need a constant charge to keep it running, this will work great.
Works fine and charges well. I am using it with my Nexus 6 which has a curved back and this charging pad, being small, is able to hold my nexus 6. Although it charges slowly but i didnt expect the fast charging capability as my Motorola fast charger.. but it does the job. Happy with the purchase and i hope it holds up well for long time. Too bad that it doesnt come with cable so had to use cable from one of my chargers.. which is a bummer.. but its fine. All in all.. happy with the purchase.
This cordless charger works great my mom said! (I bought for her) she loves it!
Pros: Solid, well-built, heavy, quite attractive, works very well, and quite small. Cons: Small, heavy I have to make sure Ive aligned it just right for my Samsung Note 4s factory wireless charging cover to use it.  The Note 4s size probably makes this more difficult than if I were using a normal-size phone.  I have a cheaper full-size charger I use at the office and since its the same size as the phone, as long as the phones on the charger, its aligned and works. Also, this is surprisingly heavy.  For most people, this is a positive.  I travel for a living, so extra weight in my carry-on is unwelcome.  Granted, I have no doubt that this charger wouldnt get damaged no matter how badly I abused it, the weight is substantial. Would I buy again? Yes.
Liked worked as advertised
Compact and unobtrusive, it does its job well.  Quite happy with mine.
This charger doesnt work. I had to contact amazon for a refund. *company sent a replacement charger that works
Works just like a Samsung wireless charger would work if you bought for like 60$ at best buy. Works great
Wonderful.
Charges through my cases which is  great, charges my work phone "Moto Droid 2" and my Note 5 really fast. The charger is compact so if you have a phablet it will take a couple of trys to get the right placement on the wireless sensor of the phone.
I bought this as a backup for my Nokia DT900 OI charger.  The Anker does not a very strong field.  Irs not even close to as good at the Nokia charger. I am not going to send this one back but I certainly would not buy another one. Update on 08/01/2016: Anker customer service contacted me after reading my review to offer suggestions for improving the performance of their product.  Unfortunately their suggestions did not improve the charging performance with my Nokia 830 or Lumia 950.  Anker then offered to refund the purchase price. This is really superior customer service.  Because of this I have raised my rating from 3 stars to 4 stars.
I have a Galaxy S7. This charger works great. I was worried after I put an otter box case on that it wouldnt work, but still works great. I dont have to worry about my kids damaging charging ports anymore
Great charger, charges fast and right thru the existing case, so no need to remove it every night.
Works well.  Allows me to just set my phone on my night stand and not wear out my USB 3.0 jack.
very goooood
Works great. I have the thin otterbox (symmetry, I think) on a Galaxy S7 and it works. You do have to be somewhat precise with how you set it on there, but it works.
Works great only problem is with case sometimes doesnt connect just removed outer part and perfect
I purchased it as a gift. They say it works fine at their work but not so good at home. Its ment to have the phone left on it,not picked up and put down every other minute. Not for the phone addict.
Great value compared to what they try and sell you at the wireless stores. Doesnt charge as fast as Id expected but does the job and No PLUGGING IN!!! Excellent technology!
This is my first dive into the world of Qi chargers, so I was not sure what to expect.  I understand the tech, but figured that it would be such a slow charge that it would be more of a novelty than anything else.  I have been using this at work on my desk with my Galaxy S6 Edge.  I have had it for a couple of weeks, and I still smile every time I drop it on the charger.  It does a great job at keeping my phone charge topped off while I am at my desk.  It is so easy to use.  With my phone, it does not seem very picky about where you place it.  I have a Spigen Neo-Hybrid case on my phone, and it does not seem to effect the charging distance at all.  The red and blue status indicators are not too bright, so they are very functional without being distracting.  I wish it was a bit thinner, but it is not bad.  The pad is large enough that the phone does not tip off of it. Overall, I am very happy with this charger, and will probably purchase more of these in the future for home use.
Excellent product, is a bit slow to load but stops when the cell reaches 100 % which allows not overheat . Ideal to let it charge overnight . By the way I use a Samsung S6 edge.
It is very simple to use, I wish it charged faster.
Fantastic charger. Works perfect
▄█▓ PERFECT ▓█▄
****UPDATE*****- Anker came through, I had a problem and without hesitation Anker fixed it by replacing the broken unit i received with a brand new one and including the charging adatpter i thought was included from my first order. I have never been treated with this much respect to honor a product. Because of this i will always give Anker the opportunity from now on to fulfill my needs of products they sell. Thak you Anker, that was very honorable of you to do whats necessary to satisfy your customer, me. Sincerely, -Chris ****(Old Post)****The charger did not come with a adapter to plug in, it suggested I use an Acker adapter, why should I buy another item that should have come with my charger to begin with? Second, the charger seems to have a reverse affect, it drains my phone battery instead of charging it. I am very unhappy with this product. I was really excited to get it and then it does not even work and requires more money. Why not charge a little more and send the complete functioning package, makes absolutely no sense!
It is working alright. I love the customer support team as they have replaced my device without any hassle.
Worked as advertised right out of the box.  My Motorola Droid Turbo (no case) charges in about 3 hours from 50%.
Excellent
I originally purchased one of these from another maker and the light on it was so bright it kept me up at night.  I like this one because it is a little smaller and it does not emit a large amount of light while charging.  It is compact and works great, just lay the phone on it and make sure it connects and it charges just like being plugged in.  I originally got a defective one and the seller was great about sending another out immediately to replace it.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S-6.
Edited and improved: Doesnt charge the phone.  I do have a case on it.  However, my Samsung wireless charging pad has no issues charging the phone with the case on.  This charger, however, would only charge if it was perfectly placed and even then would often cycle between charging and disconnected. Updated review:  I was contacted by the company.  They gave me some advice on getting my phone and charger to cooperate.  The only thing I did on my own was trim the felt back a little so my phone sat closer to the charger when in the case.  Its been charging quite well and I am satisfied with this purchase.  I would now recommend this product.
I normally wont write a review of a product because companies badger you to do so as soon as you buy something. But I have to say I received only one email saying that if I would like to write a review here is where to do so and I appreciate that. So the shipping was very fast and I couldnt be happier with the product. No more worrying if the plug on the cord goes bad because you have to plug and unplug it to charge it everyday. Simple to use I am glad I finally made this purchase. I would recommend this product to anyone looking to get away from having to plug in their phone all the time.
easy to use
Very good tool!!!
Small footprint, works well, and I am quite happy with my purchase.  I shopped around quite a bit before choosing this specific model,  and I actually purchased two of them.
Great price, works exactly like they say it should.
Pros: Affordable Convenient to use Cons: Does not charge as fast as wired charge
Very easy to use, pretty quick charge
Updated: company saw my review and sent a replacement, works great, even with the case on. Excellent customer service Would not charge my Samsung Galaxy S6, and when I went to return it, says not eligible for returns.
Low sleek profile. Works great, does not warm up the receiver. Optimal charging time. 3rd product i buy from this company and they seem to be quality throughout.
I bought two of these for my Samsung Galaxy S6.  Wireless charging is a very convenient idea, but I was disappointed with this product.  I received both chargers.  One of the was dead on arrival so Amazon gave me a refund on it.  I used the second one for about a couple of weeks when it started to charge very slowly.  I got a refund for that one as well.  Would really be nice if they worked but the two that I got didnt.  Good news is that Amazon gave me refunds quickly. Update 7/5/2016: Anker contacted me directly to offer a replacement for the charge.  Their customer service was consistently reaching out to me to ensure that I was happy with the replacement and my experience with the product.  I give customer service an A+.  As for the charger, Ive used it for three weeks straight now and its been charging great.  It could very well be that the first two were from a bad batch.
Another great Anker product. I own multiple Anker products and they are always well built and long lasting. Works great with my Samsung S7.
Works well.
Great! Hassle free charge!
It works fine with GS7 Edge. Is not listed as fast charge and  phone does not show "fast  wireless charge" when charging, but  phone gives the same amount of charge time left when is being charged wireless or directly plugged to fast charger. (20min at 90% battery)  Ill check if the time left is the same at lower battery %. @ 14% battery charge, phone shows 1:20 time left to charge when using fast charger and 3hrs when using Qi.
It preforms as expected I just wish the base was a little larger. When I get a notification and I touch the phone I have to hold it firmly down so it doesnt fall off the base. If it were a little larger or even square this would help with the stability.
need to position just right to get the charge going, otherwise you are risking not charging your phone at all.  easier to just plug in with regular cord. UPDATE: after the review was promptly contacted by customer service to resolve the issue to my satisfaction.  very good customer service and very prompt response. Thank you. added 1 extra star for it.
The price is great.  I got one for me and the wife and we both like it. Not meant as a negative, but it seems to requires the screen to be on before it starts charging. If I drop it on with the screen black it does not charge. Wierd. It seems to take longer to charge which again is not a problem; Just an observation. I like the circle that pops up as well as the charge pervcentage.
Easy to use. Simply place cellphone on unit and adjust till blue light comes on. Clearly denotes when ready to charge, charging and full. Love it
Great charger for my bedside table. Compact and low profile design is perfect!
I bought this on Amazon Prime day at a very good price!  Bought one for my mom too, as the chargers for Samsung phones are always shorting out.  I love how portable this is and can easily be packed in a bag to take to work and bring home again. The other reviews are correct in stating that you need to place the phone "just right" in order to get a charge - but other than that, I have no complaints. If youre patient & fast charging is not at the top of your priority list, this will do just fine for your needs at a fraction of the price of other charging stations.  VERY pleased with this purchase and I will definitely be considering Anker in the future as well as recommending to friends!
Charges fast!  Great price!
It works perfectly on the S6 with and without a case.  Just be aware this is not a fast charger like the included Samsung usb charger.  It does take a fair amount of time to charge my phone, but having it on my desk for top off charging is perfect.  It will reduce the wear and tear on the charging port of the phone which is great since those always seem to break on the Samsung devices.
The Item works as advertised, but be aware that the charger needs an additional piece of hardware that isnt included unless you only want to charge with a USB port.  You need to supply a 2A USB charger head for the 120V outlet.  Im not sure why one isnt included in the original package, its just not good customer service to me...  Fortunately, I had a spare phone charger cord with a removable 120V head so I didnt have to buy a new one. I noted later that the company did put some small print at the bottom addressing this issue, but it wasnt obvious when I first read the product information and decided to order the unit.
I have actually upgraded my review on this product slightly based on a wonderful customer service experience with AnkerDirect. My initial review noted that I was a bit disappointed with this as I was having issues with my phone not charging reliably unless placed very specifically on the unit. Sometimes it will charge if I simply set it down on the pad, other times I have to move my phone around to find just the right position for it to start charging, and yet other times it will start to charge and quit shortly thereafter. My disappointment stemmed from my expectation that I could just drop my phone on this and walk away.  After posting that somewhat negative review I was immediately contacted by AnkerDirect who explained that I had purchased a single coil charger (plainly stated in the description) and that was a known limitation of the single coil design. They then offered to send me a wall charger free of charge to alleviate some of my frustration. If I had done a tiny bit of research prior to purchasing this product I would have easily discovered the limitations of the single coil design for myself and would have either not purchased this or I would have been ready for some placement issues. Now that I know about this, I am actually pretty happy with my purchase. It works as advertised once my phone is placed properly (which can be frustrating but is not a deal breaker), I dont have to remove my phone case to charge it, and once properly set my Note 5 is at 100% every morning. The Moral of my story... Do a little research before purchasing, and definitely before writing a negative review so that I dont end up looking slightly foolish. That and AnkerDirect customer Service is extremely responsive which seems rare these days and is much appreciated.
I really dont know if it is any good or not. I realized after buying my phone is not  Qi enabled. So I have to buy a different battery or an adapter before I can use it. Word to the wise make sure you have a phone that supports the Qi.  UPDATE:  It is working great for my husbands phone that does have the Qi. The customer support team at Anker is very nice an helpful in making sure I was happy with my purchase.
It works great even with my case on but really isnt very needed.. the biggest advantage is i dont have to worry about it breaking after using it 10xs.
Love this wireless charging pad. Great for Google Nexus 5 and Samsung phones.
Have had it for about a week and so far, so good. Works just as its supposed to. I have an iphone 6 with a Qi case and have had no problems with placement and my phone does not get heated. I can easily move it from place to place when I need to. This is just what I wanted.
Updated Review as of 8/2/16: Anker replaced this charger even after a year! Outstanding and unbelievably great customer service. One of the fewest companies Ive shopped with with exceptionally great loyalty to their customers. The new product I received works flawlessly even after a few drops just to test it out. Excellent job of Anker! Dropped it once and it stopped working afterwards. Besides that, it gets the job done. I especially love the auto shut off feature. Would buy again since its cheap but I rarely use wireless charging.
works excellent with my blackberry priv
Works well. I did have a problem the phone beeping all the time, but worked out, was the cable. Just drop your phone on, and beep... it starts charging.
Packed well, small, light, portable, well made. Rubber ring at the top helps keep phone in place and rubber bottom keeps whole unit in place. Chrome ring on top give that luxurious look. Charges fast and with Temperature Control I dont have to worry about overheating. Looks great on bedside table or on office desk! Dose the job perfectly!
This does exactly what it is supposed to. It charges my phone fine through a thick case. As it states it is not a quick charger. With its small footprint though it is extremely convenient to use at work or other locations out of the house.
It was just what I expected! Very pleased! Works Great!
Very nice. Just wish it worked through my phone case.
Love it. It works with my phone case.
Does not work all the time.  They sent me a brand new item and it is working fine.  THANKS for the prompt attention
Seems to be working for charging both my Samsung Note 5 and my Samsung Galaxy S6. I am marking it at 4 stars because yesterday I noticed the unit got a little bit on the hot side. I will keep an eye on it and update if there is anything new to report.
First time buyer of a wireless charging product (for my moto 360). Im extremely particular on having safe chargers and electronics in my home. Seeing that Anker made this device, it was a no brainer on which one to buy as I use many anker products that are of high quality and reliable. No problems charging the watch, just lay it and it is good to go.  A friend at work has a rectangular device similar to this but it was about three times the cost of this unit.  Anker is always a good product and satisfaction they 100% guarantee.  And yes, this seems to rapidly charge the watch in a reasonable amount of time. Most of the reviews for this product refer to using with a compatible smart phone,  so this review is to give feedback on how well it works for the smart watches.
Works like a charm
Love it.  Charges easily and quickly.
Amazing. One of the best tools out there for charging my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+. Love it.
I really love Anker products. I have yet to have an issue with any of the anker products I own. The low profile of this charger is awesome. It charges fairly quick to be a wireless charger. I keep it plugged in on my desk right in the spot that I lay my phone down. That way Im always getting a top off.
This seemed too inexpensive to work well. Pleasant surprise: Both my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and my wifes S6 charge perfectly, easily, and quickly. Very impressive.
Excellet product for the price. To my surprise it charge very fast my phone. It looks good and take too much space on your desk.
I have an older Anker charger for my Galaxy S6 and it works great. This one is a little smaller, which is nice; but for some reason it goes in and out of charge sometimes even though it is just sitting there and not being touched. 6.21.16 Update Anker replaced my defective charger with another. The new one works great.
Charger works great. Charges my iPhone 6 very quickly. Most likely will buy a second charger for my office as well!
This charger works great for the Samsung Galaxy s7.  However, I dont believe it is faster than using the regular adapter, so I gave it a 4...( fully charged in <15 minutes from 0 -100, err isnt going to happen).  BUT, aside from that, it charges at a reasonable rate and I dont have any complaints.  Responds well every time I set the phone on it. I  only use clear cases, one by Spiegen and one by Incipio. So for a decent charger my phone can be fully charged in about 1 hour at less than half battery capacity. I love that fact that I can just reach over and pick it up on my way out of the door to work! After using this item for 6 months, it is really good.  Since my phone was brand new when I bought it, the charging time now is even faster! So Iam changing this review to 5 stars.
Arrived well packed and quickly. Ive noticed that it takes longer to charge my Galaxy S7 than the wired charging, but it is way more convenient.
Very happy with my purchase.
This works with my Nexus 5 but I find myself having to adjust the position of my phone so that it starts charging. Sometimes Ill place my phone on the charger and walk away, not realizing that the phone isnt charging because the position isnt just right. Update: I was contacted by Anker customer support to find out more about my experience with this charger. They were concerned that the unit I received was defective so they sent me a new one free of charge. I think that the charging experience has improved with the new unit. Its not perfect but this charger works pretty well.
Very compact charger... Eliminated need to plug in cable to fragile USB port!
I have yet to find a single Anker product that is not amazing and a great deal. I bought a Samsung Galaxy S7 when my LG G4 stopped working (happened to two G4s in a row). The Galaxy S7 comes ready for QI charging. I was intrigued by the wireless charging capabilities but was not ready to spend $40- $50 on the Samsung version so I went looking for an option from my favorite non oem brand, Anker. I bought two (one for office and one for home). The instructions were clear (not much to instruct on) and I was up and running in less than a minute. The colored lights provide a status at a glance (blue light charging, red theres a problem, red and blue device is fully charged). I was also impressed with the speed of the charge. If you have the ability to charge wirelessly,  Anker is a cost efficient and durable way to go.
Good charger. But it makes a whining soundsr every once and a while.
Awesome way to charge my phone for a great price.
Charges Samsung 6 edge.
Great product and arrived on time!
WORKS GREAT!!!
Work great
Was surprised at how small it was. Does not come with power supply. Will not work through any "good" protective phone case because it is too thick. Had to take phone out (Galaxy S7) of case and center just right for it to work. Takes a 2A input and charges at 1A.  Not bad for wireless charging. Update: After writing this review, I was contacted by AnkerDirect customer service to do what they could to make me satisfied. They offered to give a portion refund because I wasnt completely satisfied. Although this was a kind gesture, I replied that Id like to keep the device and it wasnt nessisary to give any type of refund. They were very responsive in every email and even gave a partial refund anyway. My experience with their customer support was the best Ive had in a long time.  And because of that, I will not hesitate to purchase from then in the future.
Love this chargers -- have 3. Great price.
Great quality!
I bought two of these and Im thinking about buying a third one. It does not offer fast charging but thats ok. I intend to keep one on my night stand, the other one in my home office desk and possibly a third one at work. Its a very quick and convenient charger. No more messing around with finding the the correct usb plug orientation while in the dark (aka - first world problem). Works great with the Samsung Galaxy S7.
Overall I am pleased with this charger. It is somewhat fickle in terms of how you must position your phone on it to charge, but I think that seems to be a trend with many of these wireless chargers. I will say that I personally like to sleep in a pitch black room. So for me, the blue light does seem quite bright. I just make sure that the light is up against something and then its fine. It would not stop me from buying it again though.
Works great.
Nice and works well, but it could be a little bigger.  Its not even as wide as my phone so its hard to see the light change so that I know its charging.
Charges well, well made, sad that it didnt come with a wall charger, only the USB.
Another very good quality charger from Anker! Good sturdy feel to device. Large pad on bottom to keep from moving around on end table. Easy to use lights for showing stages of charging without being too bright or anything. I had another wireless charger that would sometimes get very hot while nothing was on it, no problems like that since I switch to this Anker one. A little smaller in size but still easy to get phone (Samsung Galaxy S7 edge) on correctly to charge. Never been disappointed with any wires or chargers I have gotten from Anker!
Great product works great feels good
Works fine for me. I have a Moko case on my Nexus, so was concerned that the case might  be too thick for this to work, but if located exactly right on the case, it works, the light turns blue and the Nexus charges. In my case I drew a circle on my case after finding the exact sweet spot so it would be easy to relocate it. I put the case face down and place the Qi on top, on the circle, and the blue light comes on. Bought this because I was afraid my port connector might get worn out eventually, from disconnecting and connecting (it was starting to get pretty loose from wear). Trying to save that port for when I have to use it, for data transfer, etc.
I have a different Wireless charge that works with my Note 5 with a case on it.  This one doesnt work through the case, but without the case it works fine.
Works well - not the fastest charger - but goes to 100% overnight, which is fine with me.  Saves the phones USB port from wear - small, sits on the kitchen counter and is unobtrusive.  Phone is easy to position to detect the charger.  I like it!!!
Is OK
Works fine.  I have a case on my Galaxy S7 and this charger works fine right through it.  After having the Anker Wireless Charger for a few months, I learned that my Nexus tablet was also capable of wireless charging.  This also works well with the Anker.  I am quite pleased with this device, particularly at the price.
Received it two days ago. My Droid Turbo 2 charges slower than the "Fast Turbo" charger. For the fact my charging port will not be useless in a year, I can live with it charging a little slower than I am used to. I did not find it as difficult to align the correct position, as I had read in the reviws either.
Works great without a case, if you have a case on your phone, like everyone does, then it is very difficult to get this charger to work.  phone has to be aligned in the exact right spot and still, sometimes it starts charging then loses the charge signal and stops. I would absolutely recommend if you have a thin case or dont mind taking the case off your phone whenever you need to charge. ***Update*** - Anker customer care was very pro-active and reached out to me after my review to make sure I was satisfied.  I would absolutely consider their products in the future.
The only negative thing I can say about this thing is its smaller than the name brand Samsung chargers. And the HUGE positive is that it actually charges FASTER than the name brand! I love it more.
works like a charm. and keeps my phone charged at 100% even through the night.
Easy to set up, works great.  Just phone the phone down and its charging!
Works good doesnt charge very fast though
Its the only one I have ever used but it works just as advertised.
It works great fo my ex wife phone..
This wireless charger works great for my S7 Edge. The price is right too, cant beat it and they all do the same thing. I really like anker products and everything has bee very reliable. Thanks ANKER........
The price and fast receipt
Works great.
Works great. Excellent price. Nuff said.
I absolutely love it
It works fine. Does not charge as fast as plugging it in. We have a Samsung S6 Active.
I love this wireless charger. Really handy and easy to charge my Nexus 6.
Works perfect
Works great, I use it at work and it doesnt take up much room on my desk. I dont have to bother finding the end of the cord, just place my phone on the charger. Easy!
So much cooler and faster than first generation wireless chargers. Small footprint on my nightstand and desk at work and works great with my BlackBerry PRIV (verizon). I actually bought two for quick wireless charging at home and work. Great product, fast charging, and idiot-proof to use. Trifecta!
It is so nice to just lay my Samsung on top instead of having to plug it in to charge.  It doesnt charge near as quickly as a direct plug in but especially at night, I love that I dont have to unplug my phone to answer it...just pick it up and swipe.
If youre looking for a faster charger, make sure you purchase the one that charges at 5V/2A
I love this charger. It works perfectly, charges fast, and functions flawlessly even through my Otterbox Commuter case. Although it did not come with a wall adapter, the charging pad and micro USB cable were included. I appreciate that Anker also uses eco-friendly, minimal packaging. This Anker model is less than 1/4 of the price you would pay for a Samsung wireless charger, and seems to work just as well.
Works great! Convenient if youre always charging a little and on the go, I have a fear of messing up my phone charging port with multiple connects.
good
Use a good charger.
1) Make sure to check your phone is compatible!!!  - I normally do my due diligence before ordering products, but this may have been a late night wine purchase (my wine is always making online orders).  This product is not compatibly with my LG G3, but it was compatible with my BFs Samsung S7, so win for him 2) Worked great until we purchased a car holder that required us to attach a permanent magnet to the phone case. Similar to this one: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PGJWYJ0/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_1?pf_rd_p=1944687602&pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1&pf_rd_t=201&pf_rd_i=B008IOQ3K6&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=RN14JMTG949VNMC05HV5 NOTE: You could remove the phone cover and charge it- but really..who has time for that...
This does not have fast charging so using it on a Galaxy Note or one of the higher end versions of these kinds of devices will not charge very fast.  I personally use this on my iPhone 6s.  I have purchased a separate Qi adapter to enable this kind of charging.  It does not charge as fast as it would if I hooked up a cable to my phone. This  comes with a micro USB cable (the cable in the pictures is not the cable that comes with this), and has rubber no-slip bottom.
very good especially if the plug in port is malfunctioning
Works perfectly to charge my Nexus 7 (2013)!
Works Great!
Mehhh...like the idea of just grabbing the phone in a hurry without pulling the charging cable at the same time....but ...sadly since my phone has a big otter box cover it doesnt charge  easy...you need to keep moving the phone around until the light turns green on the anker and the phones starts charging. Other thing is that the pgone doesnt charge as fast. ***UPDATE**** After the review , i got contacted by the customer service from Anker, to apologize and offered me a full refund for the trouble....That makes me more than happy and satisfied. I added a star just for their service.
I bought this charger for $15 and it was the same one the Samsung store in Bestbuy wanted $60 for.  It works correctly.
Works pretty well. I fell like my phone has to be in the perfect position to charge and I have to double check to make sure it is charging. I have 2 phones note 5 and s7 both with the skinny Outter box cases.
1. Product exterior – small compact charging "pad" 2. Description of use – Easy to use.  Provides a good charge. 3. Ideal users – anyone wanting hassle free charging. 4. Summary of overall impression - Good rock solid product.  My one "compliant" would be I would prefer it had a slightly longer charging cable. I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation, and I promised that my review is fair and honest.
This is a great product. It goes into a low power mode when your phone is fully charged so it doesnt damage the battery. Love it
Very good feeling in the hand, much heavier than expected. Construction is of metal and high quality plastics, and the cable is very secure when inserted. Also it does what it says very well.
works great and was a fantastic value.
I have purchased 3 of these wireless chargers for my devices, paired with PowerLine+ Cables and Anker USB Wall Chargers. Have yet to have any issues with the wireless charger itself.
This is a great little charger that I keep by the bedside table.  Just put my phone down on it at night. No need to fumble around with wires anymore.  I have a Windows 950XL and a Mozo NFC case so nothing could be simpler.  If someone calls, I dont have to tug on the phone and unplug anything.  Plus, this device is inexpensive.  The little power light doesnt disturb at night because the body of the phone can easily be placed in a position to cover it. Good buy. Great little charger!
Kudos to Anker their Customer service is second to none. I first ordered two for my brother and me and neither worked. After two days on the charger I got frustrated and threw them out. Than I proceeded to give them a two star review. I was immediately contacted by Anker customer service and they sent me a new one that works great. W. T. G. Anker Im looking forward  to doing businesss with you again.
It does what it said.
I love this charger....i have a finger strap on the back of my phone and it still charges. Love it!!
Good charger.  Its not a super fast one but it does its job.  Cant beat the price when so many on the market seem so expensive.  We did like it enough to purchase two more.  Anker does seem to make decent products for decent prices.  Cant go wrong with that!
It was a gift.  They tell that it worked. I love mine ... No cords to connect.  Easy go
Ive been very satisfied with the 2 Qi wireless charges that I ordered, as I always am when I order an Anker product. Few companies actually are able to earn my loyalty and keep it like Anker has been able to do. But they provide great customer service and every product that I have ordered from them has been great (dating back to the days that I could order replacement batteries for my cell phone). The charger seems to charge my phone just as quick as a regular USB connection (though not as fast as a Quick Charge connection). It is incredibly durable. I toss mine into bags or directly into my car when I travel without worrying about damaging it. The connection works well, even through my phones protective case. I keep the second one on my end table in the living room and have used it for 4 months now. A tough to beat wireless charger for less than $20, it is a steal when you can get it on a Lightning Deal or one of Ankers many other sales.
Very persnickety placement. Had trouble keeping a Droid Turbo centered well enough to maintain charge. Would not charge through fairly thin phone case on my s7 Edge. Gave it 4 stars since I have no other experience with wireless charging, to base it on.
Works well...but a bit finicky in terms of phone placement.  Once you get it down, then setting the phone into a charging position is relatively easy.
Works great!!!
I had no idea my phone could use wireless charging.  But that realization and Amazon Prime Day coincided. The Anker charger was rated well and a reasonable price.  So I got it.  Now I wish all my devices supported wireless charging.
Its awesome to be able to set down my phone and have it charge without plugging it in. There is an indicator light that turns blue when your phone is charging which is very helpful.  Anker customer service was wonderful in helping to address an issue that  I had with the charger. I am completely satisfied with my experience with them and Ankers products
Even though this charger would not work with my specific phone Anker went above and beyond to help me with my problem.
I looked at a few wireless chargers before choosing this one. When it arrived, I tried it right away. My phone began charging instantly when I layed it on the pad. Ive had no issues with getting my phone to charge. Im happy with this charger.
Charger is small but not too small. I have a thin case over my Samsung Note 5 and it has no problems charging through the case. Only issue is the include cable is pretty short and could have used one that was 12" longer.
The charger is light and perfect for travel its not a fast charger but charges phone quickly.  You wont be disappointed with this charger.
use a good charger and it charges up fairly quickly
This has worked great for us for over a month now. My husband and sons have Galaxy S7s with cases on them. They just put the phone on the disk and it charges beautifully. Works every time and we dont have to fuss over how to place it. They just place it and go. Its so good I bought 3 just to have one for each phone and then one downstairs for general use. Wish my iPhone 6s+ had something like this. This is fantastic!
Great charger for the money! works good, doesnt charge super fast but gets the job done.
Works great! Quickly and easily charges my Galaxy S7
sweet lil charger. perfect for the bedside when you do not need a fast charge over night. Super convenient to just lay your phone down and fall to sleep. there is a rubber ring around the upper ring to help prevent the phone from sliding around. it is even strong enough to charge through slim cases.  at this price, the anker wireless charger is a real win
Nexus 6 user and I have found this thing works great. It charges THROUGH my supcase thin but hard shell case and works with my leather wallet case that has a solid leather and then rubber inner case to go through. Very happy with this, however it is a bit fussy to get working correctly at first.
works great with my LG G3.
Nice Qi charger. Compact enough to easily through in your backpack, briefcase, etc. to take on the go. Charges somewhat quicker compared to other units Ive owned. And the grip pads on top and bottom provide a secure surface for your device and the charger itself to keep things from sliding around. All in all, a very nice charger.
I received this about a week ago and seems to be doing what its supposed to. Delivery time was a little longer than expected but got here in one piece.
Fast charger works as well as Samsung.
I use this to charge a Samsung Galaxy S6. The original Samsung charger blinked its bright blue light all night long, which was very annoying.  The Anker charger has a very small LED that I barely notice at night. Its a smaller footprint than the Samsung, so it takes a few tries to align the phone on the charger. It didnt come with the wall charger so order one from Anker if you dont already have one.
With the cheap receiver it would only connect half the time but after getting a better receiver it works better.
Charging ok. Not fussy with how centered the phone is. Works great with Note 5 and 7.
Works well, easy to align phone correctly for charging. Bought 2.
This is the best way to charge my Samsung Galaxy 6. This is a good way to get around the fact that eventually the charging port on Galaxy smart phones becomes unusable. This happened to my S5 that didnt have wireless charging capability. I bought this for my S6 that has wireless chargeability. I charge my S6 on this whenever I am at home. It works great.
Easy to use, charges as expected.
My Android phone had stopped charging with a cord (the port on the phone is cracked). This wireless charger saved me buying a new phone. Works great!
Amazing price for how well this works. I just come home place my phone down and go on with my day knowing my phone is charging all while not having to mess around with cords! Works with my Note 5, Nexus 6, Nexus 7 with no problems. Only con.... charging a tablet for to long can get the device really hot but this can be solved by just not keeping it on too long as the battery is really big in tablets.
I like it!  It does exactly what its supposed to do. Satisfied.
Does what youd expect it to do. Ive found the charge is pretty slow, but not really a big deal if it just sits on your desk all day.
Ive got 3... nuff said
Works great with Galaxy S6
Another great product  from  anker
works very well.
I have to set the phone up just right for it to start charging. Its definitely not a fast charge, it does get the job done.
I use a work. Just set my phone on it and charge while listening to my music. Great purchase.
I purchased this charging pad with my Blackberry Classic, and have not had any issues at all. It does not take up much space on my desk, and works flawlessly. Not much more to say, its a great product at a great price.
Worked flawlessly straight out of the box.It fully charged my Nexus 7 tablet in a reasonable time.I am pleased I chose this charger.
Charges my LG G4 H815. Appears to be just as quick as plugging it in.
It is everything I had hoped for. Great job.
The Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad comes in a little light blue box. inside ther is: one usb port cable, one plug, the happy card, one welcome guide and the device. When I turn on the Wireless Charging Pad, (without the cellphone) one red light is on, that means it is charging the pad. When I put the cellphone on the pad, one blue light is on. I use my cellphone with a protective case, and also the pad made wireless charging. The phone must be placed in good shape centered on the device for optimum performance. The time of charging is good. For me it was nice and comfortable, because the phone is not connected to any type of cable. Note: I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation, and I promised that my review is fair and honest " or words with similar meaning.
The first one that I ordered didnt work on three phones that I have. But the company actually contacted me after my first review and they offered to replace it for free. The replacement  worked and I am happy. Great customer service. Anker really cares about their customers and backs their products.
Anker made another awesome product with this charger.  I was real hesitant about getting a charger like this, but now that I have it I dont know how I lived without it.  I had heard that cases could slow down wireless charging, and the thicker the case, the slower the charge.  I always keep mine in a case and I was afraid that it would add 4 hours to my charge time.  Turns out, not on this one!  A full charge takes my S6 around 1 hour 15 minutes, but with this wireless charger, it only adds about 15 minutes to that time.  I charge my battery every night so I just place it on the puck and I am good to go in the morning.  Puck/case get warmer than room temperature, but they dont get hot by any means.  The sweet spot on my phone is not right in the middle of the back, but down toward the bottom more, so YMMV.  I have had to adjust it a couple of times to find that sweet spot in the beginning, but now that I know where it is, it is set it and forget it.  Love this charger and I am planning on getting another one for my desk at work. I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation, and I promised that my review is fair and honest
Anker Wireless charger PowerPort QI works great with my Samsung Note 7. It only provide 6.317 watt (5.17V / 1.22A) power for my note 7, and yet it still charge faster than other wireless charger i have tried before. At first i had a issue with the wireless charger not do to the charger, but do to my smartphone case with magnetic plate for the car mount. After taking out the magnetic plate off everything was working great. If your looking for good low price wireless charger this is the one. I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation, and I promised that my review is fair and honest
no real complaints, phone doesnt always charge unless its positioned properly, but I suspect thats more an issue with the phone (Note 5) than the charger.
son loves it
This is the eighth Anker product I purchased (no free trials on any).  I ordered it in Nov of 2015 to charge my Nexus 6, it worked, but with limitations.  Once the charger sensed the phone has reached 100% charge, it shuts off permanently.  Hence the phone will begin to discharge on its own, by morning, it is no longer fully charged.  The % left in the battery depended on when it reached full charge during the previous evening, but often I found myself somewhere in the low 90s% when I picked it up. I contacted Anker and explained the problem to them in April 2016, they informed me they now have an updated version of the charger and sent me one.  The difference is the new version will trickle charge once the phone is topped off.  You will see the light cycle between blue and blue/orange, end result is the phone is already 100% charged when I picked it up in the morning.  Externally, the two chargers are identical, so the down side is there is no way to tell which version you get unless you know the cut-off serial number.  So my suggestion is to buy direct from Anker in Amazon to ensure you have the latest. I have only purchased Anker product for all my charging need.  The reason being they have an excellent customer service, when there is a problem, they always take care of me.
Only reason 4 stars is because its not a fast wireless charger
Have been using this on a Samsung S7. Even with a kickstand case, still charges as advertised. Just a bit touchy getting it centered up so it will go into charge, but this may be a function of having the kickstand case installed. Charges rapidly.
Works perfect with my Galaxy S7. I also purchased an Anker portable Quick Charge 2.0 and it is also perfect. Love this companys products. Have been using them for months, and recommend them to everyone.
Only con is that the auto shut off on full charge keeps it off until you take your phone off and place it back down.  So if you use this over night, the phone wont stay fully charged all night.  IF they could make it recheck phone status after being on the charger for so many minutes it would help.
How have I lived without this charger? LOL
Love this product - so easy to set phone on counter and it is charging.
The BEST accessory I have ever purchased for a cell phone. The charging port had gotten a little loose on my Note5 and I didnt want it to break any further. The Acker charging pad worked right out of the box. Love this and highly, highly recommend it.
Good quality item. Works fantastic. Exactly what I was looking for
This is great for night time charging because it is NOT A FAST CHARGER. The small led can be easily redirected to face away from you yet not bright enough to light up the room but enough to easily find your phone in the dark.
NOT FOR FAST CHARGING. But the product itself works good. The output is 1.0A so it charges my Galaxy s7 on the slower side. Its small in size and has a rubber ring on the top so the phone doesnt slide around.
Great item
Small and low-profile. Sometimes takes a moment to line up properly, but gets easier each time. Works well.
This wireless charger was just what I needed it.  Too bad it didnt come with the cord to plug into the wall.  I have to connect it to my computer in order for it to charge my phone.
Love it!!
Works great, even through my thicker phone cases.  So nice to just sit the phone on it and not have to fiddle with plugging it in just right.
Great to have.  I can leave my incision case on and place the phone down without worrying about lining anything up!  Now I need one for work and one by the bed and Im set!
I have the Galaxy Note 5.  This charges perfectly when I take my phone out of the otterbox, but it is very difficult to find the right position when it is still in the case.
Only wish it was bigger but great product
I bought one of these since it seemed our connections always went bad on our chargers. Its AWESOME!!! It DOES however turn off after the phone charges to 100%, so I dont use it at night. BUT we DO keep them on our desk during the day. Plugging up and unplugging wasnt convenient, so we like to be able to just sit it down and have it charging when not in use! Best investment YET on these charging cords and devices! Disclaimer: we have only had them 2 weeks, so still working like a charm
Charges fast, no set up and simple 2 light notifications makes it easy to know when the phone is charging and completed
I have 2 of these, and have bought a couple as gifts. As long as they have a solid 2A or higher charger connected, they perform great. It is a shame the phone manufacturers are shying away from Qi, I prefer wireless charging to quick charging, although better battery life would be the perfect solution. If I am going to have to charge multiple times, I prefer to just set down the phone, rather than keep plugging in. If you have ever had a micro USB port wear out and no longer charge, it is easy to understand why. I have had a couple devices do this. Also, my family is very hard on USB cables, they rarely last more than 6 months. That is no longer an issue on the devices that use Qi. This charger has literally paid for its self, by cutting down on the number of new cables I have to buy.
Works well, very easy and convenient, wish they all could recharge this way.
This wireless charger seems to work great. I hate that you have to have the position "just so" but I think thats expected with any wireless charger. I would recommend this. Its cheaper than several models and works just as well.
This is an updated review, Id initially given it 1 star assuming the product didnt live up to expectations. I had initially connected it an old 0.5A charger, which wasnt even enough to keep the device ON. Ankers great customer support contacted me and asked me to try a different charger, so I switched to a 2A charger and now all is well. This is not a fast wireless charger though, (unlike the Samsung one), but it does a good enough job with the 1A output. Thanks Anker.
Does what it says. Just dont expect it to quick charge your phone. I use it to charge my phone overnight.
The product arrived as promised, Two day shipping! Enjoy using the wireless charger, after finding the sweet spot.
My only complaint is that with a case on my phone, I have to position it precisely to get it to charge.
Works very good!
works well with Samsung Galaxy S7
Overall great product. Small size makes it easy to carry. The charge indicating lights are extremely handy, especially alerting you when your device is fully charged, or not being charged. Its also capable of charging my phone with my phone case still on. Only complaint is that the size of the charger occasionally makes finding the "sweet spot" for charging your device a pain.
I use this Qi wireless charger on my desk at work. I can easily place my Samsung S7 on the charger or pick it up on my way to a meeting without getting tangled up in the wires.
Solid product for the price. Smaller the Samsung but well made and just as fast at charging. The indicator light in the front is bright and gives you quick feedback as to whether your phone is charging or not.
Anker a great company and just like any other Anker product Ive ever bought I havent had one issue with this device.
Love this charger!
I am sure this Anker Wireless Charger will work for some people but it did not work well with my Nexus 6. I set it down and because of the curved back at times it seemed it stopped Charging. I could set it there when I go to sleep and wake up and it never charged. I dont think this is a faulty Item It just doesnt work well with the Nexus 6 Pros- Quality for the price Will do the Job for Some You just get the best out there as far as customer support. Cons- Doesnt work well with my phone. Alittle Slow but thats Wireless charging for now. (Update) Though this product did not work for me and I have written this review possibly a year after purchasing this product Anker reached out to provide a very exceptional customer service and getting my needs met. I am very satisfied with other products of this company and would never doubt their ability to make a great, quality product.
I have a 2012 Nexus 7 tablet which has a broken usb port, so I pretty much gave up using it. A friend reminded me that the Nexus has wireless charging. Back when i bought the tablet, witless chargers were in the $60 range which I though was way too much for a charger. It seems that 4 years later the prices have fallen quite a bit.  I ordered the Anker Charger and it works great. Now I have my tablet back again. I must not have read the dull description print because I assumed that this included the actual plug in charger, it does not. However I have plenty mini usb chargers around so it was no problem.
It does the charging that it needs.
I dont really use it much, its okay.
A great way to charge your phone, without wearing out your micro-sub port. Works great for my Samsung S7
This is such a cool product!  Its small and it works great.  The only concern is have is how slow it charges, other than that its amazing.  I have an otterbox case on my phone and it charges through that so I dont have to remove my case every time I set my phone down to charge it.
Works as intended! Love not having to plug in a cable to charge.
Charged great
I like this a heck of a lot.  Its fast.  It is mostly convenient for people literally "on the run".  I always have an issue with charging my phone and suddenly grabbing it and going.  Except its connected to the charger.  YIKES. This has alleviated that problem.  I can grab and go without the constraints of a cord !!!
Whats not to like?  Its small and it does what its supposed to do.
exactly as described
Works with Samsung S7 and S6. Have take out of rubber outer of otter box which is a pain.
Received this Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad and very satisfied with the build quality. Contents of the box: The box comes with PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad, microUSB cable and the charger block. Quality: The quality is really good and feels great. Bottom has a rubber pad which kind of holds this in place. Feels metal and premium. Notifications: Has 2 LED lights - Red means ready, Blue light means the device is charging. Love the cute small design as it doesnt occupy much space on my workstation. This one is 5V/1A output charger and hence the charging takes bit longer. Also, since the charger is relatively smaller, make sure the device is positioned properly for charging. It took around 2 hrs for 30-80% charge on S7. This wireless charger is best to repeated small charges when you are off the calls and dont expect fast charging. Overall, I am happy with this due to design, quality and price. This one is a sample unit which I received and my review is an honest opinion and of my own.
I have been using the Anker Wireless charger for a couple of days, and just like all the other Anker products, I am impressed. I love everything about this wireless charger, and Anker products in general.
It is so convenient to just set your phone on this to charge.  Just remember to have a wall charger for this to plug into. Remember to be patient when you set your phone on it to start charging, It takes 3 or 4 seconds for it to recognize your phone and start charging.
Love this wireless charger works great and had no problems with it
Nothing fancy, but works like a champ. It is nice to be able to just set my phone down on my night stand and not worry about plugging it in. (Only QI enabled device in the house so the family is "borrowing" my charging cable any more?!)
Device was delivered earlier than expected, was very well packaged with clear instructions.  My cable fits into the connection port securely.  There is no fiddling or fussing necessary to begin charging.  I just lay my tablet (Nexus 7) flat on the charger surface and immediately get the blue "charging" signal.  The Anker charges my tablet about 6 times quicker than my previous charger.  Highly recommend.
It does what it is supposed to. My only complaints are that it is a little small for most phones, which requires a bit of a balancing act, and it takes about 20 seconds to trigger the "charging" indicator. That just adds to the complication of finding the perfect placement on the pad. But once it starts charging, it works as it should.
Wireless charging is the best and this thing is so much cheaper than what Samsung sells. I have to balance my S7 edge on this thing but its easy to tell when Ive got it right because there blue light turns on. It works through my cover but not my cover with proxcard. Oh well, I just put that in my wallet instead.
My old phone recently broke and I could only charge wireless. I tried the expensive Samsung charger, but found it to be slow (for my droid turbo 2) and over priced. The Samsung charger did not even charge half as fast as a normal cable. Then I tried this. This charges close to normal cable charging speeds, and is very easy to use and inexpensive. For less than half the price, I now have a wireless charger that performs better than the big name ones. Now I wont have to worry about micro usb wear on my new phone and wont have to sacrifice charging speed either. Ended up returning the Samsung charger and never looked back.
i had some issues with the previous charger but thankfully they sent me a new one and it has worked really well. I appreciate they sending a new charger. Awesome..
Awesome and a lot cheaper than samsung
I love my new charger....
This charger is fast & easy, great purchase!
The product came quickly and well packaged.  I have been very pleased with the charging times for mine and my wifes phones.  It also works well despite the covers we have on our phones.  I love not having to plug and unplug a cord to charge my phone.
Worked as promised
Good product, no complaints, no issues with the charger itself. Two things to keep in mind, as I read several articles and quite a few reviews before deciding on this one: 1. Description does mention product does not come with AC adapter, but I completely missed that when purchasing. Its just odd/inconvenient to buy a charger that you cant use, unless you buy/own a separate part. Make sure you have a USB AC adapter that is 2 amps, which luckily one of mine was. I understand thats part of the reason the price is so good, and they clearly tell you on the description, so thats my fault and shouldnt be held against them. 2. Wireless charging is not as fast as wired charging. This is a charger for convenience, not speed, and I find it perfect for the "pop the phone on the charger before you fall asleep" situation, as it charges the phone overnight and stops charging when phone hits 100%.
I absolutely love this charger. This is the best one and only one I have ever purchased. I use this to charge my Microsoft Lumia 950 XL and it charges fairly fast.
Perfect
Works as described on my Samsung note 5 and I purchased a Qifull Ultra-thin Qi Standard Wireless Charging Receiver Module for Samsung Galaxy S5 and it works great  with it to
Great product.  Very happy
I love this charger. It charges through my otterbox on my galaxy note 5.
Really like this charger. All you have to do is lay your phone in charger. This is much cheaper at Amazon than at your phone store.
Good product and works well with my Galaxy S6.
just ok
it is very easy to use and it working good!!!!!!
Works just fine but the lights are very bright when Im trying to sleep.
Another Excellent Anker product
Great product
Works great with my wifes GS6. She has a case so you have to place it on there just right.  Does not work with my GS6 with an otterbox. Hard to blame that on them.
Nice wireless charging pad, works well with my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge. Its a nice size, smaller than the stock Samsung wireless chargers. A couple of times when my phone was charging the phone and the pad ran hot. I dont know if it was because I had a case on (it does charge with a Verus brand case) but still charged just fine.
Product arrived within the 2-day Prime window and has been functioning without issue since arrival. There are no heat issues or under charging issues. I am using this charger with a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.
Works great at the office because im constantly moving around. I can grab my phone and go.
Work good for my S7.
Works great! I have a Samsung Note 5. It charges fast!
Charges my Samsung S7 fast. I have to take my cover off because it is not as powerful as a Samsung Qi charger, but does the job.
I am using this with my Samsung Galasy S6 and it works well. Its a lot slower than charging with the charger that came with the phone, but its ideal to use at work when you have your phone on the desk most of the time anyway.
Arrived on time. Works great!
Works well.
Life saver. As we all know the Galaxy S3 port is a weak point. Eventually it inevitably broke - even when it was plugged in the connection would connect and disconnect like crazy, sometimes charging it and sometimes not. I Finally got this and a connection to my phone battery and it worked like a charm. The phone sits perfectly,, though Im sure a larger phone or tablet would have a little trouble. The signal isnt the strongest so it takes a lot of weird maneuvering to get a connection to actually get made. And sometimes even this would have the rapid connect and disconnect problem, though that could have been this or the transmitter, its pretty unclear. This is perfect for a wireless charge station if you need and I like that its compact so I could take it to and from work with ease. Next time I have a phone that can use one of these things I may see about one with a larger transmission surface so I dont need to carefully find the sweet spot but honestly that was rarely an issue for me. Id buy this again if my current one died on me for sure.
This is my first foray into wireless charging so I was a little apprehensive. Not wanting to spend a lot of money I picked up this little charger on a whim. I have to say Im pretty happy with it. It charges through my tech 21 case just fine. As others have mentioned it takes a little bit to find The Sweet Spot to get charging to start but that is not a limitation of this little charger just the technology overall. Once found the charger does its job nicely. Nothing fancy but works like a charm.
Works well. My Nexus tablet USB port was getting flaky and wouldnt charge, so picked this up to be able to charge my device. So far works as advertised. One nit is that with the tablet its a bit touchy to get it aligned so it charges. Have to look sideways underneath to see when the LED switches to indicate the connection.
Works with phone case but makes the samsung s7 hot hot hot!
I put the phone down and it charges! Whats not to love! As long as my phone is basically in the middle, this charger recognizes it and goes to town!
use it everyday and love it
my changing port broke so i bought this to charge my phone. it easy to use and  works very well on my samsung phone.
Works well, but you need to place your phone just right.
Works great. Charges as expected. Wished it would charge a little faster but I didnt knock it because of that as I think thats just the nature of wireless charging. I did knock 1 star off because its a little small. I use it with my Nexus 6 and maybe its just because the phone is large but its not a very easy to blindly locate on my desk. Once you find it its very easy to place it for a charge but finding it is the hard thing. The LED charging indicator on the side is nice but it hides under the phone and is hard to see.
I have been using this with my Samsung Galaxy S6 plus. I have a relatively thin case on my phone. This does charge my phone, but I have to be careful about how I place my phone on it. You cant just place it and walk away, or you might find out later it didnt start charging. Its best to make sure the charging starts before you leave it, because I usually have to fine-tune the placement. One thing I didnt like is that it doesnt come with the power outlet adapter. It only has the wireless charger and the cord. I had to plug it into the charger that came with my phone. It does not charge as quickly as a wired connection, but its fast enough to be effective. I also wish I had purchased a wireless charger that also works as a stand, rather than this one that lays flat. I might have to make a stand with this built in. I like to lay in bed and watch videos as I fall asleep with my phone on the nightstand. I can do that with a wired connection, but not with this charger. A stand version would be better.
I could not be more happy.  It works like a charm.  It could not be more simple to use.  I do have to occasionally move the phone to center it before it starts, but that could be because I have a thick case.  Great charger and a great price.  It is even fairly fast.
So easy to use, works with Galaxy 5
Small surface area. Overall nice product. For a large device like my Galaxy S6 Edge you need to find the sweet spot upon placement, but as long as you do that it works well.
Good quality. Woeks well
Very good, I recommend it to everyone!
I love this wireless charger works great never fails to charge takes up to an hour to charge a dead battery.
I got a Galaxy Note 5 a little over 30 days ago and I am so glad it has wireless charging baked in. For years Ive been annoyed by how easily micro USB ports break from daily wear and tear. If you charge once daily, thats 365 used of a port per year. Wireless charging fixes that. Plus if you are running out the door, there is no risk of damaging your phone or charing cable. My problem is that the official Samsung wireless charging solution is about $50. I was able to try it as Best Buy and its huge. You could probably put two phones on it. All that said, Im a bargain hunter and was thrilled to find the Anker Wireless Charger. Does it Work? Yes! and fast if your device supports fast charging (like a Galaxy Note 5 - about 2 hours) Looks: 5/5 - It has nice build quality and feels light yet solid. It feels well constructed. Functionality: 5/5 - it has rubber feet so it wont slide around. Its very light but once you set it down, it stays put. It has a red light for when its powered and a blue light for when its charging. Both lights come on when your gadget is fully charged. (nice) Observations/quirks: It is about the diameter of a hockey puck. So you will need to move your gadget around a little to get the charging sweet spot. This process is fairly easy because the blue light comes on when the device is charging. I would like to add that I put a case on my Galaxy Note 5 and that did not adversely affect the ability to charge. There is also a rubber ring on top so your device will not slide around if bumped. The lights on the charger are nice at night since you can find the charger in the dark and know when your device has been properly set on top. Final notes: 1.The product is nicely packaged with clear and simple documentation. Consider this a reminder that China can make great products too. 2. Make sure you have an AC adapter that provides the proper wattage via the included USB cable. The documentation and product description are very clear about this.
It works great, I dont even know its there and teamed up with a adaptive fast charger plug it cant be beat. I highly recommend it.
This thing rocks. Havent had a single problem at all
Charger works great as expected.  I had an issue with shipping from Amazon (was sent an incorrect item) and both Amazon and Ankers support departments were great to work with.  Charger seems to charge nearly just as quickly as a regular charger and the convenience factor is a great improvement over using a cable.  I would definitely buy again at this price.
Has worked great with my Galaxy s-6, even though the Otterbox case I have.  One night in, maybe, 20 or 30, something will happen, and the phone is not charged in the morning. But, for me, this is an acceptable price to pay for not having to find the plug in hole.  It is relatively easy to place on the charger and find the "sweet spot", and most nights, just setting it down casually is enough.
Works well, runs a little hot. I wish it included a wall wart/charging brick but it only includes the wireless charger and a micro USB to USB cable.
Very pleased with yet another Anker product. Works great and makes phone charging very easy. Worth the price and definitely an outstanding value.
I love this charger! The nonstop back keeps charger still in my slippery nightstand so I can find my phone in the dark. It is so easy to see with the blue light that my phone is charging. The construction of it feels very durable and strong. The price is so crazy low for such a great charger. I would recommend it to everyone who needs a wireless charger.
Getting your tablet center so It charges is annoying but I love this product. I love the fact I can charge it wirelessly.  Be careful if your tablet is near dead because for some reason I cant get mine to charge when its dead using this but otherwise it works fine.  (I have a nexus 7 i use it for)
This thing charges my Nexus 6 fine but it does have to positioned just right.  Also sometimes the cord pulls out slightly from the disk and you dont get charging.  I do like this and Ill probably order another one for work.
Works great!
The first and only wireless charger to work with my S6 with its case on.
Great device!  Charges my Samsung S6 very quickly.
Took a few seconds to find the sweet spot for my phone, but every charger like this you have to deal with, it depends on your specific phone. Got these at like $13 each, bought two immediately. they work amazingly. I have a pretty thick cover over my phone and it still picks up with no issues. Kind of wish it was a flat square model, but cant argue with the price.
This product met my expectations. Wireless is the way to go. Ive had no issues with this charger at all. Just set it and forget it. Ready to go when you hit the road. Great product for the price which is awesome!
I bought this and the JETech charger at the same time to test which wireless charger is better. The JEtech charger stopped working after the first 2 charges. The anker charger still works after over 30 charges and takes about 2.5 hours for a full charge. Anker again proves to be a reliable brand
UPDATE: Another update on my second update.  I was using a USB extension with this charger. Apparently, using a usb extension does not allow the unit to charge properly, which to me is weird.  But when I put a shorter 4 foot usb cable on the unit, it charges the Nexus6 and keeps it topped off overnight.
Wonderful purchase
Works as expected even with a case on the phone. Just lay the phone on top of it and it charges.
I love this item, I do not have to connect my Note again for charging. Thank you
This Is exactly what I wanted. No problems here. Not much to say about it other than it fulfills the needs that I wanted for this product. I enjoyed using this I guess? Seems reliable and trustworthy, but only time will tell. Ive owned it for about 3 weeks, and it has no problems but I will give an update in a couple more weeks to see how it goes.
Works great, doesnt come with a wall plug.
Works like a charm. Charges relatively fast. I use it every day. Great price on Amazon!
Out of the box and works fantastically. Price is wonderful and extremely happy with the product.
I bought this for my wifes phone (Nokia 928), which has a thick, soft rubber case.  I was afraid it wouldnt work, but it does.  She has to position the phone in just the right spot -- so that the lower third of the phone is centered on this charger, and then it works perfectly.  Im giving it full marks for working with a thick case, although you have to be understandably careful to position it just right.
Product works great and just as described. I use it with my Note 5 and even though a it works just fine. As a note to others, I tried using this charger with the USB cable that came with my Note 5 and my phone would go from charging to "wireless charging paused" every few seconds. I then switched to the USB cable that was included with the wireless charger and all was resolved.
That is an awesome product. It works even though my phone is in a case. Fast shipping and good service!
This is an excellent Qi wireless charging pad.  It is inexpensive but very well built.  It feels very solid - the plastics used are thick and rigid.  The top and bottom both have a rubber strip that runs around the perimeter of the pad.  It grips the surface of my nightstand and my phone (Galaxy S6 active) very well.  It makes an excellent connection right away if I just place the phone approximately centered over the pad.  I dont have to adjust and have it perfect like another pad I had purchased (for more $$).  I was also able to prop it up against a lamp and stand the phone on its edge against the charging pad.  That way I can use the dock clock function on the phone while it charges.  I have a case on the phone and it charges just fine with it.  The other charger I had required the phone be sans case - that alone was a deal breaker. I highly recommend this Qi wireless charger!  Im going to buy another one for work!
I picked up two of these. I leave one on my desk at work and I have the other one on my desk at home (and take it with me when traveling). These have been a great investment. I simply lay the phone down on top of it and it starts charging. No fumbling with a cord - just love it!
The Anker Wireless Qi charger is compact and well designed.  It has non-slip rubber on the top & bottom to keep the charger & your phone firmly in place while charging.  A blue LED light tells you when your phone is positioned correctly for charging. A red LED indicates not charging.  The charger stops charging once the battery is completely charged.  Thus saving your phone battery from potential over-charging.  A Micro USB cable is included for the charger base.  I am very happy with this purchase.  And as always...  Ankers price & reputation for manufacturing quality products were very important in my decision to purchase this particular charger.,
Works great on Note 5, bought  another.
Works perfectly with the Note 5. I wish it had an AC adapter.
Very good
Nicely built with status indicator lights. Charges my Nexus 5 at a slower rate though, about 3.5 hours for full charge vs. the 1.5 hrs. taken using the 1A USB connection. Dont know whether its phones limitation or this chargers. Attached screenshot to show the measured amperage. Overall, happy with the purchase.
Simple charger that works great. Light lets you know if you are charging.
Works well and my phone doesnt over heat.  The only thing is the blue indicator light is really bright.  Enough to bother me while Im sleeping so I have to position it away from my face which isnt too big of a deal I guess.  Or they couldve just made it not so bright.
Worked right out of the box and so far its working great. A reasonable priced alternative to samsung ones. Too bad it doesnt come with its own charger but I have plenty of those lying around so it wasnt a big deal for me.
Charges phone but with a lot of heat which makes phone take twice as long as pluging it in to charge.Update, customer service contacted me almost as soon as review went public wanting to make things right, really nice to deal with.New one came the other day and works great.Otterbox case it to thick you have to take the outer rubber layer off when you lay phone on charger for it to work .
Works on most of my electronics
Works great, smaller than I thought but my iPhone fits on it perfectly. Has rubber on the bottom to stop it from moving, I have it on a glass night stand and it doesnt move around. Also has a ring of rubber around the top edge to keep the phone on top. Only bad thing is the blue charging light can be pretty bright at night. Not too big of a deal, you can cover it with electrical tape if needed.
I use Anker charging products because they work great and are cheap. The Charging Pad was no exception, works good charging my Nexus7 and my Galaxy S6 Active. This model is very small in size compared to my samsung wireless charger, but it still works good.
I keep this one right next to my bed - it works like a charm.  I dont think you can go wrong with anything made by Anker - so far I have about 5 products by them and I am very happy with their quality
Works perfectly for my s6 edge plus
Phone: Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Charger works well and as advertised. As you can tell from pictures posted, its not a large unit. The only issue is that sometimes, if I dont place it right, it wont actually charge. Not sure if this is an issue with my unit or a general problem, but has happened twice since I purchased. This is really a luxury and charges just as well as any traditional charger. I tend to use my plugged in charger if Im short on time and use this unit for overnight charging.
100% satisfied
thank you so much for being reasonable in price. Works great with my Samsung Note 5 and S6 Active!  It works very well with my Note 5 wallet cover. This WINS over Samsungs OVER PRICED charging pad. They both do the same thing & have pretty much the same internals!! No brainer, GET THIS!! BTW, sure i could have just purchased the Qi inductive charging pads and did a DIY project for cheaper. This was a much more convenient route to go.
Works great with my SG6.  Have had it for a couple of months now.  Would recommend this wireless charger.  Takes longer to charge up the phone compared to the turbo wall charger but does its job well.
Works like a champ and very easy to use. This company got this out fast and in a good package.
Charges wonderfully.  Nexus 7 in a case.  Would give five stars if it didnt overheat occasionally and stop charging.  However, considering my daughter broke the USB charging/data port on her tablet this was a great solution to keeping it charged.
Very good charger, my Lumia 1520 charges within one hour,
This is the first wireless charger I have used and it seems to work well.  It charges my phone and doesnt seem slow. Might be nice to put it in something that holds the phone up at an angle for desk use. I use it with a Galaxy Note 5
I have purchased several Anker Products with good result. The charger works very well. Its small and takes little desk space. Charging time seems equal to a normal corded charge. The package included the charging disc , USB cable and an insert with instructions. AC power brick is not included. You need to use one with a 2A output as stated in the insert, or the wireless charging will cycle on and off. It would have been convenient had AC adaptor had been provided, as most of my spares do not have an output of 2A. To be fair, the listing clearly stated it was not included.
Nice produce. I have my Note 5 in an Otter Box Commuter, and it still charges. Placement can be tricky sometimes, but I attribute that to the case. Charge time is fast.
Very satisfied with the quality of the product. Charges my Note 5 from 0 to 100% in about 2 hours and 45 minutes. You definitely need to have a 2amp charger for it to work flawlessly. No overheating problem at all. It slightly warms up the battery like all wired chargers which is quite natural when charging a battery.
Edit:  ANKER contacted me after reading my original review to ask about my issues and immediately processed an exchange.  I was apprehensive at first because I thought maybe all of the charging pads would create this same heat.  It turns out that I received a unit with a manufacturing error because the second one works great. Not only does it work great but it looks great too.  Small, black puck design.  This is a perfect design for a desk at work and its inexpensive enough to buy a couple extra to have around the house in different places.  My wife likes it as well. Wish I could give 0 stars. Shipping speed was excellent.  Packaging is beautiful and the charging puck is very simple and looks great, which I appreciate.  Buyer beware:  NO RETURNS ACCEPTED ON THIS PRODUCT!?!?!?!? I have purchased ANKER products recently and I love their charging chords and wall chargers.  So far all of that equipment works well.  This item, however is either defective or poorly designed. I purchased for my wife to charge her Samsung s7 while at her desk at work.  After thoroughly testing this item with both her Samsung phone and my IPhone 6s, w/ wireless charging antenna, I realized quickly that the device and phones become quite hot to the touch after only a short time charging. We have three other qi chargers that work perfectly on both of our devices without transferring any heat to our phones (Seneo 3 coil charging stand, Spigen 3 coil charging stand, and a Samsung charging puck).  After using the other three premium devices it is quite clear that this heat transfer is not normal and probably not good for the batteries in the phones.  So, because of this heat transfer I do not trust the device.
Yeah works great with my Galaxy Note 5.
Works like it says  i love it
I have this charger for around 3 weeks. 1. It is almost impossible finding good charging position for your phone. Expect spend about 10 min for this operation every time. 2. Slow charging - from 32% to 58% for a whole night (phone Galaxy S4) with 2A output wall charger. 3. I never got an indication that my phone is fully charged. 4. Phone charging indicator turns blue even if your phone is not charging at all. It is a  total waste of money... Update: 05/03/2016. After this review has been published vendor contacted me and replaced the item for free. The item I received is working properly. I am  using it for a week. Currently I do not have any problems with this gadget. Updating to 4 stars (Id set it to 5 if the first item was as good as its replacement.
Works great. And it does stop charging if your device gets too hot which is an added bonus.
Does everything I expected. Not too large. Fits in my coat pocket. And charges my phone at least 0 - 100% three times.
Anker has done it again with this one. When I bought my Galaxy S7, I was wary about wireless charging because I like to keep my phone inside an Otterbox Defender. Truth be told, this thing actually works with the Defender. I was baffled and extremely happy at the same time. Considering the Anker wireless charger is half the price of the Samsung one, I would recommend this one.
Excellent product and very compact.  I have this on my desk at work and never miss a beat on keeping my Nexus 6 charged.  Great product and a very fair price.
My charger arrived 3 days earlier than I was told it was coming. And it works great, if your phone works with a wireless charger Id recommend this product.
Arrived on time, works as advertised
Charges my phone well, I like the lights that tell you when its charging and when its not. Works through my rugged case and my wallet case. Good product
This little guy is performs better than most single-coil Qi chargers Ive tried. If you have a bigger phone it can be challenging to get it positioned perfectly due to its small size, but it always charges to 100%, doesnt get too hot like some other units, and it charges through my Spigen case on my LG V10. Great deal, but if youve bought Anker products before you know you can expect quality.
Works as advertised.  No issues.
Just what I needed! I needed a spare for work and this fits the bill! Looks professional on my desk, works fine. Kinda slow. I like the fact that it has a metal edge. Makes it look like a high quality piece.
works great
This is great at work. instead of just setting my phone on the desk, this gives me a place to "park" it and it charges at the same time!
At first the charger had a hard time detecting the phone because I have a cover on my S6. After a few times of using and learning where to place the phone, it started working with no problems even with the case on. Overall very happy with this product.
Love all the Anker products i have purchased so far. they make really nice quality products. The charging is fast enough. Its not the super fast my S6edge+ is capable of but its still fast for wireless. and coming from a non fast charging phone. Its perfect. It will perform better if you areusing a 2A charger. I use the charger plug that came with my phone. LOVE THIS.
Have two of these units, both are performing well with my nexus 7 tablets.
Edit: Anker reached out to me multiple times to make sure this was addressed (it has been). Another reason why I wouldnt hesitate to buy Anker again. Typically I love and have never had issues with Anker products, so of course I threw away the packaging once I opened it (blind trust). The only goo thing I can say about this is, I now have another USB Micro cord I can use. The charger itself either charges my phone "up" to 82% or lets my charge "drop" to 82% (maybe 82 is the new 100). Nexus 6, doesnt seem to work with the case (slim Spigen) on or case off. Upset I didnt save the packaging. Anyone have a suggestion for a good Nexus 6 wireless charger?
Been using this everyday for about two months now.  Charges my Galaxy S6 with a Evutec Karbon S Osprey case on it with no issues.  Not as fast as an Adaptive Fast Charger but way more convenient. Minor gripe if I dont center the phone on the pad occasionally it wont start charging.
This charger sits on our kitchen counter and is the perfect spot for our phones to land when we get home. Small enough to not stand out or take up space on my counter, but large enough that is holds the phone well. Worked perfectly right out of the box. Considering purchasing another for next to the bed.
I use this to charge my Galaxy s6. Works bit sometimes I can find the sweet spot when I lay it down on the charger. Led light on the side helps you know if you are charging
Tried on Nexus 4 & Nexus 5. Works great. Light is poorly positioned on charger and sometimes its hard to see if the phone is charging or not.
With an on-the-go lifestyle, it can become quite easy to forget to put your phone on charge. Finally, I purchased a phone with wireless charging and found a solution to this problem: the Anker wireless charger. After using it for a few days, here is what I have noted: PROS: -The item is very convenient. Whenever I walk in the door, I can set down my phone on the charger right next to where my keys go. -The product appears to be very good quality. -The rubber on the pads prevent any movement of my phone or the charger itself. -The lights on the side are a nice touch. It alerts you to when your phone is completely charged. CONS: -There is no power brick. -Certain cases have to be removed in order to charge wirelessly. Overall, this charging pad is a fantastic value and provides me with the convenience I desired. I can highly recommend this to anyone searching for a wireless charger. This is one of many Anker products I have purchased and my expectations have been fully met. My experience with them continues to be a good one and I plan to do business with them again as my charging needs arise.
Good product great price
Works great.  Ordered 2.  Works with Note 5 with Otterbox Defender and a S6 with Otterbox Defender.
Basic well wording amd well made charger.
product works great with my Nexus 6.  it is convenient to be able to just place your phone on a charging pad instead of plugging and unplugging your device destroying your charge port.  my only complaint is the speed that it charges.  It takes about 3hrs for a full charge instead of the normal hour.
This Anker wireless charger works great on my S6 Edge plus!  I plugged in the charger, place my phone on top, and it started charging it right away.  Delivery was on date expected.
Works great with Nexus tablet.
Works as described and I love wireless charging for the S6. Delivered on time with no issues. Ive been buying Ankur products for a while and they have always proven to be good quality, reliable, and best of all, affordable.
This is my first wireless charger. I had tried a few friends chargers just to get the feeling down. It really couldnt be simpler. Plug in the charger, put phone on charger, done. Probably works the same as just about any other charger out there. I was surprised at just how small it really was. You probably wouldnt want this for a tablet, just because it would be hard to see if you hit your target spot. For me, it is just a tad smaller than the width of my Nexus 5, so I can line it up pretty easy. Makes charging overnight a breeze. Set my phone down for the night, no issues. The included cord is pretty short. 3 ft about. I needed a little more so I swapped in a cord I wasnt using at the time. It stinks, but it doesnt come with the power adapter either. This may or may not be a problem for you, but it wants 2A in, which not all phone chargers do. Most seem to top out at 1.5A. Also, not everyone wants to use wireless charging exclusively and probably want to use their original power adapter as a backup. Just something to factor into your potential cost. I also bought the Anker 2 pack wall chargers specifically for it (ASIN:B00WHTW4QK).
It seems to work well and the price was fantastic.  It is a shame that I didnt know in advance that it wants a 2A wall power source.
Other wireless chargers have been flimsy and slow but this one does the trick for my kyocera brigadier.
Works Great and a Nice Price!
Anker did well with this charger. It charges fast and works well. It has a nice tacky rubber ring that nicely grips the phone while its resting on the charger.
This is just what I needed for my Nexus 7 2013 because the micro USB port quit working. But this is just what I needed to charge my Nexus 7. I couldnt be happier with this product. The build quality is solid with the weight and the cable that also came with the product. The only issue with the product is the cable length which isnt a huge deal but would be nice if it were a little long so the charger could be away from the ledge of the table.
The charger works great. Its slightly difficult to hit the sweet spot for charging though. Sometimes I return to find it isnt connected to the charger. I have to move it around until my Galaxy S6 starts charging.
Remember when HP had their Touchpad fire sale?  I got one and loved it!  Why start my review this way?  Because one of my favorite things was the fact that it had an accessory called the "touchstone."  This was a tablet stand that wirelessly charged the touchpad.  When the touchpad finally gave up the ghost, I got myself a Nexus 7, which supports wireless charging.  I didnt bother buying a Qi charger until I started having problems with charging my tablet with certain micro-USB cables: some would work and some would not.  I decided I needed a wireless charger to save my micro-USB port. I have been using Anker products for years now, so I checked them out and found this charger.  It is really good!  It isnt too big but, despite its size, it is easy for me to get it to connect and charge my Nexus 7.  It charges my tablet well.  You do need to provide your own 2-amp USB charger, but that was no problem for me.  It came with a USB cable, and I have an Anker lamp on my nightstand that has a 2-amp USB charging port built in! The only thing I didnt like (which is the case of all of the Qi chargers I looked at) is that the "puck" lies on the table surface and you place your device on top of it.  Like I mentioned above, I got spoiled with my touchstone charger.  I decided that I was going to build my own charging tablet stand using this Anker charger.  It doesnt look pretty, but it does the job, and I love it!  I just used some romex (household wiring) wire, fashioned a stand out of it and attached my Anker charger to it.  I was glad that it was small now, because the romex wire easily bent around it and helped support it.  You can check it out in my pictures.  I have also been able to free up some space on my nightstand!
First one was defective. Replacement works fine, and the price, $12.00 cant be beat.
This is a well built product that works as directed. I will be buying more for around the house and office. It even works in the truck with the 12 volt charger.
Works great at home and office.  Perfect convenience
Great product!!!
Had issues earlier but after contacting customer care it was rectified. For this product to work with my note 5, i had to use a 2.0 A charger
It doesnt matter how I align my Galaxy S6 on this, it works great!
I purchased this for my Galaxy S6. It worked well for about a day, but then had an issue where it would disconnect and reconnect with my phone over and over again and never actually charging. After trying with different 2.1A wall adapters and different outlets, I continued to have the issue. Contacting customer service, they were very quick about replacing the charger. It was a very good experience working with them. After receiving the replacement, it works just like I would expect. I have not had any placement issues, though I always center my phone on it. While its not as fast as a 2.1A charger, it does seem to charge quicker than the 1A chargers I have. If I had to pick one con, its with the fact that you basically cant use your phone while its charging. This is not a big problem and something that affects all wireless chargers due to the fact that your phone just sits on the device. The big thing I like about this is that I have it at my desk at work. So even if Im only going to be at my desk for 15 minutes, I can just sit it down and pick it up when I leave. No fighting to plug it in or unplug it.
Excellent product.
I already own an Anker-branded portable charger which has served me well on my journeys to Syria and Jordan, so I was curious to try out their Qi wireless charger for use with my Samsung Galaxy Tab S6 smartphone. It arrived quickly and it was a breeze to use from the first plug-in. I even have a TPU-case on my S6 smartphone and it transfers the charge without any problems. Also, I did not encounter any issues finding the charging sweet spot under my cell. Basically I just plunk it down somewhere towards the middle and it works! A notification came up on my cell showing at least 1-1/2 hours for a full charge; however it seems to have charged the cell in much less time. The back of my TPU case did feel slightly warm during the charging process; however it did not get hot. The Anker charge light shows up as blue while charging and red when it is not. When the charging process is over, both blue and red lights come on and hold steady until you remove your cell. The warmth dissipates very quickly soon after; it definitely wasnt anything to worry about. It also works when plugged into a PC monitor or via the usual wall power outlet. Even when plugged into my PC monitor, the charge-up time seemed amazingly quick. Ill have to time it from zero charge next time to see if my guess is correct. Im very pleased with this purchase and will buy another charger for use at work!
So this is the 2nd Anker wireless charger that I have purchased. This one works great, I bought it so I could take the first one to work and have it on my desk. The rubberized top and bottom work as they should and neither my charger or my phone slide off.  My phone does not get hot thanks to the built in capabilities of the charger. Bottom line is this, I have purchased a number of items from Anker and have never been disappointed in the products or the customer service. They have won my return business.
Update: ankers costumer service reached out and sent me a replacement, the replacement worked great but  ankers costumer service is even better. Still gave 4 sars because the first one that I received was defective. It t constantly turns off by itself, just a waste of money and time!
This charger is great. It is made of aluminum so its sturdy. It has held up to a few spills of water surprisingly. My only complaint would be that it is kind of small. Since its small its difficult to find the sweet spot if you have a bigger phone or a tablet but dont let this detur you from buying. Its a minor inconvenience.
Smaller unit than I expected, works great, I am a big anker fan they make excellent products that in my experience exceed quality of many phone makers first party gear. Non slip ring is a nice touch for those phones with a qi sweet spot.
Works perfectly.  Get them asap.
Works really well. Now at first when i received my wireless charger i put my phone on it and without any adjustment it started charging right away. I was a bit disappointed when it came down to the speed of charging that was happening but as other reviews pointed out "thats just wireless charging i guess". I looked at the specs and compared them to other specs wireless chargers had and by far this one was the best one. I am excited for the purchase and I will soon be buying a second one for the office. Unless anker comes out with another model that includes fast charging then best believe that i will be the first in line for that one as well. Thank you anker for making quality products at an affordable cost.
Quality product from Anker as expected. Charges my 7 Edge nicely.  No sense in paying 3-4x for the Samsung brand.
Simply works. Fast and looks nice. Works with a protective case on my Galaxy S7 Edge which has about 2mm thickness on the back.
The product itself is great. It charges phones quickly and has a nice shape. That said I think the device is a useless gadget and not something you would really need.
At first I couldnt get it working well. I read it would work with your phone case but, not so much. After taking off the case it charges fine. Im glad it is safe to leave in all night since it stops charging when it us at 100%. Great customer service also.
Nice product. Great service
it works great
This little wirless charger works really good, charge near full speed,  well Im happy with it, recommended
Works like it says. I have to say I dont use it as often as my wall charger. It seems to charge it a bit slower and you can use your phone while its charging.
Anker is awesome for cables, battery packs and compact wireless chargers!
Works great.  Bought more after first one.
I got the Anker Wireless Charger because I upgraded my phone to one that had built in wireless charging, and it seemed like a cool feature to use.  There were a lot of choices for chargers, but I went with Anker as Ive previously had good luck and know others who had good luck with Ankers external batteries.  Having recently gotten Amazon Prime, I was disappointed that it wasnt Prime eligible, but it had free shipping and arrived quickly anyway.  Several other reviews mentioned that it seemed finicky when placing the phone, but Ive had no problems with a Galaxy S6 (no case).  Ive not measured the charging speed, but it seems pretty quick.  All in all Ive been pleased with the purchase, and like not having to mess with plugging in a cord to charge my phone.
realy good!!!
Works GREAT!!  Very easy to use and easy to align for charging.  LED lights on the charger indicate if the phone is properly place and receiving a charge. the charger stops when the battery is fully charged or pauses if it detects that the batter is too hot.  Charge time is not bad at all.  It takes roughly 2 hours to completely charge a dead battery (on a Samsung S6) with this wireless charger, versus 1.3 hours using a wired rapid charger.  Plus, I have an Otterbox Defender case on my phone and the charger works perfectly well.
Works great. Exactly as advertised.
This is the second wireless Qi charger I have owned, and it is leaps and bounds ahead of my first wireless charger. The build quality is superb, and it charges my phone very quickly with a 2A wall charger. I was so impressed by this that I bought a second to keep on my desk at work. Highly recommend this charger!
I am very pleased with the quality and overall function of the item. Would recommend this item to others. Your price is to low!!! Richard French
Very simple and easy to use.  It seems like it charges slower than my 3 coil wireless charger, but it is also smaller and less expensive, so thats OK.  Very handy to use, and works perfectly with my iPhone 6S.
Love this wireless charger, it charges my phone fast and doesnt get my phone hot. Love this product , i would recommend.
I had been having problems charging my Nexus 7 overnight, so I decided to try wireless charging. After careful evaluation, it appeared that this Anker wireless charger was a good bet, so I ordered it. And I was right. It doesnt look like much, but it works just great. There is no question of whether or not my Nexus is charging with that bright blue light telling me it is. I know its not possible, but it seems that it even charges faster than when I was using the same wall wart to charge directly via USB. It just works, to steal someone elses tagline. I only have two very, very minor nits. I wish it would charge through my case, which seems to be just thick enough to not let my Nexus 7 be close enough. But since it is very easy to take my Nexus out of the case, and put it back in when I need to, it is not a big thing. The other thing is that while the red light (ready to charge) is just the right brightness, the blue light (charging) is just a little too bright. But a couple small pieces of tape solved that problem as well. All in all, this is a great charger, and well worth the money.
Had a precious one and it was super cheap, this one isnt as big as the official Samsung puck but it still charges very fast and you dont have to find the sweet spot as much as you have to with the cheaper ones.  Throw the phone on the pad and 9 times out of 10 its aligned.
It works as advertized. I like that it does not over charges the battery. The base is not as wide as the Samsung brand so one at times as to change the postion of the phone on the base before getting a connection. Great product and reasonable priced. I bought 2 and another on the way.
This charger does what it says, it wireless charges your phone. With my Note 5 Ive had no issues getting it to charge once I find the sweet spot, but that can be challenging.  I have to reposition the phone multple times before it starts charging.  I have other single coil chargers that dont have this issue.  That said, once you find the spot it works fine.  For the price its a great deal if you can deal with that small issue.
Works decently. The phone needs to be precisely in the right stop on the charger. Wont work if you have a metal plate in your phone case for a magnetic car mount.
Works great with my Samsung S5.  Very small and easy to use. Love that it has a rubber top to keep the phone in place.
Works well but had some issues detecting my phone. Anker reached out and replaced the unit for me.  Great company - I have 2 of there batteries as well.  The charger is still a bit touchy trying to get it to start charging but I am getting better at it.  My wife tends to be get it connected a bit easier than I do so may be different for other phones. Gave it 1 extra star due to the strong company support
Works with galaxy/fre case with no problem so far
Worked on my s6. Neat charger.
I have to place my Motorola Nexus 6 on it in a very specific way, but thats easy after a while.  I was a little skeptical that this was easier than plugging in the charging cable, but it is.  I have one on my desk at work, and another on my nightstand.  My phone rarely dips below 90% charge now.  The lights are a bit too bright for the dark bedroom, I need to get some black tape, or something.
This thing is amazing...even works with my phone cover on.
This is a handy charger that takes up litte to no space and does a terrific job. As many have stated Anker relly has a handle on chargers so there was very little surprise.  I purchased this for use with my Galaxy S6 and the charging time is relatively fast; it only took 30 minutes longer than charging with a standard cable and power block. Placing the phone for charging isnt jard to figure out. You simply place the center of the phone on the "puck" and youre charging almost instantly. The only areas of concern that Ive had thus far is that it comes with a very short micro usb cable  and NO power block. This simply means that you have to make sure you have a good spot mear an outlet to place it. As for the power block, its a minor inconvenience but if youre charging ab phone with wireless charging capabilities, you almost certainly already have one.  Besides, when it comes in at nearly a third of the cost of the Samsung wireless charger, that concern is easily wiped away.
Excellent product--liked mine so well I bought one for my son.
Galaxy S6 in thin Tech 21 cover: I have 4 Qi chargers including this one. One quit working. The other two still work but seem quite slow. This one charges the phone as fast as a typical charger charges a typical cell phone... Maybe 2 hours from pretty flat - 100%.  Also it does not seem to heat the phone as much as the others do. I just ordered another one.
Does what its advertised. Ive been using it for about a week and its convinient. I like the hockey puck design and doesnt take up the space on your table. I use this on my computer table.. Im buying their fast charge version soon and Im gonna be using this downstairs.
AMAZON:  Amazon was very helpful in getting a replacement, after being shipped a plastic table cloth the first time instead of the charger. SELLER/SHIPPING:  Shipping was about 1  1/2 weeks from KY to TN.  Thats entirely too long, even for gov shipping.  Order was right this time.  Mistakes will happen, and they corrected the order without further incident. CHARGER ITSELF:  This charger works great with our 2013 Nexus 7 tablet.  We have no complaints about finding the coil or the charge time.
Love it.It charges fast still after one week of usage.Cant beat the price.Would order again
Work as a charm with my Samsung 6s. no problems whatsoever.
Its great too cool for school
Works like a pro. Do not buy the over price one, this is just as good.
Works as described.....very handy little charger.
The best charger i had EVER! U save the batery on ur device by using anker chargers. Its very smooth charging. And after u use this charger , ur battery lasts longer and its healthier charging than using  cord chargers! So definetly, i recommend this product. You cant go wrong!
Works great
I have been thrilled with this charger.  Its affordable and works perfectly.  I have long been a fan of Anker products, and have always felt they are of high quality and reliable.  This is no exception.
product works as advertised...  cant say much more..  if you "toss the phone on the charger" and it isnt centered - it may not sense it - so - dont do that and you will be fine.
Im buy like 5 more soon
I have one of the second gen (square) nexus wirless chargers which hasnt worked very well with my Galaxy S6. Wanted to get something on the cheap side, and have bought from Anker before so I jumped on their wireless charger. Works as intended, couldnt ask for anything more.
Galaxy s6 is well charged. It is convenient because wireless
Cspire sells these for $50, and this one works just as well or better.
Works perfectly!
LOVE IT!
It works great with my Samsung Galaxy NOTE 5 WITH Otterbox Defender case on !
Very pleased,, it does charge my phone quickly, not 4 hours like other comments that I saw.
I have a note 5 with a thin clear spigen case and could not find a sweet spot.  Would start off saying it was charging and then stop.  Yes I was using a 2.4 amp plug. Update.... Anker called and sent me a free one.  Turns out my previous charger was defective. I now charge wireless every night and love it.
Love it. It even works with the case on!
It works well for Nexus 7 (2013). Somehow ASUS ac charger no longer can charge the tablet, but this wireless charger can.
UPDATE: Customer support reached out to me and while my device is not Qi compatible, they are looking at changing the description of the product to reflect that only the Nexus 7 2013 with Qi capability will work, Nexus 7 2012 will not. They have offered to send me 2 USB chargers, which is a nice gesture. Thanks! Wow, I should have read more of the reviews. I usually do, but saw this item and was willing to give it a try. Arrived quickly, nice packaging, but when I opened it up and tried to charge my Nexus 7 tablet I got nothing, I spent about 30 minutes trying to get the blue light to show up. Tablet had no cover on it, I tried using other cords and outlets, although my whole house has all new electrical system. When I like something techie I find it convenient to have two, one for the night stand and one for the kitchen. So I opened the other box thinking that it might just be the first one that I opened had a problem. Same routine, another 40 minutes a n d I m  d o n e.
In a previous review I mentioned how jealous I was of those who had phones with wireless charging.  Well this Anker product is half of the solution I used to make my cell phone a wireless charging wonder.  First off, Anker products are fantastic.  I own several of their items.  All are well built with beautiful design and provide a great value.  This wireless charger is no exception.  It works great.  I installed a Docooler Qi Wireless Charging Receiver into my cell phone and purchased this item and I was set. The setup was quick and easy and only took a few minutes.  You use the same type of cable that came with your phone (use the one that comes with this charger), but instead of plugging into your phone, you just plug into the wireless charger.  I now had a quick charge phone for very little money.  At the end of the day I just set my phone on this wireless charger and that is it.  One of the things I really like about this wireless charger is that it has a built-in temperature sensor that prevents your phone from overheating while charging. This is a great product and a terrific value.  Anker has one of the best warranty programs available.  I will definitely continue to recommend this, and all Anker products, to family, friends and colleagues.  I would definitely buy this product again. *** Be certain you purchase the correct wireless charging receiver for your phone.  I own a Samsung Galaxy S4 and purchased a wireless charging receiver that was made specifically for my phone.  Double-check that the wireless charging receiver is compatible with this wireless charging pad.
Works great.. if I take my phone case off.
Anker phone charger is excellent Ireccomend it
Works great. The one thing you need to consider is if you have a thick case you need more power... I have a voltage meter for USB. The PC usb was 5.04v. The voltage on my Samsung wall charger was 5.41v. The PC will charge without the case on. The Samsung wall charger will charge with the case on. The cable also matters. A cheap cable is exactly that cheap. The Anker cable that comes with it is decent but not the best Anker makes. It does a good job though. FYI: my current phone is an Samsung s7 with an Otterbox Defender. Basically, in a nutshell if your having problems with the case on make sure you have a good cable and a power supply capable of handling it.
Easy to use. Makes my life simpler.
It works beautifully! I had problems with a loose charge port on my Nexus 7 tablet. I was able to tighten it up a bit, but some cords still didnt work while others did. Then I read a suggestion about wireless chargers (which I hadnt realized was an option for my device). I decided to try the Anker, and Im not disappointed. It (and my device) recognize the connection quickly, it charges in nearly the same time as when  wired. I love not having to fiddle with the wires, and the indicator lights give me the info I need.
Perfect wireless charger. Just lay your phone (mine is Samsung S6) on it and its charging. The case does not interfere with the connection.  I like its low profile. Inconspicuous.  Arrived on time, early actually. Great customer service.
Exceptional product.. great  service, really fast delivery. Works like a charm...thx...
It works great an  doesnt get hot like some other charging pads. The only downside to this product is its hard to place your phone to get the blue charging light to come on
This charger works good no issues except when phone is completely dead it takes it a few minutes to get going but that could just be my phone. I like having it on the nightstand and just dropping it there before bed.
Bought this for my Samsung Galaxy S6.  It works perfect.  Great purchase.
Not a fast charger but never claimed to be. Easy to place and get charging.
Own two of these, have purchased others from Amazon and this consistently works with native Qi phones and with the adapters you can get for non-Qi phones, while others can be very unreliable.
For the price there is no reason not to have a few of these around the house to charge when youre in the bedroom, living room, kitchen...
great product, good way to break into the format
A simple yet effective wireless charger. It isnt a quick charger which is okay with me but it does the job, has a low profile, and has no issues with it. At the price point, its good to have a couple of these laying around the house for an easy charge.
These work very well as long as you get them centered on your phone. A lot easier to charge our phones at night without having to worry about wires. I plan to buy more in the future. I bought two of these one for me and one for my wife to put on our bed stands. It has made life a little easier. Highly recommended but we have only had them for 3 months. Will try and update later if theres any problems.
very convenient
works great. just drop it on the pad and it starts charging!
Everything you could want in a Qi pad
A little touchy, have to learn how to use it properly. Had to get a new case for my phone because the very sticky pad between the case and the phone inhibited the charging.
Huge fan of Anker products, and this is no exception. Purchased for my Galaxy S6. Pros: Seems to charge fairly quickly, without overheating. Charge from 14% to fully charged took about 50 minutes. Works through my case, which is an Otterbox Symmetry. Comes with the micro USB charging cable, which is not common of many wireless chargers at this price point. Backed by the Anker name, who I feel is one of the most reputable companies when it comes to charging products. Cons: Single coil, which means that you do need to be careful when it comes to setting down the device. If it does not line up, it will not charge. Charging LED indicator is extremely small and is difficult to see when the device is set on top of the charger. Overall, very good charger. Other than needing to be a little more careful when setting my device down, I can say that it is comparable to the more expensive Samsung brand wireless charger.
This works fine for my Galaxy Note 5 and my wifes Galaxy S6.  Its not a fast charge but its certainly convenient.  I have one on my desk at work and its nice to be able just to set my phone on it when I get to my desk so it charges. Its a great price compared to other name wireless chargers.
Works well, but is necessary to remove phone from case to charge.
Its a tiny monster. It charges my note 5 pretty well. Easy to place and adjust the phone. Functions way better than the standard samsung wireless charger.
This is working out OK for me. I have a Nokia Qi charger at home which is larger and more expensive. I wanted something at work. The thing thats tricky about this is youve got to find that "sweet spot" where it will actually engage your phone and recharge it. I didnt realize that at first, so when I went to pick it up at the end of the day for my commute home, I was very surprised that it hadnt recharged my phone. It was only then that I experimented and found where, on my phone, I have to place it on this Anker device to recharge my phone. On the Nokia Qi recharger, because its so large, just putting it on the charger works. With the Anker youve got to experiment until you find it. But once you know where that is, it works fine.
Works good on my note 5 even with my Heavy Duty case you just have to make sure its centered just right.
When I got my Note 5 it wasnt because of the wireless charging... I wasnt about to drop $60 bones on the Samsung charger and no way was I gonna trust a no-name but when I saw the Anker.... I had to try it. At first I couldnt get it to charge steady, it kept pausing and I thought it might be a software issue as some have reported. Then I figured Id try using the supplied cable and TADAAH! What was confusing is I was using an older Samsung white stock 2A charger and it charges my phone directly no problem. After inspecting the cables though the Anker has an extra prong on the micro end, so either my old cable wasnt tight enough or that extra prong makes a difference. Dont waste your time finding out which is the case. Use the supplied cable with  the brick your phone came with. PS- Samsung users..I know it doesnt say anything about wireless fast charging but I swear if I use the fast charge adapter instead of the old 2amp it speeds this Anker up a good 30% ;-)
Works as described. Planning to purchase one for my office.
Works as expected, but you really have to line up your phone with the center of this item perfectly for it to work.
This charger will charge my Lumia 950 XL and my wifes Lumia 640 with the leather case on. I did purchase an external receiver to be able to use a Qi charger with her 640.  They do charge at a slower rate than charging directly.  I wish it had come with a wall charger because the ones that I have are only good for 5V/850 ma and this charger needs a plug that can supply 5V/2A.  You can plug it into a car charger or computer USB that is good for 5V/2A.
Love this. My only regret is that i didnt get it sooner. Yes it charges slower than direct cable connection, but so what. i have all night.
The cheapest, most convenient product that has satisfied my needs for my specific devices. Ankers Wireless Charging PowerPort does what you need it to do straight out of the box. No setup up required, no questions asked. If your device is on the list for this specific wireless charger, then buy this one now. Not only is it cheap but its a nice, high quality charger. Also, this doesnt come with the AC adapter (wall plug-in). But since you own an Android phone with an plug-in, then you can use the supplied cable from this with the AC adapter you already have. There are lights to let you know if the phone you have is charging. Plugged into the wall it will display a red light to let you know it is ready. If your phone does not work or is not compatible with this wireless charger; the light will blink red. If its compatible, the instant you lay your phone down the light will be blue and its charging. Thus reflecting on your phone Thats it! I gave this charger 5 stars because the simplicity of use. Take it out the box, connect an AC adapter, plug it in, lay your phone down and bam. Thats all. Easy Peazy.
I purchased this Anker Wireless Charger for use with my Samsung Note 5.  I am a little bit of a gadget guy and thought that it might be cool to charge wirelessly and I was correct. I was somewhat dubious when I opened the package just to see that this was something that I needed to add to the end of my micro-USB. So it doesnt eliminate any cords or clutter. But now, instead of plugging in the USB cable to my phone, I just set my phone down on it, listen for the tone and it starts charging. And it charges quickly. Certainly not a necessary product, but it is kind of nice and handy. I am used to setting the phone on the desk and now I just set it down on the charger and I keep a 90% or greater charge all day long. BTW, the Anker product is smaller than the Samsung product, being somewhere between 2.5 and 3 inches in diameter.  Small, disk footprint is probably more aesthetically pleasing than a loose cord on the counter. It is crucial that you listen for the tone when you place your phone onto the disk. No tone = no charging. As an added bonus, this wireless charging makes the smug Apple fanboys jealous. (As they should be.)
Cool charger...connects quickly.
I got this charger to my Nexus 4 as it had a problem with the USB charging port, so sort to get a wireless charger instead as the Nexus 4 has a build in wireless charging capability, the charger works very well when positioned correctly with the phone, I am giving 4 stars because it needs special positioning in order for the charger to work correctly, at the beginning I noticed that the Led turns blue which means its charging and after few seconds, the red and blue both are on, which means it cant detect the device and charging stops. I figured out that I need to put my phone parallel to the cable with its back pointing to the cable in order for it to work correctly and to guarantee un interrupted charge, hope this would be useful for someone who is facing the same issue.
Works as advertised. Great deal.
Wonderful product. Has a rubber top surface so my galaxy 6S doesnt slide (like on other products) and it shuts off when fully charged (saving my battery life) and it charges through my Otterbox cover! AND ITS LESS EXPENSIVE THAN OTHER PRODUCTS THAT DONT OFFER THESE IMPORTANT FEATURES. Great product.
Great device
Great product. Charges my Samsung Galaxy 6 Edge plus even with case on. Have two of these, excellant product Anker. Cant beat the the value for the price. I like anker products, they always seem to work as promised.
Works excellent even with a supcase on my Nexus 6.  I tried other brands and they wouldnt work with my case, but no problems from Anker. It works so well I bought several more for work and around the house.
Ive had my Wireless Charger for approximately 1 1/2 weeks.  This product works wonderfully, and is a very convenient way to charge your phone, without have to physically plug the phone in. It does not charge as quickly as a lightening cable, and I wouldnt expect it to by it being wireless, but it does charge quickly. Very good for overnight charging.
It does what its suppose to do
Stores tried to sell me one for over $50.00, I got this one for a 3rd of that cost. It works as advertised and I am very happy with it,
this is great i can charge my moto 360 watch as well as my phone, i travel a lot and not having to take a bunch of chargers is good and better its wirless
Works well. A tad small, so my phone has to be balanced correctly, but it works.
Works great!
This charger is much more forgiving when it comes to connectivity than the Samsung counter part.  I just lay the phone in any position on this charger and its charging.  With the Samsung charger there is only one way the phone will start charging.  ...and it was cheaper.
Works very well
So nice to have.  Just know if you have a case of any type on your phone you need to take it off before charging.
I absolutely love it! It is so convenient and I dont have to worry about being plugged in! Thank you so much!
I bought this. I tried to return it because it didnt work with my Galaxy S6 correctly. Kept coming on and going off. Discharged the phone overnight. Amazon lists it an unreturnable only after you try to return it. Ankers policy said they accept any return for any reason. Except they made me jump through troubleshooting hoops when I contacted them. I dont have time for that. I contacted Amazon directly. Amazon customer service credited me the purchase. Thanks Amazon! I threw out the device. Update April 18, 2016 In fairness to Anker, after my bad one star review, they wanted to try and make it right. They sent me a replacement charger for no charge, and I plugged it it. Immediately worked. No issues. No lost connection. So in fairness to Anker the product, when it is not defective, works well. Thank you Anker. Im sure they will improve customer service over time to properly address these issues the first time next time around. I did ding the product one star because the LEDs are too bright at night in a completely dark room, and there is no way to adjust them. I had to put electrical tape over them. Im happy Anker made it right. I have a solar charger and a 4 port 7.2A Qi Charger of theirs both work really well and I was surprised when the wireless puck charger didnt work.
Very handy charger. No more fumbling for a cable and then trying to line it up to plug in. With this charger - just set your phone down on it and PRESTO - its being charged ! ! !  Very convenient ! ! !
I like the wireless charger for my Samsung Note 5.  My only dislike is that it only works with cases that are single layer. I have a really cute dual layer case that I cannot use on my phone with this charger. :-(  That issue aside, it is great.
Well, it does what it is supposed to do.  I put my Galaxy S7 on it when I go to sleep and it is fully charged when I wake up in the morning. I do not know when plugging in a wire became so time consuming that we needed wireless charging to save that time, but it is pretty cool.  So, if you want to just place your phone down at night, have at it, it works!!
The only difficulty I have with this charger is that I had to look online to find exactly where the wireless charging was located on my phone, because centering my phone (Kyocera Brigadier) on the pad caused it to charge very slowly or not at all. I have to be rather particular about where I rest my phone to get a good wireless "connection." But thats only a minor inconvenience, probably not applicable to all phones, and if so only a problem once. This charger is so convenient I had to buy two of them, and will buy more just so I can have them all over the house. A word of warning: dont let your little ones stack coins on top of this thing. They get REALLY hot.
Love it thank you !!!!! Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless... Fantasia Trading LLC
Such a great product!
So much easier to charge by just setting my phone on it. I love it.
Good wireless charger, use it everyday at work. Charges just as fast as my sam#### wireless charger.
Works great, even works with the Ottobox defender case. Would recommend
Im very pleased with the performance of my Anker Wireless Charger since I can now just quickly drop my phone onto charger instead of fumbling with cables. It gets a little warm when charging which is to be expected but nonetheless works very well.
works will but sometimes its not on exactly right and you think its charging when it is not
works great-even as advertised-good application for lazy people
The product does what it is supposed to do and does a great job of informing the user of what is going on through the use of the two lights on the pad. Both lights turn on when the phone is done charging, the blue one turns on when it is charging the device, and theres turns on when there is a problem charging the device. The only problem I have had is that periodically it will flash the blue light and fail to charge my phone, this is easily solved by unplugging and replugging in the wireless charger from the charging cord.
I dont dislike the product; it just requires some adjusting to make sure that my tablet is on the "sweet spot" so that I wake up with it charged. Ive come to learn that there are multi-coil wireless charging pads which arent as finicky (but not as inexpensive as this one), so I might grab one of those down the road. Of course, the bigger issue is something that this vendor/manufacturer have no control over:  why more devices dont come equipped with wireless charging capabilities...  :( Edited (from 3 stars to 4): I examined the highlights on the product page and there is mention of this being a single-coil charger, so its not like I was misled; it is what it claims to be.  I was also contacted by Anker customer support which helpfully asked if there was anything they could do to improve my experience with them.  Even though there was nothing wrong with the product, its nice to know that they (I assume) want to rectify issues where that may be the case.  I did ask if/when they would release a three-coil charger and was told that they dont know, but if/when they do and the price is reasonable, Ill likely buy it.
These are great little Qi wireless chargers.  I bought two to replace my old (and not name brand) wireless chargers.  These very quickly charges the phone, and does not heat up the phone much at all (a little warmth is expected).  They also do not make a beep when a phone is placed on it, so it is perfect for the office.  And the led indicator lights are small and do not light up a room at night!  I wish I had purchased these originally!
Works better than the Samsung wireless charger that I bought when I got my Galaxy S6. Actually works so well that I have bought seven of these and have placed them in numerous locations. I also bought some 2.1 amp wall warts to plug them in to.
Works great on the desk and in the car
I have this set up at work as my go to charger. Charges surprisingly fast. No need to keep plugging in the charge port and ruin my new phone. Just throw it on and it goes. The only issue I have had charging my Galaxy S6 is sometimes I have it not on the pad correctly and it does not charge but realistically if you simply take the 2 seconds to look at your phone then you know if it is charging or not. The price is phenomenal. Samsung charges like $50 for this and I purchased it for $12.49.
Hard to get the phone in the right place to charge.  Isnt bad if you check it but is hard if you just try and put the phone down without looking. Update: I was contacted by the manufacture and proceeded to do some testing to fine the limits of the charging area.  It seems that there is about a half inch of margin on the position the phone can be in and still get a charge.  For this I am giving it a 4 instead of a 3.  My initial thought was it was less than a 1/4 inch margin. Additionally,  the support given by the manufacture was excellent.  I would not hesitate to buy any Anker products in the future knowing that the support would be given. (Full Disclosure, because of the difficulties I was having Anker has sent me a Micro USB cable for my inconvenience.)
Its great! I keep it in the living room so anyone can use it and your phone is still in reach. Charges perfectly! Easy to use.
Love anker products. Have their USB3.0 4 port hub, 10,000 amp battery for travel and their lipstip battery for the wifes purse.  Bought these for my teams Xmas gift, every single one is in use on their desks. Keep it up Anker, and if you need product testers let me know ;)
Works just fine for my Lumia 950, the charge rate is about 20.5% to 22.1% per hour. If anyone cares to know that :)
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S6 Active with a rubber type case on it. I have this next to my bed and charge my phone every night with no problems. Wasnt sure about being able to charge with the case but it works fine.
Im using it for a rechargeable Bluetooth tracker, and its working perfectly so far. This is my first and so far my only Qi charger. From minimal research Ive done on these, use of Qi chargers is generally associated with mobile phones that use this technology, either built in or through external devices such as cases. Therefore, I wasnt sure whether it would be compatible with my device, but it is. Pros: - Instructions are clear regarding use and the devices LED indicator lights. - It is slim, with a small footprint, which is exactly what I was looking for. - The bottom has a rubbery, non-slip surface. There is also an outer ring on top made of the same or similar material. - Its not heavy, but seems to be enough to keep it from moving around too easily - Comes with an Anker micro USB cable (I didnt measure it, but think its 3ft) Cons: - None that I can think of
So far,its doing the job.
This thing is cool!  I love the convenience of being able to set my phone down on it to charge. No cables, nothing to plug in. Just lay it down. You get a blue charging light and tone from the phone letting you know its charging. When its time to go, just grab your phone and slip it in your pocket. Over charge protection works perfectly. Unit will stop charging when the phone is 100%. Further, it wont charge if the device becomes hotter than 107*.  My nexus 6 barely gets warm when charging. I use this on my desk at work. Im buying another for use at home.
Everythings working as it should.
Product works great and as described. Took about an hour to charge my Galaxy Note 5 from 15% to full. Definitely worth it.
Works with no issues. Compact and portable.
Does what it says
Works well!  Placement is a little touchy, but definitely worth it.
Works fine. Wish it had come with a power adapter.
Awesome charger for nexus platform
Slow charging
arrived early and works as described, great product
Works fine, not a fast charger for the Note or S6 but it does charge quickly. A little finicky about how the phone is placed on it but it has some room for error and still works just fine. What I want to know is how I can get in the test sample crowd. Ive bought the chargers the wireless charger and paid full price for all. Still giving it a fair review.
Works perfect for my note 5.
Works very well, even with cover on phone
Works great!
I ordered several of these chargers - they work well and are heavy enough to not be pulled off of a table like some of the lighter qi charging pads do. One of them stopped working and customer service replaced it quickly and for free - gotta love a company that backs up their products.
This is a great small wireless charger.  It works perfectly with my Samsung S6 in a Lifeproof case and also in a UAG case.  Also, works well with the Motorola Turbo 2 phone in a Lifeproof case, but that case and phone is bigger than the Samsung, so it take a little adjusting to get it to set just right to charge.  So far, I love it.  It is small so it doesnt take up much space anywhere you want to lay it and is easily portable to keep in your purse or car for between trips.
I love this charger!!  Sit the phone down and it charges with out me having to plug any cords in.  I have a Note 5 and it charges THROUGH my Otterbox case!!
WORKS GREAT. JUST GOTTA GET USED TO NOT LIFTING IT UP AND PLAYING ON IT
The port on my Nexus 6 broke, this is the perfect solution until I get around to making a warranty claim. The traction on the top and bottom of this charging pad makes it perfect for charging in the car, my phone or Moto 360 smart watch stay on it through bumps and sharp turns. I was surprised that it worked with my Moto 360. Im buying another one so I can keep one at home and one in the car. The brand, price, and quality of this product are hard to beat.
Its great it works what more can you ask for
Works as advertised even with a case on it. I only wish it came with a power block.
Fast shipped.  Excellent product!
So convenient, and less wear and tear on the charging port.  Fast, too!
Better than the one I bought that goes with the phone!
Works fine once you find the sweet spot kept it from being 5stars
Light is hard to see with a device on it, but overall it does the job well.
Top  quality product, this is a nice secondary item for sure
Awesome so far. Charges quickly and very convenient, my only draw back is the blue light is very bright not good for in bedroom use
Works well with my Samsung Galaxy 6S.  One improvement would be a longer cord.
Does the job .the phone and base was a lil warm after charging. Could be a little bigger
Changed my rating from five stars to one star. Wireless charger worked fine for two weeks, but now stops after a few minutes (from a blue to a red blinking light, indicating it has detected an "unsupported device," which it was charging just fine, just before that). Edit: I actually bought two and the second one  seems to work properly, though I havent used it for two weeks yet. Re-edit: after contacting Anker, they immediately replaced the broken device with one that, so far, works great. Excellent service.
I have several wireless charging pads and this is my primary one. I like the led indicators they are not too bright for a dark room.  My phone immediately recognizes that it is changing wireless and it has been fully charged each morning. I do notice that all the wireless chargers work better if I turn off the WiFi and Bluetooth radios on my current phone. This unit says it monitors phone temperature,  and when I pick up the phone I have noticed that it is cool or only slightly warm.
Great
Love this product! I plug this into my Anker desktop charger and set my S6 edge on it before I go to bed every night. I wake up to a full battery every morning and I dont need to worry about it over charging! I wouldnt necessarily recommend this over a regular charger because the charging isnt as quick, but this serves as a great overnight charger so your phone is at 100% when you wake up.
For the price (currently $12 USD), this charger is hard to beat. Its solidly-built and decently grippy on both the top and bottom, and and comes with a decently long cable that solidly clicks into both of the pucks I now have. Though the charger is rated for a 2A input, its done well enough plugged into every computers USB port that Ive thrown it at. If you just want to sit your phone down on the desk for a few hours, and not wear down your micro USB port for a decent charge, this is great. It also doesnt beep like some chargers Ive seen, making it very nightstand-friendly. I have one complaint with this charger, but its very likely due to user error: on a 2A source, the charger can overheat while going through certain cases (such as those with metal kickstands, which arent recommended for wireless charging anyway). While that can be a bit of a problem, the charger does a great job of shutting off in that case, and a lower-current source can sidestep this issue nicely. Provided most of the coil is away from the kickstand, you can still go somewhat off-center for a slower charge with a bit more waste heat.
I like it
works great with my Nexus 6, no issue using it with my bumper case either.
Works great!
I purchased this while on sale. I knew of Ankers reputation for quality products, so I decided to make this device my first foray into wireless charging. It works flawlessly. I use it daily to charge my Nexus 6. I could not be more pleased with this product. It is worth noting, though, that this device is very small. If you own a large phablet device, like the Nexus 6, you may end up getting the device placement a bit off causing the device to not charge. The indicator light on the device and the charging indicator on the phone is more than enough to make this essentially a nonissue, but it is possible to place your phone the charger without paying attention only to come back later and your phone be dead.
Love it. There is no setup
Good product.
These are great!  They work perfectly and seem to charge the phones relatively quickly.  We use them on our bedside tables and just plop the phones (Galaxy S7 edge) on them when we go to bed; theyre fully charged in the morning and away we go.  We havent needed to charge the phones during the day, so I dont know how quickly they actually charge.  Slower than the cable charger, Im sure, but they work great for how we use them.  Considering the low price, theyre a no-brainer purchase.
Works great for my Lumia 950 through what I think is a thick case. The location of the phone has to be just right for it to begin charging, but not having to take my case off is worth it.
Item was quick to arrive and works as expected.
I was unsure if this wireless charger would work on my Samsung S6. I knew the phone was capable of wireless charging, but the Samsung version of the wireless charger was very expensive. At the sale price, I decided to take the chance it would work. Am I glad I did!  This small disk charger works wonderfully with my 2 phones! I love it. No more plugging in the USB charger to each phone every time I need to charge them. No more looking for the wired charger. The disk just lays on the desk near the computer where I can see it. This product worked immediately after taking it out of the packaging. I just lay the phone on the charger, I hear a beep (to let me know it connected), and the phone charges. The disk charger has a cable to plug into my laptop USB plug to provide the power. It charges fairly fast. My son is jealous since his family of iphones will not do wireless charging. The must use the wired chargers.
Pretty nice. Low profile. Doesnt charge as quickly as I was originally hoping for. Give me a quick charge and an extra star awaits!
Functions as expected. No fuss, easy to use. Good customer service.
So I got this to use by my bedside so if I need to pick up and go I could without having to ruin the charging port. It does it job. It does take a little while to charge thats why I keep it for overnight charges not quick charge. It does not seem to have any effect on heat over all, but there is a point to its a little warmer than normal but soon returns to normal operation Temps. Over all very happy with the purchase.
This puck is smaller than the ones Im used to seeing. I love wireless charging, and Ive had no issues with this one at all.
still going
Good
It works. Fast delivery.
Coolest thing ever
Bought to charge my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and it barely works. Takes a lot of fiddling to get it to charge and after charging all night I woke up to a phone that was only 70% charged. ***Edit - Anker sent out a replacement unit and the new unit works flawlessly.***
I liked it- convenient in kitchen!
Bought 2 of these for gifts for my nephews. Work great, and they love them.
Much less sensitive to precise positioning of our Samsung Galaxy S6s than the Samsung pad.  Also keeps the battery at 100% overnight; the Samsung pad shuts off and the battery then is partially discharged by morning.
Perfect for the night stand.
Arrived on time and as described
Added to cart.
Works perfectly with my Note 5!smaller than i thought it would be, but I havent had any issues with my phone on it. Charges fast.
It u plan to put a relatively thick cover... dont think about buying this. Their customer service is beyong amazing and thats why I guve them 4 stars. 1 star off for not working with my cover
Works great with Blackberry Classic and Galaxy S6.
good product - am a  bit in shock - i bought this and a case that would work with this charger and power my iphone6 plus - the ability to pcik up my phone - answer - reply - look up MFA codes - and put it back down - to be charged??? - its mind boggling - no plug and unplug... - it still feels like the first time i drove an automatic instead of a manual transmission - like am cheating or something - I like it!!
Does exactly as advertised.  I also have a Samsung model that came with my Note 5 and works exactly the same for a third of the cost.  Actually in all honesty it may be easier to place phone in correct position to activate charging on this model than with my Samsung model.
Works as advertised.
Love anker products and with this wireless charger they didnt let me down. Great packaging and fast shipping for it not to be under prime, will definitely buy again!
Sometimes I put the phone on the charger and it doesnt pick up the battery. Most of the time it does and it charges pretty fast.
This pad is pretty awesome for my Nexus 5.  I have a carbon fiber-esque CASEOLOGY case and it works through that.  I rated this four stars instead of five because I find myself waiting until the phone beeps that its charging before I walk away.  There is a simple comfort in knowing when you use an actual plug your phone is charging when you use the plug and plug it in.  There have only been a few times I lay my phone down on the pad and wake up to find it didnt charge.  Overall, its a fantastic piece to have around the house and for travel.
Fantastic. So good I ordered another one immediately.
Works great and very speedy delivery I am very pleased.
I really like it so far.  The only thing is it glows kind of bright at night. I wish there was a switch to turn that part off. However, it does a nice job!
Works as it claims. Wish the charging/complete charging lights were easier to see. Overall pleased with the product.
Didnt work with LG G3
Support was very good when I told them it wouldnt charge through my case.  This charger is not as powerful as the Samsung Wireless which is faster and goes through a thicker case - but then that goes for $30-$50
Sturdy construction and quality materials. Charges all my devices perfectly.
Mine showed up a few days ago. I love it. In fact, I am buying a second one for my desk at work. This really works great and so convenient. Verizon had one very similar for $39.99, so this, at less than $13, is a great value!
A bit of a slow charge (about 3 hours for full) but its perfect if you spend longet periods of time at your desk, like at work or if youre a gamer. Fast, easy setup and it charges with my phone case on!
love it. Im always having trouble with chargers.
Great product. Works just like it should. Might be nice if it was a little more grippy to keep phone from shifting, but its not crucial. I even got a follow up email from the manufacturer to see how I liked it. Very pleased and would definitely purchase again if needed.
Works with my Galaxy S6 (Verizon). Happy with my purchase.
The wireless charger works great. It has many good reviews for a reason. It is currently working great with my Galaxy S6 Active.
Amazingly easy and simple to use. Once it is plugged in and on the table, you can forget about it. It doesnt overheat and even stops charging once the phone is 100% charged.
Great product
Works flawlessly with my lg v10 with the wireless charging battery cover that i bought from china had problems with a different qi charging stand i bought of eBay so Im very happy with this one
Item arrived and functions as expected, no issues with quality.  Working great with phone battery adapter.  Would have been nice to have an additional USB outlet feeding through this, but no big deal.
Excellent
Perfect
Works great!
Works but if you have a Samsung you have to buy a back that makes it wireless chargeable... note 4
The unit works great..  The only problem I had was not supplying the charger with a large enough power supply.  The USB port  must be  able to supply at least 1 amp at 5 volt.  My phone charger would only supply 3/4 of an amp and until I purchased a power supply that would produce enough power the charger would not work.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT WORK WELL ON MY GALAXY 6 PLUS
Works well. Only wish it had more visible light indications
I have a few of these scattered around the house.  They work okay when they are actually charging... the main issue I have with them is the LED turning from red to blue does not always mean charging is happening.  All our devices (Nexus 4, Nexus 7, OnePlus One w/Qi adapter), ran into issues early on where we set the device on the puck to see the LED turned blue and, assuming that charging was happening, walked away only to return to a phone that wasnt charged.  You need to make sure the device says it is actually charging, and that after a few seconds the LED does not revert to red. The puck is small, so for devices larger than 5" on the long side it may take a couple of tries to get on its sweet spot consistently. Once you get used to how each device needs to be placed, the charger works fine through gel cases and folio cases. edit: Anker contacted me and provided excellent product support and an opportunity to provide product feedback and suggestions, so I have added a star back to account for great product support
The first two nights Ive used this, the phone was at 95% and 78% after 8 hours of charging the next morning. Edit: Anker shipped replacement, awesome customer service!
after working with the company it now charges my phone and works well
You can also use the cord to charge things but not to transfer data.
Like the convenience of wireless charging, would have gave 5 stars, but sometimes I need to reposition my phone to start charging.
This charger works great with my Nexus 5 (2013 model), no matter what case I have on my phone. And although I havent done any scientific or even side-by-side comparisons (my wife also has a Nexus 5), it seems to charge more quickly than charging the traditional way through the Micro USB port. Now our iPhone-toting kids are rather jealous of our Qi charging. This product is super-easy to just plug in and go. You cant beat it, especially for the price.
Well worth the money I pay for it it just didnt come with a complete charger cord, no USB wall adapter
this thing works, but the light never goes off, pretty annoying at night time when its next to your bed. edit 10/30/15: anker contacted me regarding this issue and provided exceptional service, 2 more stars just for that.
Have owned for nearly two months now, I pair it with a Samsung Galaxy S6, For which i have only ever charged twice by using the Micro USB slot, I very much like this Qi wireless charger, and do not see my self using the Micro USB slot on my phone. The only thing i would like too see changed on this item, are the LED indicators, I would rather like and too see the on the side of the Qi Charger. I have yet to try the wireless charging feature with a case on my S6. Would recommend and Buy again. UPDATE: Stopped working properly after about 20 months of use, the unit tries to charge my phone but will only heat it up after 10 minutes of said charging, was happy with the unit, will be buying a new one soon.
Great quality great delivery time..... However should come with an adapter
While it does work, it is not as large as the Samsung wireless charger and is more sensitive on where the phone is placed.  I also have the Samsung wireless charger and use it at work.  I do use the Anker Wireless Charger to charge at night, and use the alarm clock on my phone as a backup in case power goes out. Anger was nice and gave me a 20% discount because I wasnthe 100% satisfied with it. I learned they are working on an update. I will still buy Anger products because I like all of them very well that I have gotten besides this one.
I love this product. Super easy with my galaxy S7. It connects well and quickly. Works even with my case on. Definitely  worthworth the price.
I really had no clue what components to buy, just one day I decided to see if wireless charging my phone would be feasible. WOW! I cant believe I even hesitated. And this product is SUPERB- I have used other items by them and they are always fantastic, but I wasnt sure what would work with my actual phone/case/etc. So I bought one case that has a power receiver built right in, and tried that first - I simply placed it on the platform and INSTANTLY the iPhone 6s I had just got (and nowhere was said it was it was certified to work with the phone) it just bleeped! and it was like magic and no different than if Id used a cable. In fact, it is SO much better - if any of you iPhone (or other) users are on the fence do not HESITATE!  I honestly didnt think this would make much difference to me either way and BOY WAS I WRONG!  You dont realize just how much more of a hassle that tiny little cord that comes with the phone can be - and its already a pain - until you can suddenly just set up this awesome product where its convenient for you: like where you keep your keys or by your bed, and then on your way out or around the house or ESPECIALLY when it rings, you answer and then not forget its plugged in and jerk it out of your wall or away from your face- well no more if that, just pick it up and youre ready to walk around or go. It also worked seamlessly with a individually purchased receiver I paired with a separately purchased regular case, and had the same quick almost-instant response time. I could not be more thrilled with this item, and am going to probably get a few more set-ups for me and some for my mom (who at 64 is ALWAYS forgetting to charge the phone) and a few more for me so no matter where I am in the house I can set the phone down and its always recharging. Heck, I may sneak a few around my friends house! 10/10 and it practically got here before I got my tracking number, lol, it was FAST! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Works great with my Nexus 6
Sleek, convenient and handy.
It works with other products if positioned just right.  I can only tell its connected just right when i put my ear close to the device  and hear rapid magnetic pulses--its weird and hard to explain.  I wish i didnt have to do this though.  Ill give it 4stars because its not Ankers fault to try to figure how the different product will work with their device.
Great product although it makes my phone hot whem charging.
Works great, even through the cover on the phone.  Great way to charge my phone.
Works well, not as quick as the Samsung quick charge, but works
I was kind of skeptical at first because I have a waterproof casing on my Droid Turbo 2 but it works very well everybody knows if you have a waterproof casing it is very difficult to open up the charging port so this solve my problem recommend it to anybody that needs it
works great!
Nice and cool
I bought 2 of these and am very impressed. Both have worked great.  Easy to charge by placing in the center.  Charges with my caseology s7 case. Does not charge my so sorry in his thicker case but it has a kickstand in the middle that I I think is the problem. Charges reasonably fast but not as fast as cable and fast charger.
can confirm it DOES work with AT&T Samsung Galaxy S6 ACTIVE. bought two of these, keep one at home and one at work and LOVE IT! works great. It does charge more slowly then the 5-amp charger the Active comes with, but it works and works well!!
Im using this as a bedside charging station for my Nexus 6 in a case.  It charges with no issue, and the puck is not too finicky about where you place your device.  Once you set it down a few times, you learn what works and what doesnt. The puck has a rubberized bottom to prevent it from sliding off of most surfaces.  I do suggest making sure you surface is dust free before setting it down, though.  It uses a standard micro USB cable. If you are hearing a whining noise from this device (or any other wireless charger), you likely have it plugged into a USB port or plug adapter that isnt supplying enough amperage.  The company recommends 2+ amps, and this is correct. The device has a blue and a red LED to indicate charging status (blue indicates charging).  Blue and Red is maintenance mode (meaning the battery is basically full, and occasionally being topped up).  Just red indicates the phone is not charging and it may not be lined up correctly.  These LEDs are bright, and are visible at night.  If your phone is big (the Nexux 6 definitely qualifies), the overhang of the phone will block some of this light. I have not run into the issue where the phone stops charging in the middle of the night.  My phone is always at 98-100% each morning.
works great, just a little small
Love IT
I use this to charge my Samsung nightly. It is so much easier than plugging into the phone. My old phone had issues with the plug and would not charge all the time. My phone chimes when installed at the proper spot so you do know it is charging. It does have a red LED  I think the LED changes to blue  when fully charged. To be honest The LED is so bright it lights up the entire room. I plan on putting a small piece of black duct tape over the light. It is way too bright.
Works as advertised but not through  bulky cases.
Works much better than other Qi chargers I have tried. I previously had purchased four Itian brand chargers which all failed within a couple months. These seem much sturdier and the quality is higher. Have bought Anker products before and their replacement process is hassle-free.
base works fine.  adapter i got for my iphone didnt work well
Works great, charges quickly
I bought this with the intention of using it on my night stand. It charges great, but when the phone reaches 100%, the charging cuts off. So the next morning when I pick up my phone, Im not at 100% as Im expecting. *** Updating to 4 stars due to the phenomenal customer service Anker has. (Actually 5 stars for the service.) I even tried a 2A charger as one post said. The charger still cuts off at 100%, but that is the design of it. In stead of using this as a nightstand charger, I will be using it as a desk charger. This works out good as I regularly lift and replace my phone throughout the day, so Ill constantly maintain a higher charge. Laura with Anker customer service went above and beyond in her explanation of the product. Hopefully one day Anker will have a wireless charger that will maintain the 100% charge. Until then, they are still a great company with fantastic products.
Works better than the Samsung Model which is garbage by the way!
Great little device for charging your phone, and great price and fast delivery.
Use it to wirelessly charge my Samsung Galaxy s6.  Very easy compared to my last Qi charger, which had to be very carefully placed.  This one has a wide sweet spot, so I can generally just plop it on the base and it will make a connection.
Anker delivers again, great product!!!
So excited when the Anker wireless charger arrived and worked perfectly with my Note 5 phone.  Compared with the $60.00 and more charges, it works just as well.  I couldnt be more pleased.
Nexus 6 charging require careful placement, so deducting a star. Nexus 5 readily charges.
Works great!
Love this thing. At first I had massive amounts of trouble hitting that "sweet spot that enables full charge (as opposed to the slow charging error I almost always got). Id spend several minutes picking it up and setting it down trying to get it right. I ended up emailing Anker and they suggested *sliding* it until I got the approval ding (I have an LG G3 -- Im not sure what sounds other phones make when theyre happy). Worked like a charm... aaand I felt like an idiot. But in a good way. After about a week of sliding it gets easier to find the sweet spot. Now after a month I hardly have to slide at all. Im glad it works so well, because I chose this charger for 3 reasons: 1) When the battery is fully charged, the charger stops pumping juice into your phone. This extends the life of your battery, which is great because I just got this sucker and were stuck w/ each other for the next 2 years. It also sharply decreases the chances of your phone overheating. Some of my friends have horror stories about their chargers literally frying their phones, so whatever qi charger you buy, do your research, yeah? 2) Because the charger knows when to quit, you use less energy and create a smaller eco-stomp on the planet. Tech + environment FTW! 3) Its made by Anker, and not only do they make excellent products and have great customer service, all their stuff comes with an 18 month warranty. You dont even have to register -- it just is. Like the Force, unless you believe all that nonsense about midi-chorians is canon, but I choose not to and I stand by the metaphor. Wow. That was a tangent. Bottom line : This is a great charger for a great price. Oh, and may the Force be with you. ;)
Awesome
Very useful product
Works great with my LG G4 phone although is slower than the three coil base that I bought for my desk.
Its exactly what you need. Its compact, doesnt get hot and charges the phone. The great price is also good too! Ill probably be getting another.
The charger works perfectly with my Nexus 5. It does not come with the AC adapter however it is still worth purchasing for the price. I use an AC adapter that is less than 2 amps and it still works and my phone is fully charged after leaving it on the charger overnight.
Good
The charging pad works as advertised. But I found that a larger charging pad works better for my setup.
Works great for my Droid Turbo or even my Moto 360 watch.  Love Anker products!
Works great (although the phone has to be positioned nearly perfectly to get it to conect)  Thanks, and am planning to order another....
Nice hockey puck design. The grip on the bottom and rubber ring around the top of this Qi charger keeps the charger sitting in one spot and holds all devices in place. I have this charger plugged in at my bedside as an overnight charger and my s6 edge is charged to 100% with no problems. The lights can get annoying in the complete darkness but I turned it away from my  bed and it eliminated that minor issue. Otherwise its just another great product from Anker.
Item arrived on time.  although, I dont use it a lot, it has been working just fine.
Get it. It just works.  I got 3 one for bedroom office and living room no problem been 3 months
Great device. I have it at work. I can just set down my phone and charge it without plugging in phone.drop and go. And a lot cheaper than the Samsung one.
Excellent product and price.
Great job
This charger works well with the Motorola Droid Turbo 2. No 5v power source is included.  You have to plug into a PC USB port, or use a phone charger (with enough current to charge the phone). I bumped the score one star because the placement of the phone on the disc is quite touchy; the blue LED sometimes lights when the phone is NOT charging.  1/4" can make the difference between charging and not.
Works great with my new Galaxy S7 and case (Galaxy S7 Case, Spigen  Bumper Style Premium Case Slim Fit) The charger does work with both the 2A fast charge plugs and the older standard cords you have from before fast charge.
Good price point for a wireless charger that works and it is easy to take with you. The Anker wireless charger is ideal for traveling; compact in size, can fit in any purse, briefcase without taking much space.  The images will show a comparison with the original Samsung wireless charger.  The compromise with the Anker wireless charger is you will have to find a "perfect" spot for the phone to charge, since the surface is not as bit as the Samsung charger.  I paired this purchase with an Anker USB power charger and premium Anker micro USB cable.  Since the charger is in the living room, I did not want to use the included micro USB cable.  I will recommend to use this wireless charger for overnight charging.  As of today, I have not timed how long does it take to charge my Samsung phone.  I will post that in a a future review.
Works like it should, I have a case on my S7 and it works fine
Great price. Works perfect
The charger works fine, but its very thick and small in diameter. Its very easy to knock the phone off. No problem if you dont have kids or pets, but my cat barely had to touch my phone to stop it from charging. I ended up taking this charger to my office and it works well keeping my phone topped off in a pet free environment, so Im bumping it to 4 stars. Edit: Very nice customer support. Anker contacted me soliciting input on the next version they currently designing. They also sent a very nice charger to help alleviate my power woes, and it works great. Obviously that wont help defend against the kitty menace, but it was a very experience none the less.
I use in office. So on-off charging all day.Surprised it only came with USB connector. Based on my activity it takes just about 6 hours to charge from 20-30% to 100%. Other than that its good. In case youre wondering you must remove your case to charge. Droid turbo 2
Arrived quickly. Works through my boyfriends case, but not mine. Charges pretty quickly, though.
it doesnt seems to charge when my protective cover is on. But charges nicely without it.
Its a nice product. Im new to wireless charging & its different.  The pad itself is small. You must specifically place your phonemail to charge. Im still learning.
I am extremely pleased with the ANKER Wireless Charger. It charges my phone as quickly as my plug-in "fast charger," and I dont have to remove my case, which is a thinner protective cover. I have a Samsung S-6. The price was very reasonable, too. It is heavy enough with a rubber pad on the bottom, so it doesnt easily slip. I had purchased a DIFFERENT BRAND of wireless charger -- slower, hot during charging and slipped -- which I returned. The ANKER is exactly what I wanted. I can use my plug in charger on my nightstand overnight and keep the portable charger on my end table, putting my phone on it during the day. That way its always charged.
Awesome!!!!!!
The charger works fine for phones with thin or no cases.  I have an otterbox defender case on my phone and this charger will not charge the phone with the case on.  Therefore, the charger is useless to me.  My wife has the Samsung fast charger, which is more expensive, but it will charge my phone with the otterbox case on it.  Anker refunded my money, so I am happy.
I wasnt sure what to expect with these things.  Id never used a wireless charger before.  I talked to a coworker who has the Samsung charger (not the fast charger), and he liked his but warned me it was slower than using a cord.  Hmm, I thought, I hadnt realized that was a tradeoff, but it makes sense I guess.  Anyway, I wasnt ready to pay $60-70 for the Samsung Wireless Fast Charger (which, truth be told is what I really wanted.  Sorry Anker!), so I actually bought 3 of these.  I had recently bought 4 Samsung S7 edge phones for my wife and 2 of my daughters and thought having several of these around the house would be handy. As fate would have it, everyone proceeded to buy phone cases to protect our expensive new phones.  Our cases are all different brands, styles, and thicknesses.  After noticing that several of my family members werent using the chargers, I discovered that their thicker cases were preventing them from connecting (Grrr).  Obviously, they could take the case off and it would work, but then that defeats the entire point of the convenience of these devices.  My wife and I were the only ones still using them, but my wife kept reporting that it wouldnt work sometimes.  This was different from my experience where it worked every time.  My phone case is the thinnest of the 4, so that might be part of it (a big part of it).  However, I noticed that my wife would put her phone on the charger base and walk off without noting whether the light changed to blue showing that it was connected and charging.  Beyond that, I noticed that the phones connect best (only?) when the phone is placed centered on the base (although this sounds simplistic, I realized my family members would sometimes haphazardly place their phones on the base without ensuring that it was basically centered.  Also, I discovered that it works best if the phone is arranged on the base so that the base cord is at the 3 oclock or 9 oclock position.  When I put our phones with the cord arranged at different angles, I usually didnt get a connection.  The outcome is that my kids dont use the chargers at all and my wife is leery of it, she uses it but always with a doubt that its going to work this time.  As for myself, I sit in my chair after I get home from work, and place my phone on it on my side table, and it works every time.  So I bought 3 and we are only using 1.  Now for the epilogue, I got a $30 Best Buy gift card (for setting up and using Samsung Pay on my new phone), and I bought the Samsung Wireless Fast charger that I wanted to begin with.  It is much larger than these Anker chargers.  It is about the size of a hockey puck (I dont think I even know what size a hockey puck is since Ive never played the sport!  But its what I imagine it to be.).  The Anker chargers are about the diameter of a Coke can and very slim at about 3/8" thick.  Anyway, I have the Samsung charger in my office and I use it as well.  It seems to be a bit less finicky about how I put the phone on it.  It does seem to charge faster than the Anker, but the Anker is not overly slow (IMHO).
Giving this product 5 stars because not only does it charge my phone in a timely manner, the customer service was also great. Rated this a 3 the first time around cause it worked but not charging fast. But with quick responses from the company to fix the problem was excellent. Now, it charges great and does exactly what its supposed to do. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!! Would definitelt buy from them again.
Charges reliably and decently quickly with my Nexus 5 (w/ Spigen case). I use it by the bedside so Im not fumbling for cords at night or early morning, it works great. I have it next to me but the LEDs arent bright enough to mess with me at night. Included is a USB cable and the disc, no wall adapter. Im using an existing ~1A one. No excess heat.
Does the job.
This item is a waste of time!!!! It charges sometimes and at other times it actually discharges the phone! (Motorola Droid) You are better off plugging you charger cable into the phone and BE SURE it is charging. Upon further inspection, it requires a 2 amp wall charger which s is not provided and costs as much as the Wireless Charger! UPDATE::: Anker Wireless  replaced the first unit and the new one works fine. Upon further testing, I beliece that the problem was with my Motorola Droid phone in the case it was in. The case was leather and caused the phone to heat up while charging After a certain amount of time, the phone shut down due to heat! It was not the fault of the charger.
This works great for me. I also ordered a different type/brand for my daughters and this one is a smaller plate, much smaller but its all you need for your phone and it takes up a little less space. I love Anker products and if its something that they make, I purchase their brand.
Got it quickly and it works like a charm.
Ive been using it for about 2 weeks so far, and it has worked with both my wifes phone, my own, and anyone who visits with a wireless capable smartphones. No issues so far, charges decently quick. Full charge takes 2.5 hours from 0 on my Note 5.
Bought this in lieu of the one offered by Verizon when I purchased my Galaxy S7 Edge. Much cheaper than Verizons version. Even with the Otterbox case, works like a champ.
Perfect!
Love it. Works with my s6 edge while using a spigen neo hybrid case. Charging temperature is warm but no warmer than the phone gets during normal Web surfing or YouTube watching, so not a concern.
First unit didnt work all the time.Anker sent me another unit which works fine. Great customer service and response time
Ive been using this for a month. This really is fantastic. The disc is slimline, and slimmer than the samsung wireless charger, which is too bulky in my opinion. The rubber lining on the disc also means that your phone doesnt slip. I have the S6 edge, I just place it on the pad without thinking much about how I place it on, and it works. I place it centrally. I like the lights that tell you whether the phone is charging or not. The charge time is also impressive given the following: 1. I use this connected to my laptop at work during the day 2. Its a wireless charger Charge time: Note that its 3 hours with wifi, location, 4G and bluetooth all on. If youre charging from 0% - just short of 3 hours if connected to your laptop. But this is the point of these chargers, you dont need to wait till your phone is almost dead before you start juicing it again. If youre working with your phone on the table, just keep it on the pad, take it off if you need to walk around. Because of this, while at the office, my battery very rarely goes down to below 85%. Would definitely recommend it.
Very nice quality, work great for the price. Only con is that the charge cords arent very long...should be at least 6 foot I think!
the small size makes for a few tries at finding the seet spot for charging but it works great!
I leave it on my desk at work and is perfect because the only USB plug is my computer and it works from there!
WORKS GREAT ON MY SAMSUNG S5
Good value product.  I bought two and both working well.  A little slower than other non-wireless chargers but thats not an issue for me.
Good value on a Qi charging pad. It came with a cord, but not a charger, so you have to already have one. The rubber ring helps hold your phone in place while charging.
Works great so far. I put my phone down on it when I get home and it usually hits 100% before I remember to take it off. It charges my s6 pretty fast!
Overall, I really like this charger. I have a little trouble finding the sweet spot with the phone case on, but I like the wireless function.
It works even through the phone case! Charges at a very nice speed as well.  Great purchase.
Nice charger
I had trouble with the unit shutting down in mid charge. After writing my review,  Anker both called and emailed to take care of the problem. They sent me a new unit which works exactly as promised. IMPRESSIVE!  Thank you, Anker. Old review:  The charging port on my Nexus 7 broke and I had no way to access the contents.  This charger saved that situation. Hence the 2 stars. The other 3 went away because I cant count on the unit to work reliably. I can leave my phone on it overnight and it might have a lower charge in the morning.  I love the idea, but this charger isnt my answer.
Charger works great with my Samsung phone. Have a Samsung wireless charger for home that I bought on sale for twice the price of this Anker one. I bought this one to leave at my office and seems to work  as good as the one at home.
I love this charger!  It is extremely easy to use.  I use it daily for the 2 tablets I own.  I highly recommend this charger!
perfect !!!
Tom Cornelius
I love this, its so much better than the traditional charger , it does take a little longer to charge, but i charge it over night just I did with the traditional charger, a great buy would recommend...
This was my first Qi charger. There were so many and I decided to buy this one based on reviews and price. After the purchase and initial experiences I ended up making repeat purchases so I had one at work and in multiple rooms.  I will probably buy more for friends for christmas.
It works perfectly .  I have a otter box on my phone and it charges through it. It was a great price.  It charges quickly.  It is small and doesnt take much space.  If you want the convenience of this type of charging,  it would be an excellent buy.
I have heard other people report problems but I am beyond happy.  The product works as advertised, and charges twice as fast as the original charger.
Works great with my Note 5 with an Otterbein on it
Overall pretty good for its price point. Sometimes you have to adjust the placement if you dont put it on exactly center but it works well enough.
Own 3 of these.  Works very well on my nexus 5, 6, and galaxy s3 (with qi sensor). Reason for 4 star is that its small, so you may have to move around and line up with the sensor on the NX6.
Liked it. Its everything it said it was.
Nexus 7 charger port went bad. Thinking to buy a replacement part and came to this. Have been using it for a a few weeks. Working great!
These work great, when they work. They have to be unplugged and plugged back in every single time I want to use them, and the charging area is so small. If you dont get it lined up just right within a 10 second time frame, youre back to unplugging and replugging the device to try again. At first I thought it was my phones problem, but having used 2 other phones and another Qi wireless charging device and having the same problems, I cant really recommend these. I would request a refund or updated replacement if I wasnt out of the "grace" period already. UPDATE: "Grace" is the operative word here. Anker was very attentive to this situation and offered me a product that actually better suited my needs in order to make up for the situation as it was. I actually couldnt be more pleased and will need to leave a product review for what they sent, which was a 40W 5-port charging device--very cool, and well suited to my powering needs. They maintained a dialogue with me, understood my needs, and more than compensated me for everything. Anker product support is definitely a group that cares about customer retention, and theyll get my business every time.
Have 3 of them and they work great. Excellent service and price
Works very well, no problems, charging times little longer, but to be expected.
Ive given this product about a month of use before I write this review.  So long as you use the recommended amperage of charger this wireless charger works great.  I have had no problems with this charger everytime I plave my phone, in the case, onto the charger base. Love it Anker.
This product is awesome.
Flawless. Easier to use than the Samsung.
Good
Works as it should. Have to be careful how I place the phone on the charger to make a good connection because I have a thick hard plastic case on my phone but it charges right through it.
Love this thing!
Works perfectly
Dream Charging. Works with my Note 5. Amazing. Just rest the phone on base with sreen up and it syncs to charge. No plugging in while dark.
This thing worked right out of the box. Like others have said, it does not come with a power adapter, so I used my Samsung fast charger that came with my phone. I have a medium sized coveroo case on my S6, and the wireless charging works flawlessly. It doesnt charge as fast as plugging straight into a cable, but I have this setup in the bedroom for when I sleep. No more dealing with messy cables if I need to reach over and grab my phone, which is exactly why I bought it.
No heat generation compared to other charger is a stably charged.
This thing is great. Its much nicer to place my phone on this rather than fumble for the cord and try to plug it in the right way. You do have to get it centered well. Ive woken up a few mornings with a critical battery because I did not place it properly. Its annoying, but not a huge deal, especially considering the price. Buy this, but take half a second to place your phone properly on it and make sure the light turns blue meaning its charging. Typical Anker product, cheap but hovering at top of the line.
My wife is hating this charger now since it charge phone slower than car charger. Its extremely slow charger though good quality. If you are planning to put your phone overnight charging then buy it otherwise there are lot of other good options available which charges phone faster. Update: They have sent me replacement which works fine now. I really liked the prompt response from Anker. Thanks.
Im using this with a Samsung S7 Edge that has a rubber cover on it. The charger doesnt work unless I push down on my phone when its resting on the charger. It I dont push on the phone; the charger is nothing more than a stand for the phone. I gave this unit 3 stars as it doesnt always charge. This may be due to the cover acting as an insulator, or this charger has issues. Update: Anker has excellent customer service. I was contacted by one representative that explained that the PowerPort works a bit differently on small and large phones. I have a larger S7 and it needs to be placed on the pad a certain way for it to work, otherwise it wont charge my phone. Customer Service went above and beyond to make me happy so I have updated my original review from 3 to 5 stars. The product is still a 3 star product with 5 star support.
After two weeks of use, Im completely satisfied with this wireless charger. I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 with a Speck CandyShell Grip case. I was concerned that the charge wouldnt make it through the case, but it works fine. Lay the phone on the charger to get the blue charge light to illuminate. Adjust the position of the phone over the charger a bit if needed. My charger did not come with an AC adapter, only a USB power cord. I plugged my old wall-to-phone charger (2.0 amp Samsung AC Adapter / USB cord) into this wireless charger, and it works fine. Compared to a wired charge method, this wireless charger takes longer to charge, and the phone heats up more. For the price, Im completely satisfied.
Works great with my Microsoft 950XL phone.  This was not my first Anker product.
Works great.  Its a big convenience being able to pick up and use the phone without needing to unplug the charge cable. I was given one as a gift and bought a 2nd on to have at the office.
It is smaller than I tought, but works as advertised. Using it with an LG G3, no issues yet.
Works great , very finicky on placement of phone to charge and is not a fast charge.
works for my Galaxy Note 5, charges slowly, but I use it at night to charge my phone so not an issue
Does not work with Samsung Note 4. Check your capability before you buy..
Awesome wireless charger!  Take note this is NOT a fast wireless charger. There is no fan to cool the device/battery down during charging but so far havent needed it, probably since it is the standard non-fast charging rate.  This charger works with my Caseology case with no problem.  Wide area of pick up,  while a 3 coil would be best,  I dont have to constantly re-position with this one to get a charging connection. very happy
Simple wireless charger, works and im happy
Not a fast charge
I have an older Nexus 4 phone. I knew that it came with the ability to do wireless charging, but I never bought a charger because they were originally more expensive. This charger showed up in my Amazon email as a special deal, so I decided to go for it. This charger works well on my naked phone. The problem is that I never carry the phone naked. I have a hybrid case on it with a metal kickstand plus a metal square for use with a magnetic mount. Although both the case manufacturer and the mount manufacturer said their products would work with wireless charging, I think the combination is too much for the charger to penetrate. I dont consider this a problem with the charger. (Or maybe stronger ones would work?). Ill be buying a new phone in the not too distant future, so Ill be careful about how much equipment I attach to that because I do like the idea of the wireless charging. I also like having an alternate charging method. If my usb port on the phone were to develop a problem (like happened to a friends non QI-able phone), Id still be able to charge it..
Works well; however, the blue light when charging is rather bright if facing you.
Ordered these from Anker direct knowing the cost of the branded Qi wireless chargers for other phone manufacturers. I picked three of these up at the todays deal of $14.95! Once it arrived I pulled out the puck and plugged in the micro usb charger for my phone into the back of the puck.  I placed my phone on the puck while it was still in its Otterbox defender case.  The Anker Wireless charger charges through the case about 70% of the time.  The other 30% of the time I take the outer covering of the Otterbox off and leave the phone in the protective plastic casing and it charges without an issue. I like the fact that I can wake up in the morning and pick up the phone and walk off.  I do not have to worry anymore about the phone charger/data area getting damaged and possibly needing to file a claim.  Some of my coworkers have cracked their screens because they hit the wire and the phone was plugged in and it sent the device to the ground.
Works just as good as the Belkin!
Great !
Works great with my Galaxy s7, even with its flip case on.
I have to say, I was very skeptical of wireless cell phone charging in general, but this product works really well! The positioning of the phone takes some getting used to, but once you figure it out, this product works great!
Im really starting to like Anker gear; Ive got a pair of their MacBook USB Gigabit Ethernet adapter/hubs and, this charging port has the same solid construction. Its both smaller and heavier than I expected (not a bad thing) with 2 unobtrusive LEDs on the side of the base. Red indicates "waiting to charge", Blue indicates "charging" and Red+Blue indicates "charge complete", at which point it maintains my Samsung Galaxy S7 (Qi compatible) at full charge. I keep it on my bedstand and no longer need to fiddle with a charge cable (note, it comes with a microUSB cable, but not a charger, so you still need to use the original charger (or any charger with a MicroUSB connector) that came with your phone.) The LEDs dont shine bright enough to reflect off anything, so dont be worried about too much light in a dark room. Just a great piece of equipment that does just what it promises. I bought mine on a daily deal, but even at full price, Im considering a second for the office (but will wait a few days, in case it goes back on daily deal :) )
this thing really does charge wirelessly. pretty cool. it charges my S6 fairly quickly even with the protective case on (UAG). and for this price it is an awesome alternative to wearing out the charging port on my phone.
I didnt realize how annoying it was trying to get my phone to charge on this until I got a Samsung charger and it always landed in the sweet spot. Review - 3 stars Update: After I identified the issues I was having with the charger and my Note 5, Anker customer service followed up to see if there was anything they could do to satisfy me and retain a customer. They ended up shipping me a quick charge charger to replace this, even though Ive been using it for a few months. I added a start for the fantastic service.
great charger and a fraction of the price of the Microsoft ones.  only complaint maybe I was trying to be nitpicky would be maybe the size is small and almost all phone of today will hang off egdes but you cant be surprised at that since it gives you dimensions right on the page?  works well with my Lumia 950 thru a standard tpu case
Bought this as a gift for my husband, he loves it. No major problems, the only thing he found is that his case was too thick to work with the charger.
bought for my Nexus 7 2nd generation. working as expected.
Tried Anker years ago and didnt care for their products much. Saw this little Qi charger and the ratings it received and decided to give it another try. I was pleasantly surprised not only at the price of this charger but also the quality and workmanship of materials used in it. I have found reviews on YouTube of a previous model of this charger that does not have an anti-slip ring in it...this one has an anti-slip ring in it. I can charge my S6 in a little under an hour-and-a-half, and the LED indicators on the side of the ring are not annoying of obnoxious (I keep this 2-3 away from my bed, facing me). I do NOT have to remove my phone from my UAG S6 case to charge, which is great! Great to travel with. The only cons I can think of at the moment is that this charger will NOT charge unless you have your phones Qi charging counterpart directly over the center of the pad (but this is just me being nit picky), and if you have your phone set to vibrate (alarms/calls/txt) the phone might vibrate itself off the center of the charger. This charger is just as great (and even better than) the officially licensed Samsung charger (on sale now for $26.95 down from $100) and it is only $12.49!!!
Work as expected.
Works fine. Because my phone (Note 4) is big compared to charger sometimes you have to find the right spot.
Good commodity.
Works good.  Matching the coil up with the phones took a bit the first time, but once I got a reference point, subsequent connections were effortless.
First one heated up phone way to much. Anker replaced right away. Second one worked fine.  Excellent customer service.
Bought two originally and since bought two more.  they work great and love the feature to charge the phone this way.  One more simple hassle of plugging in to charge out of my life.
Works as expected. Gets very HOT. Takes a while to stop charging after the devices is 100%.
Bought for my Note 5.  Charges the phone quickly!
Quick and easy to set up!! Make sure that your device works with wireless charging. No more plugging in, just set your device on the base and tada!!
Works as intended with my S6 Active. Charges like a normal 2amp but of course not like Samsungs rapid charge.
Chargers works great and is compatible with my Nexus 4 and the Qi case I bought for my iPhone 6s.  Has protection to ensure once charging is complete that it cuts off.
Great charger no issues so far after 3 months
I tried the other wireless charger that had a ton of positive reviews, (the triangle one), but I had to take off my cover just to charge it.  That kind of defeats the purpose of it, so I tried this one.  This was the charger that finally worked and I dont have to take my cover off.  I have a thick cover, it has two layers, and this charger works perfectly every time. I absolutely love it.
For the price, I cant imagine anything working better.  Yes, its a little small, but once you get used to placing it on the correct spot, it was flawlessly.  Device:  Note 5
I have a Note 5 and it works great.  It sits on my desk at work.  I drop it on and it charges through my case (I have a Spigen case) as fast (or so it tells me) as when Im connected with a cable.  Very happy with it.
My favorite wireless charger I have ever used. Amazing. Just wish it came with a wall brick with it too.
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge. Delivery was right when expected .
Great tool. I have one at home and in the office. The office one is awesome since I can just drop and grab my phone as I run to my next meeting. It does require some precise usage (Galaxy S6). A few times Ive gone out of the house on a near empty battery because it wasnt centered properly on the device.
Works great. No problem with the phone case. You do want to double check and make sure you have it on the pad correctly so you dont wake up in the morning with a dead phone.
Works great! Sometimes you have to make sure your device is on it just right or it wont charge.
Great product.
Solidly built, works perfectly, holds the phone with a nice rubbery rim.  Wish I bought this sooner!
Very good, hassle free. Although, I was expecting a wall charger to be included in the package, which would have been 5-stars.
Product is as described. I bought a 10 foot cable for it and the pad sits on the table next to my recliner. Its great to be able to get little cheat charges when I am reading or watching TV. This charges my Samsung Galaxy S6 from dead to full power in a little over 3 hours. That seems slow, but it is a general technology bottleneck rather than a flaw in the product.
works well with the receiver I ordered for my Galaxy S5. Lights on the base are great to let the user know if things are working as they should. My phone also pops up a notification several seconds after the light on the unit comes on.
I Would like to retract my previous review. Turns out the mistake was mine by reading HTC 8X I mistakenly believed applied toothed M8 and beyond. Been using it on a Samsung it charges amazingly fast. Made contact even with a spiegen case. So I do recommend it. As a side note I want to.thank the anker team for their promt support and helping me with options, even of.not made my them, quite quickly.
The product didnt work well for me because I have a thick case on my phone and it was very tricky to get it to "line up" correctly and charge.  Also it has to be face-up and the light comes on, which isnt good for sleeping.  The companys customer service was excellent, however, and gave me a full refund since I wasnt totally happy (and they also didnt make me send the charger back).  Great customer service is a rare thing these days, and goes a long way in my book.
Exceeded expectation.  I had concerns this product would not work with my "Outter Box" attached, but it works fine - every time!  Moreover, I could not be more pleased with the quality.
Excellent Seller and Product!!
Good
I purchased 2 of these, unfortunately they didnt work for my phones. Anker took care of everything and I didnt have to hassle with a thing. I have 4 Anker products from solar chargers to battery packs that are excellent, If these chargers would have worked for my phones I know they would have been a superior product.
I love this!  It is sooo easy!  The last wireless charger I had, was a big pain.  I would always have to unplug it and reset.  So far so good with this one!  Only had one issue so far, and I believe that was operator error.
UPDATE: Since my review the company contacted me since I didnt see a contact on the paperwork. They shipped out a new charger & it works perfectly. Did not work at all on samsung galaxy s6. When I plug the charger in there is a red light. When I sent my phone on the charger it is still just a red light. It wont charge it at all.
Simple
Works great even through an otterbox case
This wireless charger works 10 times better than the Samsung version. I use it on my night stand. It charges my Galaxy S6 Edge quickly.
Nice product,  but it does not comes with wall charger, charging cable is too small to use and charging is comparatively slow. Overall good product, but I wish it had a longer cable 06/2: Anker team has took my initial feedback/concerns comments seriously and have tried there best to resolve my all the concerns in all the best possible way (not only by providing possible troubleshoot steps, they have even provided me the replacement 6" cable and charger). I have never seen such a quick response/action ever by any support team to resolve the issues raised by the customer. I am adding 2 more stars after my communication with them.
Really great wireless charger! works well with my S6.
Item works great, no issues at all. No problems with new Samsung S7 Edge and Samsung Note 5 (with Spigen Slim Armor case) and compatibility.
Works well so far. Charges the phone with no problems. I am very satisfied. I would purchase this item again.
Had this charger for about a week and it has performed flawlessly. Update: Three months later, still working great. I see so many negative reviews, I would bet more than 75% of them are due to user error...
My first charger ran really hot. Scary hot. Ankers customer service proactively replaced it with a new version and so far it works great. And doesnt over heat. Cant beat the price.
I have these all over my house and office.  I have also wired up one in the center console of my truck because I am a crazy person.  I have never had an issue with any of them.  The price point is beyond fair.  I do hope that Anker releases a version that support fast charging with a good price as well.
Works as expected. Im only disappointed that this doesnt come with a wall outlet.
Works very well with 3rd party Samsung receiver.  Doesnt cause Galaxy S5 to cycle all night long like some others.
Probably the best item I have purchased during the past year or so. I was a little bit skeptical about this, when I bought this based on the reviews. But after using this for more than 2-3 weeks now, I am delighted with this product. The biggest advantage is that this totally removes the hassle of plugging the phone in and out everyone time you need to check your phone. And also charges at a decent rate. As Ive read in reviews, this needed a 2A Wall Power Socket output, but for me this works smoothly even with laptop power output as well. Also there was a bug mentioned as the power disconnecting from time to time (the red & blue lights switching while the phone is placed), again for me this doesnt happen and phone charges fully. This might have been a case with a particular batch of products with a bug. It was also complained that its very hard to place the phone on this, to make the blue light one, but its very easy and the device recognizes phone very easily. As the last thing, it was said that device disconnected power when the phone reached 100%, causing to loose around 10% as it was not charging then. But for me again, I have not noticed its not disconnecting and keeps charging over night. However this doesnt overheat as well. With all the doubts getting cleared which I read through the reviews, Im more than delighted to use this product.
I was not sure this would work with my Samsung S6  due to the thickness of my OtterBox case.  I was pleasantly surprised when it worked with no problems.  It charges even quicker than my original cord.  Was a very good purchase!
I have the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and it works great with it. Remember to get the usb wall outlet if you need one. I do wish it was a little bigger but it does the trick. I believe everything phone will have the wireless charging capability very soon.  Its great.
Ive been using this charger on and off for a few days, and so far I really like it. Its nice and convenient to just place the phone down and not having to deal with plugging in a cable. After learning where my wirelss charging was located on the phone, positioning the phone on the charger has been pretty easy and I very rarely have to reposition it. A friend of mine has the Samsung wireless charger (non fast charge version), so I was able to compare this Anker charger to his Samsung one using my Galaxy S7 edge in a Spigen Neo hybrid case. Both wireless chargers were connected to a 2amp samsung wall adapter. Anker: + Costs less - takes a second or two from set down to when it starts charging - Doesnt come with wall adapter Much smaller than samsung charger Samsung: - Costs more + Starts charging almost immediately + comes with wall adapter Much bigger than Anker charger Both: Charge time is the same according to my phones charge complete estimate Notes: With my phone at 50%, it estimated 1h 45m to a full charge with wireless and 57 minutes when directly connected to the samsung charger (using samsung fast charging).
Small, easy to use.
As far as in working order...this product charges the phone (Nexus 6) very fast and effectively...BUT....this product does not come with the wall plug!!  It doesnt mention it anywhere...it just comes with the pad and the cord....you are responsible for coming up with a wall plug thats rated at 2.0 or higher...I paid almost $13 and had to buy my own wall plug....I would have given 4-5 stars but had to deduct a star or two for this product needing another part for it to work properly.... After this review where I had originally only left 3 stars,  I was contacted by Anker customer service!!  They made sure I was a satisfied customer and sent me an extra high quality cable for free.  Their product is of highest quality and customer service is top notch!  Very happy customer.
Excellent product
Works perfectly, charges my Qi devices, didnt break the bank.
Slow charging - current is 1A only.
Almost 2 months now and its been working great even better than the Samsung, always gets %100 charge
Works great. I like the smaller form factor and it works just as well as OEM.
Excellent product! Charges very rapidly for the Galaxy note 5
I have bought lots of Anker products and all have been excellent (chargers, cables, battery packs).  This one follows suit.  My son broke his Google Nexus 6 charging port.... the cables just sort of wiggles in the port now and doesnt charge.  I read that the Nexus 6 can charge wirelessly so I decided to buy him a new charger.  First of all, dont buy these electronics at the local cell phone stores.  Their prices are outrageous!  Walmart and Target also cant compete with Amazon on these types of electronic devices for price.  When I saw Anker sells this, my decision was easy.  Anker makes great products at great prices.  I even love how Anker packages their products.  When I open these up, the packaging just gives the impression of quality.  And these are great quality products!!  The one time I had an issue with an Anker charger failing prematurely, they replaced the device no questions asked and very quickly.  Great company and great products.  I will buy electronics from Anker from now on.
Amazing works great on my nexus 6........ warning it doesnt come with wall adapter only cable but everybody should have a usb wall adapter already.
I have some chargers that output 5V/2A but my phone doesnt take advantage of the full current delivery on all of them. This bridges the gap pretty well. My only complaint is (just as others state) that the phone, once charged, disconnects from the charging pad and will begin its discharge cycle while the charging pad stays at the fully charged state, awaiting the user to remove and replace their device to top off or recharge it, depending on how precipitous a drop in capacity has occurred since the full charge level was obtained. I only had a problem with my phone being dead in the morning on a previous build of Windows Phone 10 and having left my phone on the pad all day after an overnight charge. Microsoft since fixed whatever was causing that rapid discharge in a subsequent build and my phone might drop 10% or so (better than 70%). All this said, the convenience of wireless charging greatly outweighs the minor issue I described and I have been quite pleased with this product.
Great product. It is charging fine with the case on it (verus crystal bumper clear case). I do not need to remove the case to charge.
No frills, no gimmicks, just simple wireless power. Plug it in, place phone on top, off you go. Debating purchasing a few more to place around the home, car and office.
Chargers in no time flat!
This little device fully charges my phone quicker than the phone charger ever did.
Thing is awesome! Easy to line up with note 5... Chsrges through case...doesnt overcharge battery. Must have for any phone with QI capability
It serves it purpose.
I bought this and the Qi-infinityTM Wireless Charger Qi Receiver Phone Case for iPhone 6 (4.7 Inch) for my iPhone in hopes that it would fix my iPhone charging problems and it works perfectly! I previously could not plug my charger into my phone without having it in the perfect position and this was the solution. Its very small and perfect for travel as well as everyday use.
Works well on my Galaxy S6 even with my Otterbox defender case. Ive had a few times when it didnt work but about 85% of the time it is fine. Im sure without the case it would be fine. Great price compared to buying it from Verizon.
Love it!  I t makes it so much easier to charge my phone.  You just set the phone on the pad and walk away.  I set it on my bedside table so I can charge my phone when I go to sleep.
Original: too small, too thick, could be better.. Update: It looks like Anker does stand behind their product well. This original does not work with my Nexus 6 and Nexus 7 due to this design cannot hold them both, Anker issued an replacement with a bigger pad and it all worked out. Anker rocks!
Had an issue with the first one (seems to be a possible Samsung Galaxy note 5 issue) but the seller sent me a replacement and it worked as it should. Using this Qi charger is infinitely more convenient than plugging the phone into a USB jack. I actually went one step farther. I secured the charger strategically to the top of a plastic stand so now whenever I place my phone on the stand, the charger is automatically in the right place. No more fumbling with the phone to find that sweet spot. See the attached photo.
This is a great little wireless charger , Works great with my Galaxy S6 edge+ ! Thank you Anker!
good product, works well and has a nice rubber grip
Works great
Warms up more than I thought but really easy to use and charges in a good amount of time.
This device worked perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy S6, even through my Spigen case.  You do need a USB charger to connect the cable to, but otherwise you shouldnt need anything else.  Since my phone doesnt accept a fast-charge wirelessly, I cannot comment on its ability to fast-charge.  However, it works fine to charge normally. I like mine next to my desk while working so that I have a full charge when leaving work. If a call or text comes in, I dont have to worry about a charger wire getting in the way.
Portable for my needs when charing my S6, Moto360 or another Qi enabled device so I dont have to take my Tylt or watch charger on the go to hotels.
This is the best wireless charger.  Anker youve  done it again
Nice, compact charger that works well. I like the grippy rubber ring that helps keep the phone from sliding around. My only complaint is that initially I thought the charger was defective and I almost sent it back. It turned out the charger was OK, but the included USB cable was damaged to the point it was unusable. I didnt appreciate having to buy a USB cable separately to get the charger working.
Easy to set up an use. Charges a bit slowly for my taste but that could be that i am used to the galaxys fast charge...
ANything made by Anker is good in my book.  The charger pad, er, Powerport as they call it works great even with the holster case I use on my phone.  Good job, fast deliverry. A+  Thanks
Great price - quick charging!
Wish it charged faster but I like it.
great product.  Very use to use -- much better then connecting phone to a cord.
Works well for my Nexus 7 2nd gen (2013). It does get warm when charging, but not to a worrisome level. Its very easy to align the Nexus up and get the blue charging light.
I purchased one for my wife and one myself, they both work flawlessly and as good as the Samsung one I use during work for a fraction of the price. Good job Anker!
Works great with my phone.
Works well
Works well with the Samsung Galaxy S6.
Life is simple with Qi to charge your Samsung S6 Edge
Works very well and charges rapidly. Very small, light and portable. I love it and recommend it highly for Samsung phones. Too there isn’t something like this for iPhones.
Bought for a Note 5 - works great and I do not need to remove the otterbox to charge it - even better. Been using it for 2 weeks no complaints yet
works well
Works great so far, it charges both my S5 with 3rd party receiver and S7 I got recently. Power rating is about accurate.
Charging speed seems ok. Phone gets a little warm but that seems to be the norm. I like it that when the phone rings while charging, there is no unplugging the usb to answer, just pick up the phone and replace when done.
I like it, and it works with the case on my phone.
This wireless charger works better than I was expecting!
Great product. Charges my Galaxy S6 Edge through the Wallet Case. I highly recommend this Hands Free Charger for anyone and especially for those with arthritic hands.
Works as advertised with no problems so far. Using with galaxy s6 edge that has spigen air cushion bumper case. Probably will buy another.
The wave of the future is wireless charging.  This product works perfectly.  The only drawback is the time it takes to fully charge is more than connecting the supplied charger.  If speed is not a factor then this is perfect.
It is good
works great with my tablet too
The anker wireless charger is my first, and I was definitely a skeptic to the wireless charging game. However, this quality product has made me a believer! Even through a case, there were no problems connecting to my device and a quick charge has been delivered every time. Best part is no wires for my cat to mess with or chew! The charging pad is a little larger than a silver dollar and has a good weight so it does not move around, and my galaxy s6, with its large screen, balances perfectly on the pad. Overall, the quality prompted me to buy an anker micro usb cable for when I dont have my wireless charger with me. Big fan of the brand now!
Awesome way to charge your phone and what a great value.  I bought two, one for home and work. No more plugging my phone in, just set it down on the charger. Simple, cheap, effective - what is not to like?
Well made product, compact- nice materials- the rubber non slip ring on the top is a nice touch. The only thing I would change is I would make the printed wireless "graphic/logo" on the top a darker color so its not so high contrast- would make the device nicer looking and less obtrusive when not in use.
I like that
Great product! So much better than traditional wired chargers. Still works with my otterbox case on, and charges extremely fast.
Better than the Samsung charger from Walmart.
My new Galaxy S6 started having trouble with the connections when charging after having it only 2 months.  This wireless charger works perfectly.  I have a thick UAG cover on the phone and it does not need to be removed.  Full charge in about 1-1/2 hours.  Very happy with this purchase!
Good price for a neat item. Got this to sit on my desk at work. Now I just set my phone down and charge it throughout the day without having to keep plugging it in. Charges quick, and doesnt take up much space.
[Upgrading from 3 to 4 stars as Anker were fantastic in reaching out to me following the review and providing a free cable as an alternative] Probably not a fault of the charger but the nature of these devices. Because the light showing its charging is covered up the second you put the phone down, you have a great deal of difficulty knowing if its working or not. Even when you have a charging light on, it doesnt necessarily mean its charging and I have woken several times to find that my phone is dead. It also takes much longer to charge than when I plug my phone. My Lumia 950 can get to 50% power in 20 minutes or so, but with this device I sometimes leave it all night and still find my phone not at 100% in the morning. Given how long it takes both to charge, and to know that its charging - I feel just plugging a cable in would be a great deal less hassle. The only time I think I will use this type of device in the future will be when I need to charge the phone but the USB socket is being used for something else (screen sharing)
Works great with lumia 950..  Compact and well built.
Have 2 of these now- am extremely pleased. Charges my Motorola Turbo with Otterbox case from 20% to full in about 4 hrs (with intermittent breaks as needed to use).  A couple of notes. Does not come with a power supply (seems to be the standard practice), Ive paired it with a Auckey quick charger. While certainly not as fast as the quick charge, I figure it gives me the option to use either the wireless or the quick charge .Regardless, think I would pair this with a quality charger for best results.  Other thing I have noticed, it seems like its more finicky about placement with the Otterbox installed- really not a issue, just takes a second or two more to find the sweet spot
Excelent choice.
Works well, but people need to be aware that having cases on the phones that you are buying these for may affect the ability to charge wirelessly. You may need to take off your cases in order to charge, which is somewhat inconvenient.
It works decent with my Motorola Turbo 2. It didnt always make contact, but when it did, it worked fine. The build quality is great as well.
As with many Anker products that we have purchased and used... the quality of this charger is no different in that it works excellent! A few things I did notice that could improve this item are: 1) Some people ask for a power block to be included. I think this would be a good idea given that it should give the experience of plug and play right outside the box and not dependent on existing power supply. 2) The USB cord that comes with it is not branded Anker like their normal cords they sell in a bundle.  It is also made differently and a bit thinner than their bundled cords.  I think the manufacturer that supplies this to Anker is differet.  I hope the cord lasts. 3) Design-wise the puck looks compact however I use a Galaxy Note 5 and have to balance on the puck.  Given the size of the Note 5, it is hard to see the LED indicator once phone is placed on top.  It looks funny when it is being charged... you may think this is trivial but design is really important in function.  It takes a getting use to to trust the phone doesnt tip with nearby movement.  I DO NOT recommend this on a desk where people keep bumping in to it. 4) Like with most Qi or wireless chargers... the charging is much slower than when plugged directly into the power supply.  It is however on par or maybe slightly faster than USB charging from say a laptop or desktop.  This could be a technological limitation and not Ankers design. 5) The black ring you see on top is also anti slip which does help the phone from spinning around in case of accidental tap. 6) With the Note 5 I had to keep phone centered or else it would not charge and tip obviously tip off the charger. Although there is room left to perfect this device I still would recommend this if your phone is capable of wireless charging.  Less damage to the micro-usb ports.
Anker is one of those companies that so far Ive had nothing but a great experience with.  This product is no different.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone.  I attached this to my Anker 6 port USB charger and my Samsung Note 5 charges just as it should,  No wires and at about 80% efficiency.  Its so awesome not to have to plug my phone in anymore.  Take it from me, if you buy one of these, buy a couple.  Just put them around the house and in your office.  The level of convenience is amazing.
Simple to use, doesnt beep during the night, charge on Galaxy S5 is 100% in the morning. Slightly fussy about positioning of the phone, but you get used to it quickly, easy to tell when phone is positioned correctly because indicator LED goes from red to blue. Blue light not bright enough to disturb sleep (and I am pretty light sensitive). Red and green lights are supposed to go on together when phone is fully charged, but Ive never seen this happen--and I dont care, you can easily tell by looking at your phone. Charges thru Spigen Thin Armor case. Comes with a cable but not the wall charger (AC to USB), I use the one that came with my phone, works fine.
This works great! It charges my phone through my phone case with no problems. I would highly recommend it!!
I use this nightly with my Droid Turbo 2 in Otterbox commuter - Ive had it for months without a hiccup.  I have had absolutely no issues with it not charging or being detected.  The rubber grip on it helps the phone from sliding off which some planer plates have issues with.  For those worried about having a damaged charging port (a common failure mode) this is a good way of setting and forgetting if you have a Qi enabled phone.
I got a replacement from Anker because the first one was not working and the replacement charges my Samsung S6 and Note 4 without a problem. I am a loyal Anker customer because of their great products and customer service. They stand behind their products 100%.
About a year ago, I messed up the charging port as well as completely ruining a cable by kicking my Nexus 7 (2nd gen) off the foot of my bed while it was charging. After that, it got harder and harder to charge it until Id leave it on the charger for days and Id hardly gain 10%. But this thing saved my bacon. Sometimes I have to reseat it on the charger a couple of times before it actually charges (which, by the way, happens even on the more expensive Samsung charger), but it works beautifully. Now I can charge my tablet normally. I like the light on the side that tells you its powered. One caveat: while it does come with a USB cable, it doesnt come with a wall wart. And you have to use a USB wall charger; you cant just plug it into your computer. That would be an extra expense if I hadnt had one lying around.
Got this to replace a broken one and its very good.  I feel like i have a larger margin of error for placing my phone on this pad than the two others I have owned previously (different manufacturers).  Would be 5 stars if they included the power brick.
Perfect size and price.  Bought 1 for myself and 1 for my wife.  Very happy.
This product works as you would expect, but with a larger phone it is really tough to center it properly. I bought the small round ones thinking they would look nicer around the house. While nothing was wrong with their product, they did reach out to me and offered me a free gift since the product didnt work out for me. I refused the gift since there was nothing wrong, but what a great company! I recommend this for smaller phones. But if you have a larger phone you might want to get a rectangle style charger to avoid the hassle of trying to hit the sweet spot.
This is a replacement for the damaged product..great product at a great price. The company stood by its product and replaced it in a timely manner...thanks
looks better than the picture, a nice metallic accent ring on top and non-annoying leds to let you know if it is idle-charging-charged, sits perfectly with rubber bands on both sides and weights quite a bit too, now I want more of them everywhererrrrrr
Working as nicely as anything can. Highly recommended.
Good
Great charger. was send in good time. love using it. was not damaged at all. so glad i found one for a good price.
Works great on my S6 With otterbox case.  I didnt even find it that picky about position of the phone on it like some others have said.  Just flop the phone on it so its kinda in the middle and it works every time.
Charger has a very nice pickup area for inductive charging. It is a little hard to see whether or not the light comes on for charging if you have a large phone, but I got over that pretty quickly. I really like this charger.
No complaints so far its been 2 weeks
Works well, at !ESS than half the price Samsung.
Got this to charge my Moto360 android wear watch while Im travelling, but it also works with my Nexus 7 tablet and Nexus 6 phone. Small, portable, lights give a clear indication when something is charging and when its done charging.
I liked it but my phone was not compatibility but Anker Direct was so helpful would buy other products from them I was refunded no problem thanks for your help!
Good charger but I dont use it much as my phone has a thick case on it and prevents the charger from charging the phone.  Theres nothing wrong with the charger, I just dont want to take the case off each night to charge.
I love this product. It even works without taking off my Otter Box Defender case with my Galaxy Note 5.
Charging is on the slow side
very cool device.  nice size for a cluttered bedside table.  seems to charge at the same rate as the charger that came with the phone too.
It gets a little warmer than I might like, but it might be because I have a thin case on it. Works great --- simple to use..... what more could you want.
Bought this for my husband for his birthday. Im an Apple girl so I didnt know a lot about the Samsung products. But he owns a Note Edge. The description lists Edge, Note, S7, S6, etc. So I figured if it did the Edge and the Note it should work on the Note Edge too. Wrong! -_- ** I changed my Product Review from a One to a Four Star because of Ankers customer service. After first I emailed the manufacture to find out why the product didnt work on the phone and they told me that I would need to purchase a special backing for the phone in order to use the wireless charger with the Note Edge and didnt offer an refund/return. But a few days later (likely upon viewing my One Star review) a different Anker rep started emailing me and offered me a refund for the product, which I thought was great and definitely gave me a completely different opinion on the manufacturer than I did one week ago! Very professional and actual seem to really care about good customer service!
Works as described
Amazing product. It is used everyday and works as advertised and without any issues.
It is convenient while sitting watching tv, reading. Just lay it on charger.
Works great! I purchased because I wanted to see how wireless charging worked and didnt want to spend the cost for the Samsung model. This charger is great. Anker has amazing products.
This worked great when the charging port on my daughters Nexus 7 died!
Works great!
Connected to the phone only occasionally and even then, did not charge.  Also, could not return through Amazon - black eyes to both Amazon and Anker.  Aint got no customer support, aint got no customers!  After my negative experience, I was contacted by Anker and they provided me with a free replacement that works great.  Kudos for reach out to an unsatisfied customer
Bought this for use at work (Automotive Tech). I hated having to constantly plug and unplug my phone when I needed to drive a vehicle. Now it doesnt work the best with my Droid Turbo 2 but that is due to my otter box defender case. With the case it takes some time to get the phone positioned correct for it to pick up the signal (max 30 seconds). Without the case its just as fast as plugging it in. Phone does get a little hot when charging but hasnt effected performance in any way.
Faster and easier way to charge your phone without having to worry about breaking your cord.
Rather thick compared to other I own. Never quite sure if phone is in right place because theres a lag between placing the phone down and the charging light kicking on, Then you have to move the phone a bit and wait and see if it charges, PIA. The device itself has an LED that is impossible to see when the phone (Galaxy S7) is on top of it. There are better ones on Amazon for the same price. ******* Update Anker reached out to me and provided me with a replacement and it works much better. It connects to the phone faster and more reliably.
When I got my Samsung S6 Edge, I bought a Samsung wireless charger. When I saw how convenient it was; I wanted one for our camp and another one, to use at our sons home. The only negative was the high cost. I found this charger,  on Amazon, and decided to give it a try. I bought two. The chargers are working, just fine. They have a smaller footprint, which makes it easy to put them just about anywhere. Now I have no worry, about forgetting my wireless charger, whether Im going or coming back.
It charges fast, but you have to make sure to put it directly in the middle and wait to make sure it will charge in that position. Its not too much trouble and it is very convenient instead of plugging it in.
Great product, it charges my Samsung 6 Even witth a phone cover
I was so happy with this that I bought a second one to have on the second floor of my house. Id love to have one in every room! Its so convenient, and theres a lot of piece of mind knowing that my Samsung Galaxy S6 battery is always topped off when I have to run out unexpectedly. And you cant beat this price! Anker did it again with another outstanding product!
Not the fastest charge but still gets the job done. You have to place it at a certain spot on the mat for it to start charging. Overall it is a good product
I thought Anker was quality....I never had a problem with their battery pack/chargers....I guess different with Qi charger.  Good while it worked.....didnt last long...went out before warranty....cant find proof of purchase. UPDATE:  Anker contacted me and made good with a new, working perfectly, no charge replacement.....WAY TO GO ANKER.  Based on this I would definitely buy from them again!
This Qi pad works great with my Anker IQ charging block. It communicates well with my phone, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for one of these. Anker has the best customer support, and every product Ive bought from them was very well made. This pad is fast, and puts out a high output. It doesnt take up a lot of energy when on stand-by (It will not supply power to the Qi coils until it actively detects a phone, and then confirms with the phone to initiate a wireless charge. My G3 sees it instantly as a Qi protocol charging system, and will even charge through my Spigen case. Im very pleased with this pad for only $15 (March 2016).
I love it works great although its not a fast charger, it greats the job done.
Good charger, nice light indicator although could maybe be more pronounced (LED strip like on other mfgers). Grips nice in the car. Only complaint is it has somewhat of a small charging area and sometimes it doesnt charge even when it would seem lined up. Seems easier on others Ive used.
This product met and exceeded all expectations for a wireless charges. Charges both the Samsung Galaxy S-5 and my S7. Great Product!
Great minimalist device.  Works well without needing to worry much if Ive placed my phone in the right spot.  I have a Samsung Note 5.  I only use it at night and dont really notice how fast it charges but its always 100% when I wake up.  I have this paired with an anker usb charge hub and it works flawlessly.
Works like the Samsung unir at half price. Extens the life of the phone.
Its a nice gadget to have when youre sitting at your desk and you want to just plop your phone down to charge. The only problem is that my regular charger is much faster at charging, so I end up just plugging it in anyways. Aside from that, it works well and is simply a fun gadget to have.
This works pretty good.  Takes a bit to get used to were to position phone.  Does take a fairly long time to complete a charge but its better than a cord.  Phone also gets pretty warm.
even works with a otter box for the note 5 great product
There are a million of these chargers out there but this one definitely has a better build quality than most of the no-name versions.  It is heavier and the metal ring and minimal colors/logos add to this.  It is obvious when I compare it to a coworkers that was a few $ cheaper. This probably doesnt matter if you need it for only utilitarian purposes.  It worked for me.  My phone would overhead and stop charging but I think that is a limitation of the phone and tech not the charger.  It has a light to indicate when it is charging and it will flash if it loses the "connection" so, at least you are notified.
Good product, fast shipping. You do have to find a sweet spot for charging but thats no real issue.
Works with my Lumia 950XL
Compact and effective wireless charger with no impact on WiFI and hotspot of my S6. Great value and really fast charging, the charging speed is directly correlated to the cord/charger you use. If you have a fast Samsung charger hooked up to the end the s6 charges in ~30 min from 1% battery. It is small and the light indicators are not too bright to be placed next to your bed (if they are still to bright you can use a post it sticky to block off the light. The phone does have to be in a specific location to charge though.. otherwise it will not work. It does not over heat and know when the charging is done so it turns itself off, very convenient feature. Bought two and would buy again in the future.
The Charger works great with my Motorola Droid Turbo 2! I even bought 2, one for work and one for home. It does charge a bit slower than plugging in the USB cable, but its convenient and Im satisfied.
Needed at charger that could charge my wifes phone with no plug in and this is nice for the price. I wouldnt say its the best but it charges like it should not fast but a overnight charge is good enough use for it
Bought 2 of these for myself and my spouse.  At first I was heistant because of the price, but now that I have it, I am so glad I bought them.  The work great, and I am considering picking up a few extras to put around the house in common areas for guests!  For the price, the quality exceeds the expectation!
Great product, it gets a little warm after use, but nothing worth concern.
Perfect
This thing works beautifully. Ive had no problems with connectivity at all, it charges quickly, and never overheats. For the price, you cant go wrong. If I needed an extra charger, Id definitely go with another one of these.
Works perfectly.  Used with a Samsung Galaxy S6 with Otter Defender case.
Works very well. Even charges through a clear samsung note 5 case purchased at T-Mobile. Keeps the input jack from getting janky over time. So good I ordered two! Just know that you will need the ac adapter to go with it (2.1amp)
Has to be unplugged and plugged back in every other day because it stops working.
Great value for the money, charges phone but not through a Heavy Duty Rugged case, but otherwise good.
It works
What can I say, its an Anker product. Works great and good price. I am an Anker lover (and not being paid).
works well with Motorola Turbo 2
Works fantastic for my galaxy s6, even through my otterbox!
Nice and convenient.  It starts charging immediately.  Its not a speed charge but a steady.  It is worth what I paid for it.
Love the charger. Very convenient to set phone down only. There is a sound and a blue light that indicates it is charging. Also, a red light when it is fully charged.
Product has quality feel and initially easy to use. I ran into a problem trying to charge the phone with the case on, as it would cycle on and off and was not tolerable. The people at Anker contacted me and offered some suggestions, and finally sent me free of charge a high rate charger, 18w, and now it works great! So my suggestion is, use this product only with a high rate charger, not a standard 2w. Anker customer support fantastic!
Nice charger for the price. I prefer the three coil type because you dont have to pay attention to phone placement. On this type you must make sure phone is placed in proper place to charge. Still a good h charger for the price.
excellent Qi charger, charges right through a thick tablet case, cheaper than the Nexus Wireless Charger, blue indicator shows its charging, this is the second product I have bought from Anker, great products, great prices.
Sellers work with you to try to solve problem or malfunctions. It works great
I have to say I am impressed with this charger. It is very handy as I leave it on my desk at work so I can just set down or pick up my phone as needed. Plus it will save me from breaking so many charging cables or even worse the charging port on my phone. I have a case and a card holder on my ohone and it charges through both just fine, and it hasnt ruined my cridit cards either. The Red light is idle, the blue light is charging.
Excellent piece of hardware and charges efficiently.  Im using it with my LG Nexus 5.
Works great to charge my Motorola Nexus 6, even through a thin case.
Updated: 6/16/16: After I posted my original 1 star review, I was contacted by Anker customer service, where they offered to RMA my devices after they confirmed I was using the appropriate power brick (need to use a 2AMP charger). They did send out replacements quickly and BOTH of the new devices worked. Im revising my review to a 4 star, taking 1/2 a star away because of the DOA on the first two, and a second 1/2 star because it still requires some intentional alignment to get the phone on the puck without it slipping off or not engaging the wireless charge feature. Original review after purchase: Purchased two PowerPort wireless pucks, it doesnt work with my wifes Samsung Note 5 or my Galaxy 7
Work awsome and charge fast
Love the charger.  It works with my Lumia 830.  I have to make sure the the circle is offset a tad (probably less than 60:40) towards the lower half of the phone in order for it to charge.  No big deal.  The phone stays on the circle with no issue.  Ive had good luck with Anker products in the past and this product seems very well made.
unit replace by Anker good customer service.
I use this charger with my Galaxy S7 and it works like a charm. The light on the side tells you its connected, along with your phone alerting you as if you had plugged it in. I use this on my nightstand, just place my phone on it before bed and its ready to go by the time I get up. My only regret is not buying it sooner.
Love Love Love this charging pad. I can set my phone down, sometimes off center or crooked and it still works.  Best one I have found for the price.  I even use it in my care, it does not slide around like you would think.
Great product!  Works great!
Pros: 1.Charger is reliable and gets the job done. Never had an issue with the product not working properly. 2.Set it and forget it no searching through all the other charging cords. Set the charger on your nightstand, table, anywhere and just set your phone on it to charge.  Very conveinent process. 3.Very professional looking Looks like it is from Samsung, just another reason why Anker is one of the best. Cons: 1.Keeping your phone charging You have to make sure you set your phone on the "sweet spot" to make sure it charges.  It can be frustrating shifting your phone to try and find the charge spot on the pad. 2.Charging Speed Definitely not the fast charger that the Samsung Galaxy comes with.  This product is better as an overnight charger instead of a mid-day boost charge. 3.Lack of mobility Setting it and forgetting it can be good, but if you need to make a call or text when your battery is low you just have to unplug the wireless pad and insert the cord into your phone.  Small thing, but can get annoying if your battery struggles to hold a charge. Overall a nice charger that has could be fine tuned a little bit, but for the price it is a nice buy.
Small in size but a really great charger...buy it!!
My setup works well. Im using this with this IPhone 6s case . I use it on my night stand and desk at work (in case I forget to charge it at night) Pros: Fast charging - never timed, but I think a full charge takes about 2 hours Cons: Placement is touchy. It has a really narrow sweet spot (can be an issue with the case too) The device is too small. It feels a little wobbly. I would have liked a bigger footprint but this is more of a personal preference.
After finding the right pack to fit my phone I was able to test this guy out. Works exactly intended and even goes through my phone case which was a concern since its a flip over wallet design. Best part is the light turns from red to blue the second a connection is made so you dont have to sit there worrying about if its on right or not.
Still trying it out...used it for 2 days....will update review when i am finished trying it out
Holds the surface well (no drag movement from the cable.) As long as my phone is balanced on top of the circle, its charging correctly. Blends in nicely almost anywhere but still visible.
Everything is good
Great product. Love everything I get from Anker
Love it
Plug it in to the USB port, put your phone on the pad. Works great. What could be easier? Great price, too.
Qi charging might seem like a useless feature but its great once you start using it, especially when youre tired and you dont want to look for the charger cable thats usually in a hard to reach place somewhere on the floor... The Anker Qi pad is smaller and slimmer than the Samsung charger but unlike the Korean competition, the red LED on the front of the Anker pad stays on when its not in use. The blue LED lights up when charging and both LEDs light up when the phone is charged. This charger does not include the power adapter but you should know this if you read the product description.
I like the ease it begins charging. Phone cases sometimes hinder the start process. With this charger I have never had to remove the phone from the case.
Ive become a huge fan of Anker products.  I bought this wireless charger to use with my Galaxy S6.  It works perfectly even though I have a pretty heavy-duty case on my phone.
Well, like many, the charging port on my Nexus 7 needed replacing. I purchased another brand tablet and shelved the Nexus and was bummed because I couldnt access my many years of pics and vids. So after about 3 months I searched for a remedy and came upon someone who mentioned a wireless charger. Anyway, I was amazed and very happy when it worked and I was back in business with my favorite tablet. Thanks Fantasia Trading LLC for a great product and under $15.00. I would say, dont wait, buy one now!!
No problems with centering with a galaxy s6 with a case on it.  Charges as well as the Samsung branded charger, except it doesnt freak out and stop charging randomly.  Doesnt get too hot.  I had to tape over the blue LED light..its very bright in a dark room.
Outrageous wireless pad charger trust me this really works
Great if the USB port on your phone has seen better days. It would be nicer if the puck was a little bigger - I have a nexus 6, it seems to charge a bit off center to begin with.
Works with Samsung Galaxy Note 5 with otterbox commuter series case on. Works great when it actually works. I use the proper charger and sometimes it works right away, sometimes I have to unplug it and replug it til it works. Annoying but not a big deal. Also, for everyone complaining it doesnt work, make sure you use the correct charger plug as they specify "Use a 2 amp AC adapter." At first I tried using it with an alarm clock that has a USB port, and it didnt work, then I tried using the plug from my Galaxy Note 5 and it works. I use it to charge while I sleep so the slow charging time doesnt bother me. The customer service is amazing and I recommend this brand to everyone!
good buy works great
I am very pleased with the way it works.  Ive ordered another one as well.
This Anker does NOT work to charge an iPhone. Directions are very minimal, but it looks easy to use. I like the product for other devices, but it didnt meet my desire to charge my Wifes iPhone. It looked like it charges everything, but read all the devices that it is compatible with. Great service on the refund.
The Anker Wireless Charger works exactly as anticipated. While it does not provide the fast-charging as a typical wall plug will on my Nexus 6, it does provide the convenience of setting it down and powering my device without needing to fiddle with the USB cord. The charger is stylish enough to not look out of place anywhere in the house, and the feet of it prevent it from moving around as you set down/pick up your phone. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who had a Qi-enabled device and was looking for a good alternative to simply leaving their phone on the counter, slowly eating battery away.
Great little chargers. We have S6 edge and Note 5, they work perfect with both devices. Not quite as fast as using the standard fast charger, but still pretty fast plus its convenient (especially when you keep your phone next to the bed for an alarm clock- no ripping your charger out of the wall even morning!) Love em.
I received this wireless charger about a week ago and have used it every day since.  I have the Verus High Pro Shield case on my phone which is mostly rubber on the back where it would make contact with this charger.  I also have a metal disk inside the case so I can attach my phone to a magnetic base in my car.  I originally had the metal disk in the middle of the phone but it did interfere with the charging.  I moved the disk to the lower half of the case in the middle and now the charger works great. This method of charging is slower than the quick charger that came with the phone.  During high usage days, I still use my quick charger to get the battery up enough to last me the rest of the day.  I mostly use this wireless charger at night.  I have a different sleep schedule than my wife due to my job so I am often getting in bed in the dark.  Now I just lay my phone on top of this and it begins to charge.  I dont have to use my flashlight feature to see if the micro usb plug is turned right side up to plug it in.  I love it.  The little blue led light on the charger when the phone is on it isnt too bright in a dark room.  I dont even notice it.  Since I am using it while I sleep, I dont really care how long it takes to charge.  I have read other reviews on other products that state once the battery is charged to 100%, the charger quits charging and the phone starts to use the battery.  That is not the case with this Anker charger.  When I wake up, I have a battery at 100% and ready to go. If you are trying to decide between this one and a more expensive one from Samsung, I would definitely recommend this one. It comes with a USB to Micro USB cable but not the wall plug.  That works for me since I have installed several USB charging wall outlets in my house.  Just be aware that you might need to find a spare wall plug to plug the cable into.
What an awesome little product this is. Upon first ordering this I thought it was going to be a massive piece of hardware but it is actually quite small. Charges my phone a little slower than when plugged in but the convince it provides is a whole lot better especially on my nightstand.
Love the price and it works well.  It charges faster than I thought it would....
This is an awesome Wireless charger.  Samsung galaxy 6 with otterbox defender case charges with no issues. Just set it on top and it charges great. Item arrived several days earlier than expected. Great seller.
does exactly what it says itll do, little small for the Nexus phone which makes you second guess if its charging or not (for a whole 5 seconds anyway till the screen lights up and lets you know you its lined up) Additionally, if you happen to have access to a 3D printer or can order this file from someone who does... this lines up almost perfectly and transform this from a great product, to a perfect one http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1133883
I received the product very promptly.  Overall, I have been very happy with theproduct.  It charges just as fast as if I had it plugged in, just without the wear and tear on the plug in port.  This will charge even if you have a protective case on the phone.  I purchased a competitors product and It does not work as well.  This product is solid, all around a well built. I recommend it to anyone looking to buy a wireless charger.
Charger works as expected, but will not charge through my phone case.  I bought 3 chargers.  They look nice and charge fairly quick.
Too small. Hit or miss on wireless receiver alignment. Mine stopped charging after a week or two. Will continue trying different configurations and update my review as needed. UPDATE: Sorry for the delayed update here. I got a bit busy to do some controlled tests. The folks at Anker did respond in writing to my review. They made suggestions that I try a different USB power source. I have tried these and can confirm that the charger does still work. I should also mention that this model may be better suited for small to medium sized phones, mainly due to its smaller physical footprint. Any of the big phones or phablets out there will sometimes tip over or miss-align when placed on the charger. In all fairness my phone (OnePlus 1) is a bit of a power beast and requires more power than most wireless chargers and receivers are rated for. Im sure this is a contributing factor as well as the fact that my phone could have been running some power intensive processes. This may have been the reason why I was experiencing different charging characteristics using the same USB power source. I also received a call from Anker. They wanted to check in and see how things were going. They also informed me that my charger has an 18 month warranty and to send it in if there was any problem. I have never experienced this level of involvement on Amazon. I am impressed. Thank you for taking the time Anker. Ive changed my rating to 5 stars because I really cannot fault the charger for anything other than personal preference. I would buy another Anker charger, but not this one - not because it does not work, but because it does not physically match my larger phone. This issue is not unique to this particular charger. If Anker has a charger with a larger base, I would most definitely try that one. I hope this helps. Thanks again Anker.
Works really well and very affordable compared to some other options.  I dont find that my phone gets warm, and it does stop charging when the phone gets to 100% charged.  It has taken some trial and error to know how to set my Galaxy S6 down in the right place, but that is probably more about me and my phone than it is about the charger.
The Qi wireless charger is exactly what the doctor ordered. Great design and very compact. Plugged it in and placed the Note 5 on top and within a second or two the device was being charged. The device has a slight rise in temperature but not enough to be alarmed. It simply feels warm to the touch which is expected. Since I did not carry out any systematic benchmark tests my observation is anecdotal. The charging speed appears to be similar to that from a direct plug-in to the Samsung Note 5 charger.
This wireless charger works perfectly.  Ive had it for about 5 days, took it out of the packaging, plugged it in, no need for directions, its that simple.  It works perfectly and is a mere fraction of what the cell phone carriers charge for similar products.  A definite buy.  I bought it for my new Note 5 and it charges it super fast.  I probably will buy another for my office since this one is on the nightstand and buying another at this price point wont make me count pennies like I would have had I bought it out of the store.  This one is a winner.
I needed something to charge my Moto 360 at work without bringing my charger back and forth so I bought this. So far its been a little over a week and I absolutely love it. Its really handy and it doesnt take up much room. Im not sure why some people didnt get a USB charger with it because mine came with one. Its a nice length, but I always think wires could be longer. It does a good job and when my watch starts to get hot itll stop charging until my watch cools down which is a nice feature.
Works great! No set up involved. Way cheaper than getting one from your phone carrier!
It works great on my s7. I connected it to my quiet aukey qi enabled fast charge port instead of my computer, and now it charges pretty fast.
Works great with my Samsung S7.  So much better than having to plug my phone in every night.
Works like a champ and charges our S6 quickly and easily. Anker makes some really high quality products that cost FAR less than many other brands, especially the big phone makers. We bought a second one to stick in the kitchen and couldnt be happier with this charger.
Have used this now for over a month without a hitch.  Has worked well with my Galaxy S6 Edge with a Samsung Case protector with no problem getting it to charge.  Has not been touchy in terms of the charging connection.  Like the idea of not using the USB connector all the time so only use that when needed.
I like the product It works with my Otter case on my Galaxy S6 phone
This charger is awesome.  I am constantly picking up and laying down my phone in the office.  So much more convenient then pluggin it in all the time.  I love it.  For the price it is definitely worth it.
I was wrong, it works perfectly well.
It works on my Nexus 5 and 7, but not so hot on the 6.
This is a great little device that works beautifully.
Simply incredible. Cant believe technology - amazing that I can charge my phone from anywhere in my house!
I just got the Samsung Galaxy S6, and I wanted to use its wireless charging capabilities, so I bought this. I keep this on my desk and use it to charge my phone every day, and it works great! Instead of having to plug in the annoying charger into my phone, I can just set down my phone on this, and it will charge with ease. The only thing I dont like about this product is that it doesnt not charge as fast as the charger that the phone came with. If you have a phone with wireless charging capabilites, you should definitely get this!
Charges through  a tucch case no problem . Charges great with a case also.
Amazing!  If you dont have one get it! Im ordering 3 more! How did I love without this?
got a couple of these for work/home use, seems to work well so far. note: you dont get an a/c adapter with this.
Works great with low profile. I actually routed out some of a nightstand and put one of these INTO my nightstand and it is awesome.
So isnt wireless charging the whole reason to own a Galaxy s6 or s7 to begin with? I just placed my phone on the elegant little disc and charged it right up - and its a smart device so wont overcharge. Im already a fan of Anker charging products and have a bunch of super-tough fast charger cords, portable battery pack and charger bases. Wish it was Prime, but pretty fast and efficient shipping. Edited to add: the charging pad also works just fine thru the protective case on my s7.
Charged my Samsung Galaxy without issue.
Everything isfine
After using this unit for several months and trying out units made by other manufacturers, I still love this unit.  Each qi charger has to mate with the coils in your product to start charging.  The unit tells you it has mated by changing the LED from red to blue.  I noticed that the Anker seems to have the widest latitude with positioning.  Less expensive units you have to be right on the spot for them to work.  I even tried units by cell phone manufacturers and they would not even connect if the unit was in its case.  I will be purchasing two more of these, one for the office and one for my travel case. I trust Anker for all of my cell phone accessories and have purchased cables, batteries, and charge hubs from them also. BTW, their customer service rocks.  I had an issue with a cable that was not connecting and they replaced it immediately.  Try that with a no name brand.
UPDATE :  The seller in response to my negative review,  contacted me offering  to help and or replace the charger if necessary.  I have been experiencing much more positive results in the last 10 days.  Therefore Im now giving the charger 4 stars and am recommending it for others to purchase. The low price of the charger together  with the Sellers support  makes this a good buy. The positive  response from the seller goes far with me.
Great Charger, charges my phone through the case even with 1900 mA rate, better then when I plug in the cable, I cant figure it out! I bought 2 of these and built one into a night stand that holds my phone for my night clock. I highly recommend this, you wont ever want to plug in your charger again.
Excelent item. Fast charging. Highly recommended.
Reduces the stress on the USB port by dropping it on the pad next to me while at work and while at home, yes, I got three!
cheap and works very well.  keep this on my desk at work
Charges my phones without any issues.
Didnt think something this small would work.  But does, even with otter case on.
Great product whish there was a fast charging one!!
I love using this product! I actually inquired two of this very same product (one for home and at work). Its easy to use and fairly small to fit almost anywhere on the desk. Ive had this product for quite some time and no problems for me I have seen so far.
It works perfectly with my LG g3 and Nexus 7 tablet
I have purchased 4 of these for my home and I love it! Excellent wireless charger with a sleek design and excellent price.
Great product
Very good quality and fast shipping. I tried several different items from other websites but this one is good so far.
Its a very cool item cause it can charge my phone with a case on and everything. Or though is very small alsó, and you have to put the phone exactly in the center of it and make sure is charging alright. Otherwise works awesome.
Works and all but the similarly priced Yootech(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00SJ0MWCM) works better. This one runs hotter and does not charge as well as the Yootech using the same wall charger/phone/case/cable. Update: 2016-02-01 Anker custoemr support contacted me and after several emails to determine what wall charger was being used and a few other details, they shipped me a new charger at no cost. After using it a for a few days it seems to work better than the original. I am not seeing the slow charger message from my phone and the charger is not getting excessively hot. Adding 1 star
I love this charger when it works but more than half the time I check it in the morning it stopped charging.  When I put my galaxy s6 edge plus on it you can see the charger start. I even check it a few minutes later to make sure it is still working.  But when I wake up the battery is almost dead.  The case Im using is slim clear plastic by spigen. 2/9/16 Update: Found out the cable was bad on the charger and Anker replaced within days. Ever since I switched cables it has performed wonderful. It is so nice not having to plug it in at night. Just drop it on the charger and it charges. And I have been very impressed with Ankers customer service. They have been helpful from the beginning doing everything to fix it. As for their customer service I will choice Anker on my next purchase.
Great item
Works very well and the temperatures are controlled by a sensor so overheating isnt an issue.
It works with the iPad mini Qi case that I got to use with it.
My car has a wireless charger in it, so i decided to buy the receiver to fit my iPhone.  Loved the convience of no cables, so i purchased this Anker charger for in my house.  It works great, so far, and my iphone charges very fast.  I hope it keeps charging at this speed.  It is difficult for me sometimes to fit the lightening cable into the tiny slot, so this is perfect,, just put your phone on the anker disk and it charges. When fully charged the light turns to blue.  I now want to do it for my ipad as well.
The delivery was fast, and the packaging was very professional. The product was very simple to operate. I only wish the power cord was longer. All the products that Ive bought from Anker have been great.
Very convenient.  I worry that it makes the phone hotter than usual.
Works well without the premium price.
It wont keep my coffee warm. I bought it so I could use it as a coaster. It does charge my phone though and Id order another one. Thank you.
Works perfectly with my Galaxy S4 and my wifes Lumia 830. Another excellent value from Anker!
Exactly as described, no issues here.
excellent
This works great!
This product works as advertised. I can wireless charge my phone with no issues. Speed is standard for 2amp wirless charging.
Great for the price but really wish these charged the phone a bit quicker. Wouldnt mind having another around but just be cautious because this will not charge nearly as fast as your wired charger (which is to be expected).
This was cheaper than the Samsungs brand wireless charger. My Samsung S6 has a Spigen slim armor case and charges just fine with it on the phone. You do have to place the phone in the right spot but it is not that difficult to do. 4 stars because it does not charge as fast as Samsungs adaptive fast charging. Did not come with an adapter which is why I bought the 2 pack 10W USB wall charger.
Seems to work well, need to get another for the office since I phone makes you have a case to charge wirelessly
For the price this is great. I have no real issues and will continue buying Anker products.
These are pretty hard to beat for the price.  The only thing that can be a pain is that it seems you have to align the phone just right to get it to start charging.  This likely comes from the fact that these are pretty small in size.  Im using the Galaxy Note 5, and its got to be spot-on.  The good news is, Ive had no issues with the phones case interfering with the charging.  Once its properly aligned, it charges great!
I wanted to love this product and yes it does work but only if you get it spot on your phone. Currently am using the note 5 and there have been numerous nights where i place the phone on the charger and wait to make sure it doesnt bounce. I place my phone in several directions and until i get that perfect sweet spot it will flash or turn the charger on then off and by the morning its dead. major buyers remorse here and maybe i should have gotten the larger version of this one. UPDATE: The product works much better with the anker charger compared to a stock charger.
Perfact add on
Great product. Power plug is a little sensitive at times.
Happy enough with one, I decided to buy a second for my office. Works perfectly with my Galaxy 6 Edge.  But I noticed that its "charge complete" indicator lights do not turn on my Nexus 7 tablet it is 100% charged. But for $13, I wont complain.
Good
Great Qi charging pad.  Not quite as big as my earlier Qi charging pad purchase, but it works just as well. There is a red-power indicator LED that shows when you have power to the charging pad without it actually charging a device.  When a device is placed on the pad properly, a blue LED will be activated and then, if the behavior is similar to my Samsung Galaxy S6-edge, a second or two later the phone will show that it is receiving a charge.  It may be necessary, such as with the S6-edge, to have the "Wireless" activated on the phone before it will actively charge. My only real concerns with this item is that due to the small size of the surface area, it will be harder to properly align the phone to get the charging working.  It is very easy to not have it fully aligned and thus not getting a charge, and you might wake up with a drained phone battery as a result, but plugging in cords offers a similar "slightly off and you get nothing" potential.  Overall, having a wireless charging pad, even a small one such as this is well worth it, especially if you can get it for less than $15, such as when I bought this one.
wireless charging is slow. not any fault of Ankers, however relative to quick charging especially, wireless charging is pretty slow. more of a convenience deal. also it works with otterbox defender case but with the thicker case connectivity can be in and out and it is difficult to find that sweet spot
I have a Samsung S7.  With Wifi and location on it charges about 15% an hour.  Kind of like a 1 amp charger.  I have an otter box case on my phone.  My gripe with the product is positioning the phone.  Sometimes it takes a while to find the sweet spot.  Ive seen other chargers that are a little more accommodating.  This one...not so fast. Edit:  Few weeks after usage.  I tested the charger without my Otter box case.  As soon as I set it down it started charging.  No matter where I placed it.  So the Otter Box is providing some interference and adding the positioning issue.  I have since learned that it is indeed a 5V 1 Amp charger, so my estimate of charging like a 1 amp charger made sense.  When I shut off Wifi and radio I went from 73% charge to 100% in less then an hour. Ive bumped my star review up to 4 from 3.  I will not give a full 5 due to the positioning issue.  I cant take my case off every time I want to use the product.  This works fine for me at work setting on my desk.
Works great!!!
I received this unit as a replacement to a unit I was unhappy about.  Anker found my old review buried months ago and contacted me to offer a replacement. I held off on reviewing for a couple of weeks to put the charger through its paces.  I currently use it with a Samsung Galaxy S6. The device is a bit smaller and thicker than the original.  I was concerned at first, then realized that the smaller size allows for more intuitive placement of your phone.  No more moving the phone around to make sure the coil triggers charging! Also, there is now a rubber grip around the top edge of the charger that holds my phone solidly in place.  A much needed and pleasant upgrade. The charger never overheats or even gets warm to the touch.  It charges the phone, the shuts off as needed.  With all of the updates to this product, I have to say this may be the best wireless charger you can buy for not only the price, but the quality of the build.
Their batteries are top notch and so is this charger.  Works perfectly with my S7 Edge.  One minor qualm is that you have to place the phone exactly in the right place for the charging to start; however, over time, you get the hang of it and it becomes easy to position the phone into the right spot.
Works but not what I was expecting
I love Anker products! Always reliable and priced well.
Great product. Tried several other brands with no luck. Most would charge for a few minutes and disconnect before the battery would charge. The Anker charged with no issues
Slow charge
Will not last more than one year! I bought this item on march 2016 and it has died on me. Will not charge and only blinks and i have even tested my other wireless chargers which work with the phone. Edit: Anker CS got in touch with me and replaced my faulty device for their recent addition (https://www.amazon.com/Anker-PowerPort-Wireless-Charger-iPhone/dp/B0756Z8X82). It is actually better than this version and has become my travel wireless charger. Although I remain cautious with this new charger, it works really well.
Anker wireless charger is very reliable and charges my Lumia 950 quickly
does the job well and cheaper than Samsung.
I bought two of these from Amazon. I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 and my wife has a Samsung Galaxy Note 5. My wife has one wireless charger on her nightstand and i have one on my nightstand. This item works great. This is also wonderful if you have a faulty/loose charging port on your phone or if you want to prevent your phone from developing a faulty or loose charging port. It charges just as fast or faster than a traditional wired charger.
Seems to fine, will not charge a friends phone but she has a thick case my case is thinner, and it charges it fine. You have to be a bit careful how you set the phone on it.
Well these just work great time to order more for such a low price.
Great charger
I love it!
Functions exactly as described. I like the rubber bezel on the top.
Nice
Work well
Works well with my iPhone 6plus with Spigen wireless charging case.
Nice product.
Works as described on my nexus 6
Awesome and fast delivery too
Love this little wireless charger! Works well and rubber prevents phone from sliding around. Light on the front indicates when phone is properly placed to charge. Happy with the quality and price.
good
Works Great! Thank You....
Bought this for my wifes S6. Works great. Its about average for charge time compared to a cable. Love that you dont have to plug it in. Works well even through her case. When it comes to batteries and charging, I choose Anker whenever I can. They are inexpensive but high quality with great customer service. I have been a happy customer for about 3 years. Try them out!
Abit small for my LG V10 and iphone 6s plus. But works everytime. Love it. Abit of over heating after long usage.
bought it months ago, works well to date
Charges my Note 5 perfectly with my Otterbox on. I might even like it more than the official Samsung one, mostly because its flat and made of an entirely slip-free surface.
This charger works great!  Its small and lightweight, which is great for travel, and it works well. The only real issue I have with it is that my phone (Samsung Galaxy S6) has to be in a certain spot for it to work, but I think thats an issue with the phone, not the charger.
Works flawless, using it to charge my Note 5 at work.
This is a solid product that works better than the Samsung branded pad that I have. Very pleased with all aspects of this product.
Works great. I have a galaxy s 3 and had to get the adapter coil, too.  Works great when set up correctly.
Bought as gift. They have no complaints.  Shipping was good.
It works. Takes a precise location to charge though.
You just cant beat this this for the price. It does get a bit warm while charging my Lumia 950 XL. The little puck seems very well built. It would have been nice to see it come with a wall outlet, but at this price I still give it 5 stars for how well its built and how well it works. Just make sure to give it a charger that can supply enough power for it to work properly.
Charging pad is a bit particular on how you place it for it to charge, but thats to be expected since its a single coil charger. The charging speed is pretty good when using it with a 2A charger. Overall, for the price you cant find a better wireless charger.
Very simple setup, works perfectly with the slightly bent form of the Nexus 6.  However, note: dont center a Nexus 6 on it (doesnt charge if its centered exactly) -- put the phone a little North of center on the charger and itll start charging right away.  So, figure out where the charge point is on your phone and then charge away!
Really great little charger!
I find the charging pad isnt as good as the cradle, may return it. After writing this review, I was contacted by this company and they exchanged my charging pad. Their device dept was polite and professional. Things happen in production but people can make the difference and they did
Its perfect when its working unfortunately there are times the charging doesnt happen after placing the phone above it. The red light will just keep on blinking .Btw Iam using a iphone 6s plus with QI adaptor.
I highly recommend this product.  Great price.  Unintrusive design. Charges as expenced.
Anker has emerged as a high quality source of all kinds of mobile gear and computer accessories, with what looks like an emphasis on power-related products. After examining listings for several compact wireless chargers, this Anker model rose to the top. My reasons for selecting it were born out when it arrived a couple of days after ordering. As usual with Anker, it has excellent build quality, and creative but simple and environmentally friendly packaging. I like its small size (one charging coil) because it will be sitting discreetly on my coffee table for a phone thats used heavily as a home theater remote. It has a very effective non-skid bottom pad, and an equally effective non-skid ring around the top (several similar models dont appear to have any non-skid treatment, at least not on top). It works great with my Note4, even with the high-current (fast-charge) USB power unit. My impression is that it charges the phone faster than a standard plug-in charger when used with the fast-charger, but I havent tested this carefully. As expected, a wireless charger doesnt achieve the highest speed of a plug-in fast-charger, but Im using it for topping-up while the phone is serving as a multi-purpose remote control, so speed is only a plus and max speed isnt needed. FWIW, my Note4 has the Samsung wireless back, not one of the low-cost "stick on" wireless adapters that are taped onto the contacts inside the phone. The Samsung back might be more efficient, or more receptive to the high-power charger feeding the Anker device, but I havent run any comparison tests. In any case, this excellent little device is reasonably priced and easily rates the full five stars.
amazing product premium! feels great to hold and is very easy and portable. works great with speigen wireless charging case for iphone incase you need it for your iphone! great product
Anker is a quality brand to me, and once again successful.
Kinda small, but the phone doesnt get as hot as the Yootech charging pad.  In fact, I experimented with two Samsung S6 edge phones (and the original Samsung wall adapters), and the phones charging on the Yootech was consistently hotter.  The only issues I have with this charger is that it takes forever with the free shipping (over one week), the pad is much smaller than the Yootech, and the charging light is hard to see because the phones will cover it.
Arrived DOA. Needs better quality control. Also does not come with charging block, although they do tell you which of theirs you can order in case you do not have a 2 amp fast charging block. UPDATE: Anker did replace the unit, and all appears to be working as expected. Charges reasonably quickly (Samsung Note 5 in about 2 hours), It appears to continue charging until I remove the device from the pad, so it is fully charged in the morning, unlike some other reviewers experience.
good
The products was excellent and customer service was great!!
Great.  Works just like it said it would.  My Nexus 7 stopped charging with the wire in the end of it.  My son-in-law gave me one of his to see if it would work (charge) and it worked just great.  I was without my nexus for about a week and was even thinking about ordering a new one until I tired this and saved me some money. Thanks again
These work great! Even through my case!
This is the  second time I use  the anker products and it great and same  as seller mentioned.  If  you are looking to the good product anker is it.
Excellent product, especially for the price. Arrived 3 days earlier than expected, too. Even received a follow up email from Anker to ensure product satisfaction. Awesome experience all around.
Works as it should, and the rubber ring makes it easy to get your device landed on it properly.
Perfect thank you
Comes in great packaging. Works well with a Qi receiver. Only thing preventing it from being 5 stars is that the base itself is small, and with the location of the S5 battery/receiver, it can feel a bit unbalanced.
Great product that worked exactly as expected. The only thing more I could have asked for is a power plug that had the specs needed for the charger, as I had to try 3 before I found one with a high enough output to work with the charger. Great product overall though.
I havent had the issue of constantly moving my Galaxy 6 Edge around to find the "sweet spot" for it to charge as with other wireless chargers. 12/27/2015 update:  I was so happy with the port I bought a second for my office.
This is my first wireless Qi charger, and so far I am very pleased with it.  Also the price on Amazon is so low I see no reason to go with any other brand. It works exactly as expected, and has 2 small LEDs to indicate at a glance when the device is ready to charge a phone and when it is actively charging a phone.  I plan to order another one to keep at work.
Anker is the best. Never been dissatisfied with a product, and this is no exception. Charges my S6 wirelessly even through otterbox.
Customer service very helpful. (Just add a better description in future...of phones it will and will not work with ex. Will work with Samsung galaxy note 5 and higher so clear its not for galaxy note 4.....)
As I recently purchased a Galaxy S7 Ive found that wireless charging is more worthwhile feature than I had initially expected. Its not as fast a regular 2 AMP charger but for long periods where Im stationary (either overnight on my night stand or at my desk at work) I can place my phone on the puck and keep my battery topped off.
This charger works better than the factory unit. I stopped using the original due to the phone getting very warm during charging. The Anker unit has a temperature sensor that keeps the phone and charger cool. Sleek design, just lay the phone on top of the unit and it is being charged. Grat product at a great prrce (much less than the factory unit).
This thing works really well with my Samsung Galaxy s6 edge.  I do have to take my case off, which lowers the ranking by 1 star, but Anker has always made me happy and makes great products. Its a little small, but I dont actually feel like thats bad thing. Great price on an entry level wireless charger.
Love this! So simple to charge my Nexus!
Very good, works like a charm except for that it is a little picky about how the phone is placed on it. It seems like it has the fairly close to on center in order to charge well. And though I cant be positive, even when it does charge it seems to do better when its more center. This part makes sense however because of the inductive technique of wireless charging itself. In a nutshell, if you dont mind taking an extra half a second to make sure the phone centered and charging (indicated by a blue light on the charger) then this is a great buy. Ive been using it for months with zero issues.
Great product. Works as expected.  Only drawback, you really have to find the sweet spot to start charging.  This is my first device of this kind, so I expect that is the case with all chargers of this type.  The only issue I have is that the unit is a bit smaller than I expected.  Husband and I share this charger, we may purchase another one. Also, works best with at least a 2 amp input to the device ( does not come with a cord youll need to supply one yourself ).
This Charger Is Cool, I Like The Fact Its So Small But Powerful. I Have The Galaxy s6, My Phone Charges Better When i Shut It Off & Let It Charge Then Havin It On. It Takes About 30 to 40 Mins To Get It Fully Charged. However i Hate That i Have To Take My Case Off To Charge It. Overall i Like It Because Its Different & Gets The Job Done.
I use it to change my Nexus 6.  Once you learn how to position the phone on the changer, it charges the phone OK.
Small lightweight and easy to use. This charging pad allows me to charge my phone without hooking up any wires. My phone charges just as fast as if it is plugged in. The pad itself is fairly small and when the phone is sitting on it, you cant see the pad. I have a Galaxy S7 edge and have purchased two of these pads. One for the office and the other for home use. Highly recommend.
Perfect size.  Great low-profile light to indicate charging is taking place.  I have on my night stand next to where I sleep and I wanted something low profile in size and look.  The light is noticeable when you want to see it however it is not going to flash in your face as you are trying to sleep.  Completely silent, My friend with a wireless charger has one that beeps when connected...  no thanks.
fast charging, no hassle to pair to phone.
Works perfectly.
Works fine, no issues, and fairly inexpensive.
Good product, however a bit tricky when it comes to finding the sweet spot for your phone. I use two charging pads to charge my two phones, one for Note 4 and the other for my wifes S6. The S6 battery is able to take about 1000mA charging current from this device and my Note with 3rd party wireless receiver takes about 560-590mA charging current. The pad is well made with plenty of rubber so your phone will not fly off of it and the pad sits securely on the surface. Pad does not get hot while charging and it behaves just like if the phone was charging via cable on the S6, but slightly different on my Note 4 since it interfaces with the battery via 3rd party wireless charging receiver. One major pain on the rear is that you have to find the sweet spot where it will transfer maximum current to your phone and without the help from app called Ampere it would be hard to do so. Also the micro USB charging port is moving a bit one one of the disks, but it is still connecting and charging my phones. Anker have you guys thought about making a three coil design for charging pad / phone stand???
It works great
great product and great company to deal with
Works well with my Nexus 6, and is solidly constructed.  I dont feel the LEDs are very useful though with a phone of this size because if its on the charger, it overlaps the entire thing on all sides, so youd pretty much have to put your head level with the surface to look under the phone to ever see them.  Completely happy with its function otherwise, and happy to finally be using wireless charging.  Though lack of Prime shipping even though Fulfilled by Amazon is annoying.
I have a nexus 6 and these work great, my only complaint is that they could be a little bigger to allow the phone to sit better
Great product.  Works just like it is supposed to.
Originally gave one star as it didnt work with my s6 edge.  Anker contacted me, sent a new device...Works like a champ
Bought it for my Fossil Q smartwatch, works great. Not sure if this was intended for use with wearables, but it hasnt had any problems. Other Qi chargers had reviews that said they didnt work with certain devices (wearables being specifically called out) but this one seems to adhere to the universality of the standard.
Love this charger! Highly recommended. Charges through my case so i dont have to remove it.
Works fine.
I am giving 5 stars for Anker support on this.Cause it didnt work .So they sent me another and same problem.Now they are sending me a 5 amp plug and hopefully it will work.It is a good product overall.Anker worked hard to make me happy.I hope know one else problems with this .
Very happy with product.
great device.  saved me from having to get the charging port on my nexus7 (2013 Great device.  Saved me from having to have the power port on my Nexus7 (2013) repaired. 0
Good stuff.. now i can charge my iphone 6s wireless. Happy with my purchase.
I quiet and lot iPhone hypes with this. #BOWTIENATIONuhurdm.S 6 edge.
Great product for the price and it saved me from buying another tablet anytime soon after the charging port for my tablet stopped working.
I love the size compared to the Samsung Qi Charger I have at home, and I love the quick charges without having to open the dust/water cover for my Galaxy S5. Works great and LED light works like a charm to let me know if my phone is charging.
Works great for my Note5.  Finding the sweet spot is easy.
Goes get hotter than my Samsung one. And doesnt like to stay connected. But still better that the 60 bucks I spent on the Samsung one.
Great charger. What a time to be living in that we can set our phones on a puck and have it charge. I use an iPhone charging block.
This wireless charger works great with my Samung Galaxy S6 Edge. I like the blue light that lets you know its charging properly. Takes up very little space on the nightstand and has a slightly grippy bottom to keep it from sliding around. Great value for the money.
Great charger. Works better than the Samsung that came with my phone, for 1/3 of the price. .
I received my Anker wireless charger last week. It is charging my iPhone 6 100% every time it needs it. Great product.
This is a nice wireless charging pad. Measures about 2.6 inches in diameter and looks great. Charging time is similar to my OEM Samsung pad. The rubber ring on top, inside the silver ring, keeps the phone from sliding and the rubber pad on the bottom keeps the entire charging pad stationary. It works as it should.
Just received this item yesterday I now understand why so many people love wireless charging. Set up was a breeze and it works great with my Nexus 6. I was a bit worried that it wouldnt work with my case, , but it works flawlessly. Ive bought a few different Anker products in the past and none of them have disappointed.
Very good
This worked well with my old Nexus 5. I just got the new Nexus 5x and it does not work even when I remove the case. Update: The Nexus 5X does not support wireless charging.
bought this for travel to charge my nexus 5 and my moto 360.  Great build quality, good weight to it.  It works great, wouldnt expect anything else from Anker.
Love it. Works great with my Note 5... in the house or car. Even with a hybrid case on the phone. Just bought my second one.
its ok .. thanks
Great little charger and a really good price!
I have used it for a couple of weeks and it appears to work well. Update, The service is excellent,  I had to return my first device and it was replace immediately.  I am happy.
Update to my last review When I first received this charger I couldnt get it to work no matter what I tried, since then have received a replacement which has been working much better. Its still a little fidgety, but if I put my phone in a certain spot it connects as designed. Some thicker phone cases will not allow a connection at all. **Now about the customer service; your team did a great job. I originally was frustrated with the product not connecting with my phone and my inability to return it. Your team, assuming I had received a defective product, immediately sent a replacement which worked much better. Thank you!
This is a solid well built idem and it works perfectly for me every time. Phone never gets hot and my s6 edge + charges very fast and I recommend this to whoever wants to purchase a great price for a great idem
This actually charges my Galaxy S5 through its wallet case, and charges at a decent speed. It does tend to get the phone a LITTLE too warm for comfort.
Product charges as advertised. It does only charge at 1 amp, but its great for a night stand charger where speed is not as important as convenience.  It also will continue to maintain phone at 100% charge overnight until you remove the phone and begin the day.
Product itself is great, works and recognized devices quickly.  As in previous posts, I do wish it came with a wall plug and not just the usb cable.  That being said however, the device is great for the price.
So convenient! And my phone is the only one that works with this, so I dont need to worry about it disappearing like I do the other charging cords when our kids come over !
works perfect on my nexus 7 - 2013 model!
Loving wireless charging on my Nexus 6. I have two of these, and will be ordering a couple more.  Charge time is quick, and charging stops once complete.  As a result, my phone is usually only at 98% in the morning, but I can live with that.  Only other nitpick is that I have to land my phone on the pad in a pretty specific area, which I have gotten good at.
Works great.  Slow charging, but convenient and cheap.
Good Product! - works well 9 out of 10 times. Need to rejig placement of phone once in a while - but over all good product, and price was very right!
I bought 2 of these since the price was $11.99 - One for home and the other for the office. Item works great. I have an OtterBox case on my Samsung S6 and it has no problems charging. Charge times are pretty good. Just have to make sure you position the phone (battery) over the center design. Other than that Im a happy customer.
easy to use
Works great!!  Charging a bit slower than plugging in directly, but much more convenient and avoids wear on phone port.
Works exactly as expected!
Works fine, but runs a little warm while charging.
This works great with my Droid Turbo even with the Turbo in the leather case, I love this unit.
I would have given it 5, except for the issue that isnt really an "issue" but a "feature". It shutting off when the phone reaches 100%. After that point the phone starts to drain. I think they should have it check to see every 30 min or so to see if the battery has dropped at all. I like having 100% battery for the day, not 98, 88, ect.)
Works great with my Galaxy S6 in a thin plastic case.
It didnt work when I got it and I figured it out to be the power cord. I emailed amazon and they shipped me a new unit. The unit works fine. The only thing is I find that if not positioned correctly it will stop charging without warning. Inwoke up to an uncharged battery a few times. When you put it on the charger, just check it again a few minutes later to make sure...
Works as expected. Charges an N5 quite rapidly when using the stock LG 1A charger.
Works like a charm, and it is much more convenient than using Micro USB charger.
Worked fine on my other phone; however, when I place the Edge plus on it, itll charge for a few seconds before the light starts flashing red. On Ankers website this is  reportedly a sign for the device being incompatible... Received a phone call from Anker and they volunteered to replace or compensate my original purchase. I chose the former and am thus far pleased with the result as this charger works! What more can I ask
Great product
Works awesome, great quality. feels well made.
Love this nifty little item small and compact works great simply place phone on and it starts charging best deal around  take up Hardly any room perfect size a must have accessory
Shipped quickly.  Works great with my new Samsung S6... very convenient and easy to use.  Will never go back to plugging my phone in to charge.
Works as described. Charges my Samsung Note 5 like it was connected to a charger (but not a fast charger). While it is not part of Amazons Prime, it was delivered before scheduled date.
Got here quick and works great
I take it every where in my bug out bag
Awesome product for a great price. Works as expected. I have seem some complaints that it doesnt hold the phone at 100% after charging, but it does hold my S6 Edge at 100% after. I use it by my bedside and I wake up to 100% everyday. I do have a Samsung wireless charger also, but I that one doesnt stay at 100% on my Note 5. I am very happy with this charger, and love the small lights so that it doesnt illuminate my bedroom.
shipping was not prime but the price is great. product works great.
I have purchased many anker products & have never been disappointed by performance. This charger is a handy little thing you just lay your phone on. This is my first purchase of a wireless charger & I ASSUMED that it would be something you charged up & could use anywhere. That would be super handy but you have to plug this in the wall just like any other charger.
Working great Using with a Samsung S5
Works as advertised
This charger works great on my Note 4.  I purchased the unit last week for when I am at work to keep the phone charged up.  When I am at home and before going to sleep I have another type of wireless charger that I use.  Easy to use and without the need of having to wear out your USB connection, the phone just sits on my desk on top of the unit and charges up. Note that it is not the fastest charger though I think all Qi chargers arent by default compared to a direct USB connection.  Not an issue for me cause I am at work.  When I need the phone to charge fast I plug in the Samsung charger now that the Note 4 has quick charging. I love this thing, makes charging the phone easy.
Arrived reasonablyquick.plug and play with the only item required was the 2 amp wall plug to get it going. Does take about twice the time to complete charge so its great when Im working in the office or let it charge on my bed stand overnight.
have several qi chargers. This is the most versatile and consistant. No issues to note.  Very pleased.
Inexpensive and works great.
Arrived sooner than promised (a whole week before the expected delivery date). Initially I was kind of let down, I received two of the units and one appeared not to work.  I found that it was because of the Samsung USB block that came with my S6 Edge Plus, it didnt work with the Anker.  Once I switched the power source to my Belkin 6 outlet USB charger the Anker worked just fine. As the heading states this charger works with the Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Case for my S6 Edge Plus, though the operation is not as smooth as it is with the Spigen thin fit case.  Sometimes it takes a few seconds to recognize the phone, sometimes I have to pick it up and put it back down, but every time it accepts and charges the phone. I havent spent any time measuring how fast it charges but Ive noticed its about as fast as a regular wall charger.  My phone charged from around 20% to around 50% while I was watching an episode of The Simpsons on TV, though I didnt pay attention to the exact numbers (ie 29%-51%?).
Easiest wireless charger thats this size and not a stand to find its "sweet spot" imo. Better than most.
Fast shipping. everything OK. The charger works as described. However,it is not a fast charge.
Works perfectly. I bought this one for my Note 5 and BestBuy was giving away the Samsung charger so I have both. This one is smaller so you need to find the perfect spot. BUT that being said... this one works better. The Samsung one, if I get a text it stops charging and I need to pick phone up then restart it. This Anker model keeps charging even after getting a text. I have used Anker for 3 or 4 different products so far and have loved them all. Anker is officially my battery headquarters.
Awesome shipping and Exactly what was described
I love everything this company does. Service and shipping is the best and the products are always well built and affordable
great price for a wireless charger.  Works well w my Droid Maxx.
My couple years old nokia wireless charging pad was not powerful enough to charge my new phone with thick leather case on it, so I decided to give more modern charging pad a try to see if it will work better, to my surprise it is even weaker. Even thinnest of cases prevented a phone from being charged at all. So I will keep it for my home office, for the days when Im going caseless, but probably will wait another couple years before buying new charging pad.
It is a great charger, the rubber coil does not let it slip. For the note 4 with a wireless slim pack, the phone needs to be placed in the center of the charger for charging. More than anything, ANKER has excellent customer service. I had actually ordered the slim larger QI charger which caused my phone to slip and they contacted me immediately and sent this instead. Kudos to ANKER for a great customer satisfaction.
Works perfect
***updated review*** seller sent a new replacement product.  Seems to work so far with no problems.  However, I do wish it was a full sized pad so that i could type on the keypad without lifting it off the charging station. No worries though works well for me. Now -- Charging pad switches constantly every 1-2 Seconds from charging to charging paused when galaxy s6 is placed on it dead center. I have a RAVPower Wireless Charging Pad that works FAR SUPERIOR to this piece of junk. Will update product review based on what happens next, or if they resolve the case.
A little sensitive with the placement on the Nexus 7 otherwise works fine with my Nexus 5 and 4. takes about 60% more time to charge but usually that is a factor i.e. charging at night or in the kitchen while otherwise occupied..
Perfect works like a charm
This charger is an excellent deal. It works every time with my Note 5 which has a tech21 case and my wifes S6 which has an Otterbox Commuter case. Its actually better than the Samsung wireless charger I own which almost never charges correctly and costs much more.
Works great!
Surprisingly easy to use for the S6 tried it out of curiosity, now love the convenience.
Love the wireless charging and it works with my case on.
great item, just set phone on it and it charges. Fast too, I have bought batteries from this company and everything they sell seems to be high quality.
works well
Works great! I love not having to plug my phone in , I can just set my phone down on this and its fully charged in about an hour! The only thing I dont like about it is that you have to plug it into your phone charger so cant charge your phone in more than one place.
First off I like the price, I like the convenience of not having to plug-in the charger. After about two weeks however it started to run hot and stop charging. Im assuming its the temperature protective device so that works, but now the only way I can get it to work consistently is to unplug it, wait til it cools down then replug it and itll work for a few hours. Unfortunately this kills the convenience factor so I am better off plugging in the device direct. UPDATE: I was contacted by Anderson and they sent me another unit. This one works fine. I appreciate that they stand behind their product.
I have one at work and one at home. It is so nice to just set my phone down and not have to hassle with connecting a charging cable anymore.
It works great.  I have it sitting on my desk at work and it is so easy to give my phone an extra boost when the battery gets low.
Great product
I got this for the convenience of just placing the phone down to charge it, vs. having to hook it up to the micro USB.  I use this with a USB adapter capable of supplying 2.1A and it charges my Motorola Droid Turbo fine.  Im not sure its as fast as connecting via USB, but that was expected.  Normally my battery runs down to ~60% by the time I go to bed and this topped it up to 100% by morning with no problem.  I may get a second one for the office. I have a relatively thin case on my phone and that doesnt seem to affect charging.  The Turbo doesnt seem all that picky about placement on the puck, and theres a screen display that pops up to show correct placement and to verify that its charging.
Compact clean look. This product works great.  It had broken and Anker saw my review and sent a new one.  What great service!
Good device, small and easy to use, but it doesnt bring the wall adapter
Works great! charges my phone quite quickly, and through a case (Verus High Pro Shield). Solid make as well, which is a nice touch.
Love it, works with case on phone.
i like it a lot and my wife and I use everyday.  and it works great ..not happy with recharging speed though but that was what i expected from wireless charger
The charger works as described. However,it is not a fast charge . I had drained the battery on my note 3 down to 70% when I got this charger to provide a good test base It toon upwards of 6 hours to  charge the 30% That was with little or no interruptions with charging The battery charge indicator ays 10 minutes till ful charge Regardless of charge level Not terribly impressed Will probably return Might be worth the 12 dollars I payed but certainly not worth the full $60 retail originally asked Though I had problems with it the company has been very helpful with costumer service They have sent me a total of 3 new units in attempt to fix the issue with was slow charging It was fixed and Im pleased with their costumer service and response time
The Anker Wireless charger is awesome. Its small so its very portable, it has a light that indicates that the charger is on, and another light that means your device is fully charged. No problem placing phone so that it receives the charge. Best wireless charger hands down will recommend to a friend.
This Qi charger works great at a fraction of the cost of the OEM brand.  Ive yet to be disappointed by Anker.
Great charging base. Works well and is easy to sit phone on and charge. Some other bases are much more finicky about getting the phone in the exact position before they start charging. This one is easy.
Works very well and is very stylish. You have to center the phone exactly on it though and confirm that the light changes from red to blue.
After receiving a replacement for a defective part,  it works perfect! Great quality and fantastic customer attentiveness.
Does what it says it will.
Received very quickly, love suppliers who can deliver!  Does what it says, but knocked down a bit because of the disappointment finding out the phone needs to be placed on it pretty precisely in order for it to start charging (using Nexus 6).  Thought it would be a lot more convenient to simply place the phone right on top of it and that would be it but seems like there is a fair amount of slightly moving the phone around each time to find the "sweet spot" in order for it to start charging.  Tried without cases on, with, didnt matter.  -Edit to note that after using for a little while muscle memory begins to kick in and seems a lot easier now to place the phone on there lined up correctly so a bit of a learning curve in the beginning is all.  Charges fairly fast but compared to the Quick Charge cord provided by Motorola with the Nexus 6 it cant compare but not a huge deal for me, just an FYI for others.
Works great, arrived quick.
So far so good.  Charges my new Galaxy s6 with a Spigen Slim Armor case just fine.  Great price.  Only downside is that it doesnt seem to work when I put a magnetic card between the phone and the case (used to magnetically attach the phone in the car to another magnet stand to be able to see the screen/GPS while driving).  Maybe knocking a point off for that is harsh, but something I wish worked.  Otherwise words as advertised at a lot less than Samsung or Verizon models.  Only test no is longevity which only time will tell.
Excellent
Great product! Very good quality.
Works well with our Motorola Droid Turbo phones. Would recommend.
Works great with my Edge!
Charges my Nexus 5.  Its a little slower than my regular plug-in.  It also is a little small.  But it does do the job and is very convenient for everyday charging when Im not in a hurry.  Seems well made.
Works great with my Blackberry Z-30.  Love it.
As I would expect from Anker it works great. Only slightly warm after full charge. Super handy to have on my desk during the day. No charging issues with my S6.
AWESOME and FAST
very good item
I use this on my nightstand to charge my Nexus 5 while sleeping and it works great.  Love this item!
This is a fantastic charger, comes with a 3 foot u.s.b 2.0 charge cable for "quick charge". If youre looking for a wireless charger, look no further. I have the bad habit of talking asleep with my phone right next to me in bed, not anymore! Now its placed on the charger in the nightstand, no more nightly distractions.
Love it. Works great!
works great
Works great!
So handy and works great.  It takes a little trial and error to know that "sweet spot" for optimal charging, but once you get it, youre good!
these things rock
Came very fast..great product. .does as described..very fast charging..recommended
Arrived super fast and works as advertised.  Quick and easy process.  Im a happy customer.
Recently picked up a Note 5 and wanted a second Qi charger for home.  I used the other Anker Qi charger, but the this one was cheaper, had rubberized inserts and a more detailed LED readout.  Overall, no problems charging my phone and none of the centering issues.  Not sure what else to say besides it does the job perfectly without issue.  I know that Samsung is releasing a quick charging version, but for 7x the price, not sure its worth it.
I cannot believe that this Qi charger works through my leather/plastic case on my Nexus 6. I cannot wait to try it out with my Nexus 7 tablet. My only concern is theres a bit of heat being generated on the back of the phone where it makes contact with the puck. Overall, I could not be happier with this $12 purchase!
Got this for my Galaxy S6 and it works great. The phone needs to be centered on the pad for this phone. I havent had any problems lining it up properly and it seems to charge fairly quickly. It is nice not having to worry about the phone falling off the table and yanking the usb cord/port. Bottom is non-slip and its a nice compact size.
works great with my lumia 920!
Yes this works well. Most of the time. Sometimes if the phone is not lined up properly with the charger it wont charge. Overall, it works pretty well.
Works Great, The phone does however have to be centered on the pad for it to charge.
Bought one for my daughter who broke her USB connector on her Galaxy S3. There was no way to charge her phone anymore, unless I swapped her battery with another battery freshly recharged. Which means opening the phone every time the battery needed to be replaced. So I ordered this wireless charger. It works great as long you have the "charging receiver" (pad) placed inside your phone. I used it as well (Galaxy S4) and fell in love with its practicality. Just place your phone on it, pick it back up, put it back on the charger, without the hassle of plugging it in the USB every time. So I ordered the same Anker for me, and was happy to see they dropped the price from $24.99 to $12.99.
Works great so far on Samsung s6.
In my house I have a Galaxy S6, a Nexus 7 and a Nexus 5, all with wireless charging capabilities. I have the Samsung wireless charger, the PowerBot PB1020, and this Anker one. Heres what I want to be able to do. Place my device on the charger as close to center as I can without trying too hard, and have it start charging. Out of those three, the Anker one performs that task with the least misses. Pound for pound, I like the Anker the most.
Great customer support (was asking if a 5V 2.1AMP adopter would work with it), and it does what it should. Looks great on the desk too!
Awesome works great . thanks for making such wonderful products to make our lifes easier and wireless.
Works great!!
Works as advertised. The micro USB cable included is a little on the short side, but we just used the currently used charger, so this was basically plug and play. Its super nice to be able to simply set your phone down on the nightstand when going to bed, rather than needing to find the charger cord in the dark, and the little red LED on this helps with that. Its used to charge a Nexus 5, and havent had any problems with is connecting/charging when the phone is set on the unit, especially understanding every phone has the Qi in a specific location, in which its up to the user to properly set their phone on a charger shaped like this. I like this charger (especially for the price) enough that Ill probably buy another one when I can find a Qi for my LG G3 that gets good enough reviews.
Works great out of the box and had good adhesion to the device which prevents accidental slip due to its compact nature.
This charging dock works well, as with all wireless charging pads, it doesnt charge as fast as it would when connected via usb, but great for charging overnight. You do have to be a bit careful with placing your phone on the smaller dock. Great price for this product though.
Charges my droid turbo through the case without problems.
The first unit I ordered was defective, but Ankers customer service department worked very hard getting me a new one, which works just fine. They were very attentive and professional and I admire their service. Highly recommend doing business with them.
Charger is much smaller than I thought it would be.  My only complaint is that it doesnt come with the wall plug.  You need a plug capable of at least 5v, 2a.  Anything less may not work.
awesome product works extremely well with SGS6 even with a case covering the back of the phone. Seller reached out to me making sure I was happy after a few day of receiving the product, which is always a good sign. If i did have to find a complain, its a little bit on the smaller side a half inch in diameter might make it better, but then if using a bumper style case phone may not connect properly. 5/5
The Anker PowerPort Qi wireless charger has a durable and compact build. It works great for charging the Nexus 6, even though it sometimes takes me a few tries to find the charging coil on the phone.
Well made unit. Unfortunately the charging coil in my Nexus 4 is off center and you have to line it up with the charger juuuuuuuuust right. If you dont, youll get the blue charging light and charging will stop a short time later. After much practice, I think Ive found the sweet spot of where the phone must rest on the charger. The biggest problem though is that the charger appears to turn off after the phone charges to 100%. So the phone burns the battery down from the moment it hits 100% which typically leaves the phone at 80% charge by the morning. Ive had this thing for over 2 weeks and have yet to pick the phone up off the charger with 100% charge after charging all night.
I bought this wireless charger from Anker for my Galaxy S6 not only because of the convenience, but the price. I definitely recommend picking up one of these! Pros: -No more needing to buy micro USB cables when the ends wear out. -No more untangling cords. -Full charge in about the same time as wired charging. -Set your device down and forget about it. -Rubber surface stops device from sliding off charger. Cons: -Thick plastic cases interfere with charging connectivity. -Doesnt come with a 2 liter of Mountain Dew.
Smaller than it looks in the picture.  Charged my Note 5 from 17% to full in about 2.5 hours, which works great on my nightstand. Does not come with the plug only the base and a cord, so you do need to have a plug as well. At the price it cant be beat, I am probably going to order another one for my desk at work.
It does work with my Droid Mini, however it does not get above 89% charged.  After working with the customer service department, who were great, I am now fully charging and all is good.
Easy to use.  Charges slower than plugging into a USB ,but that was expected at the time of purchase.  It works just as advertised with my Galaxy S6 Active.  Great price compared to other brands.  I need to purchase an additional one for at work.
I didnt realize it would take so long to charge my device. Other than that it works perfectly and the price was great. Love the wireless charging because my phone gets knocked over when charging all the time. Not anymore.
Seems to work great with my Samsung S6 unless the battery is extremely low (maybe it needs some power for the wireless charging to work?). It is very handy to just put the phone down on the charger on my desk. Also, about 25% of the price of the Samsung charger.
This charger works great, it charges my Nexus 7 (2013) almost as fast as a wired connection. The only downside is sometimes it gets very warm during charge. Also it doesnt come with wall plug for the USB cable because it says you can use  your own, but the plus has to output 2 amps and all of my plugs only output 1 amp.
Works great as long as you do not have a case with extra hard shell and kick stand. I believe this is a challenge for all cases. For me it all worked out as I really do not need the hard case, and the rubber composite protects the phone. If I travel, I plan to attach the hard plastic and then would have a travel charger anyway.
This is the most useful piece of technology I have purchased all year.  If you have a Samsung phone, you NEED this.
Works Great. Couldnt be happier!
Fast and compact wireless charging.
So far, so good. Very nice and good price.
Works great
Works great with the Google nexus 5
These are well worth the price if not more. I have seen OEM wireless charging docks for $50+ and these work just as well. I have a Note 5 and it works perfectly with them. If your worried due to the price, dont. These are great
Best thing ever for charging your phones.
Better than I expected
Works well. Its small, so on large phones you have to be sure you place them properly for the coils to line up. However, the led changes color when charging so I know when its placed right, so I dont have to fiddle with it and wait for my phone to indicate charging (which takes a few seconds, the led on the charger is instant). Thats about the extent of the bells and whistles on this simple product, but at the price, its a solid buy. I also like that the power cord is separate and connects with a standard micro USB, so its no problem if you need a longer cord and if the cord is damaged, you dont need to replace the whole thing. The quality is pretty good. The rubberized back and ring around the front work very well for grip, and dont feel like theyll peel off after a while like Ive experienced before on other products with the same material. If youre looking for a low-cost wireless charger, theres no reason youll regret this one.
works great
Why spend more when you dont have to.  The wireless charger pad is 2.7 inches (68 mm) in circumference, 0.8 inches (21.5 mm) tall and weighs 2 oz (58 g).  The outer ring is made of non-slip rubber and the bottom of the pad is made of the same material.  It comes with a USB cord, however, it does not come with a wall plug.  It can be connected to a USB port on your computer, in your car or a USB wall plug.  I ordered the Anker 2 pack 10W USB Wall Charger with PowerIQ Technology to used with the wireless charging pad.  It has Qi charging technology, however it will not support quick/fast charge (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0) so dont bother buying a quick/fast charger wall plug for this charging pad.  The specs on the pad are input 5.0V-2A and output 5.0V-1A.  Anker provides an 18 month warranty which is just a plus on their products.
This is a wonderful product. Works as advertised.
Wish I would have purchased more...one for every room!
Fantastic
Fantastic product, especially for the price. Doesnt include a power adapter, but who doesnt have at least half a dozen USB power adapters laying around at this point?
Excellent
I was kindly sent this item for testing and review. Being an Anker product, I had no concerns about this product working or not. For one, Anker products very rarely fail or indeed fail to impress. And for two, Ankers guarantee and Customer Service are truly second to none. Seriously, this is how EVERY company should operate. This is a plug-in Wireless charging plate. Nothing special about it except that it is cleverly slightly larger than most wireless charging plates, and slightly thicker too if Im not mistaken. This makes it much easier to get your device charging effectively. Previous models I have tried with my Nexus 7 were very small, and you had to position the tablet just so, otherwise nothing. But this Anker model makes it very easy indeed. On the side you have the micro-usb input for the power supply, and the other end of the usb cable can be plugged into a computer, power bank, plug, anything really. There is also a light that shines red when powered up and blue when a device is charging. Thats it - simple, elegant, and functional - Anker to a T. Thanks for listening.
Am going to use this as a work charger for an S6 Edge because its small and unobstrusive.  It charges faster than I expected using a USB-only cable.  My one concern is that it gets much, much warmer than the TechMatte rectangular that I use now--it gets barely warm when phone is on overnight.  Makes me a little nervous about leaving the phone on the Anker  for an extended period.  I guess at work it spend limited time charging the phone.  Just got it so will add on if something significant comes up.
Works thru my otter box case!!
Works with my nexus 5 without issue
Works as advertised with my S6 edge. No problems so far. If I could change anything I would make it a little bit larger so I dont have to balance my phone on it.  Otherwise it is worth the money.
I paired the Anker PowerPortQi Wireless Charger with the 2-amp wall-wart that came with my Nexus 7 (2013). Charges my wifes Nexus 5, my Nexus 6, and my kids Nexus 4s & 7s (2013) with aplomb! The temperature control feature will come in handy during those times when the phone gets too hot while charging as Ive noticed on my old Nexus 4 Qi charger.
This is a very nice wireless charger! I love it!! It works great so far (only have a few days) and it doing its job for the money! I highly recommend it!
Excellent wireless charger.  No frills, no fuss. Does what is expected pretty well.
Works perfectly for my Samsung S 6 edge. Well made, quick shipping. Easy to understand
Quality product works like a champ with S6 edge. No need to reposition. Even worked with my prior cell adapter 5V 1A output. Nice to have easy open packaging, recyclable and instructions were in a font large enough to see and written in clear English for the English portion. One for home and one for office. Might get a second for another spot in the house.
I have used other Qi charges in the past, but this one has the strongest magnet and very frictiony rubber feet to keep it solidly on a table.  Works great to charge our Nexus 7!  There is even a charge status light on the front and it uses microUSB to power itself.
There are LED lights that indicates whether your device is charging or not. The product included the wireless charger and a micro USB charger. Wireless charging is generally slower than direct cable charging, but having this makes things more convenient. I do not have to reach onto the floor to grab my USB charger to plug in my phone. I can just place my phone on top of the charger. The phone does get slightly warm when charging. The charger automatically stop charging your device when it is full. The charger is pretty small and portable size.
I have two wireless chargers. This one is much better than the other one in terms of charging speed. I use this one with the Anker 25W 5-Port Desktop USB Charger.
Works well with my Nexus 7. Was about ready to give up on it. Charging port on these things are a problem
Device works well and of course is easy to use. I now have two, one at work and home.
Awesome! Works with my Samsung 6 Plus Edge.  Brilliant!
Works as advertised with Nexus 7 2013. Charge time is reasonable. One needs to properly center the pad in the middle of the tablet, but with a blue indicator lighting up when charging is in progress, thats not really a big problem. I wish more devices were compatible with Qi charging, but thats not an Anker problem.
Very good product at a great price.  The cord to attach to the outlet is sufficiently long to allow placement anywhere you wish. Works exactly as advertised.
My wife and I both have Galaxy S6 phones. Wireless charging was not something I was very interested in when I got the phone, but the more I thought of the convenience of having a pad on my desk at work, nightstand, and in the kitchen I started to look into them. I love Anker products, as I have several USB hubs and they work great. However, Samsung has their own charging pad, which is crazy expensive.I got a deal alert that these were 11 bucks, so I picked up 3 of them. My wife and I both have cases on our phones and pretty thick ones, but it is able to charge through them which is great. Charging speed is pretty slow when compared to the 2.0 technology that is in your Samsung charger, but I think I got about 20% in an hour at one point. Reason for taking off one star is two fold. First, using this on your nightstand is a terrible idea if you like to sleep in the dark. The blue LED charging light is crazy bright. I was tempted to cover it with electrical tape or something. Lastly, if you happen to bump your phone off the pad during the night, which is easy to do, you wont have a charge in the morning. With that being said, I dont use one on my nightstand and would avoid it, if that is what you are thinking of using this for. Lastly, Im waiting for a model to hit the market without lights to use on my nightstand.
Works great, totally love this item.
I bought this as a work replacement for a Qi enabled S4. It works great! I would highly recommend this charger, it works better than my previous one. I bought it with a 2A wall charger also from anker (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00WHTW4QK?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00).
Awesome product , charges quick and easy even through  Otter Box case!
LOVE THE ABILITY TO WIRELESSLY CHARGE MY DEVICE..THE ONLY DOWNSIDE IS IT TAKES ALMOST TWICE AS LONG TO CHARGE THE PHONE VS THE SAMSUNG CORD THAT COMES WITH THE PHONE...FOR UNDER 10 DOLLARS THO ITS STILL A GREAT DEAL
Got this 5 days earlier than expected and works better than expensive chargers like Tylt and Samsung. Set device in center and it charges at normal speed as a wall charger does.
It took me 3 hours and 20 minutes from 5% to 100% in my Galaxy S6 edge with the Poetic Revolution Series case on. Better than I have imagined. Anker for everyday, every use, everywhere.
This is a great product at a great price when compared to the Samsung wireless charger at around $40. Very convenient and easy to use , just make sure you see the red light turn to blue which indicates your device is charging. When the blue and red lights are on together your device is fully charged. I only have a couple of things which I feel are worth mentioning . The Anker wireless charger does not come with a wall charger adapter so you may wind up using the one that came with your phone. You may also want to make sure it puts out 2 amps if youre using some older phone wall adapter as there have been other reviews pointing out that less than 2 amps may not fully charge your phone. I have not tried using an adapter that puts out less than 2 amps so I cant swear its true. Another thing is that the phone must be positioned correctly or the blue charging light wont come on and when you awake to a uncharged phone its like #!%&^%...Im using this with a Galaxy S6 Edge with a Caseology case and have not had any problems except the one time I didnt place the phone squarely on the charger...another great deal from the seller Fantasia Trading LLC and Amazon
Great for on my desk at work.  I like just setting my phone on it and not worrying if I have done it right.  The phone lets me know with a quick tone once charging.
Allows you to view and access your phone easily.
Love it.  Say goodbye to plugging my phone in every night.  I own 3 of them
This works perfectly with my Google Nexus 5.  It charges quickly and its theres really nothing to it.
Item works beautifully. Just as described. The charger plate is small and compact and in my opinion works better than the Samsung specific charging pad. Would definitely recommend.
Love this product. Works great!!
I have an S6 and an Ace Teah transparent case. They work great together! The charger is only $16 and you can get 5 of the cases for $9! I have no trouble positioning the phone. Just lay it on top and I hear the charging beep and the red LED goes to blue. I get a full charge.
Works great! Exactly what we needed! Loved the price too!
I bought two of these, one for my desk at work the other to put in my brief case when I travel, the size is perfect for both. I have been a fan on Anker products since the first USB charger I bought. Like all Anker products, this is solidly built, not too big to be cumbersome, but big enough to be stable when I sit my Note 4 with charger cover installed on top. It also works great to give my Moto 360 smartwatch a quick fill up when needed. Might have been nice if a power cube was included, but not really a big deal, I got them coming out of my ear!  Works great with my Anker 40W 5 port desktop charger with power iQ technology!
works great!
Love it! Its so reasonably priced compared to others, I can buy two or three of these for the same price!
I have a nexus 7. this charger is compatible with the device very well. it can easily and fully charge the tablet after a few hours.
I love Anker and this is my third Anker product. I bought this item since I needed a qi charger for my Samsung Galaxy S5. Its small, as stated, and looks pretty beautiful and simple. I recommend this one for anyone who wants their moneys worth for qi charger. The only problem with this product its really small then you need to choose another one if you are using a qi-supported smartphone of more than 5.5-inch screen size.
Worked flawlessly with my G4 + Newisdom QI addon. Also worked diligently with my friends S6. The cord supplied feels like it is durable enough to take occasional table abuse. Will adjust rating as I see fit\as time goes on.
It worked great for the first few days. But the past two mornings I have woken up with my phone at >40% battery. After looking at my battery graph, it charges for a couple of hours and then drastically drops; charges... And then drops. Over and over until I wake up and remove it from this charger. {UPDATE 8-24-15} After posting this review, Anker generously contacted me and within just 24 hours we had setup a replacement for my wireless charger. They sent me a different model but I dont mind, I actually enjoy this one much more. Anyways, I have yet to have a problem and I think this is the wireless charging experience I was looking for.
The longer cable interferes with placement, but great concept. Like.
Works great, very simple and very inexpensive!
Great!! Works as advertised!!
Works great.  Using it for my Galaxy S5 after installing the Qi receiver module.  Not much slower than charging with the micro usb.
This has been everything as advertised, and I may order a 2nd one just to have it. This is a USB charging station that does not come with a plug for an outlet, but an 5volt charger plug will work wonders. I love this
The product charges my mobile quickly. I received it from the company fast. Im very happy with the service and the product - have had the charger for about two weeks and all is well.
I did like most people do when you get something new, couldnt wait to try it out. So plugged it in to the first cord I could find - not a 2 amp charger. Wow! It works, and my phone has a leather case. Two days latter it no longer worked, started draining my battery instead of charging it. Put a 2 amp charger on it, still no luck. Left it unplugged for a day, tried again. Now it works flawlessly and has been for at least a month. I love the small size, works great with the Samsung Note 5 which has a leather flip cover and is not a small phone. I can see where some of the larger phones would have an issue with the small plate, or if you have an industrial sized case that makes your phone look 10X bigger than it already is.
Great wireless charger. Works good with my Galaxy edge. Even better,  it cost a fraction of the price of a Samsung charger.
I am using this product with an OEM Samsung Qi charging cover and a Tudia TPU case. The Anker charger is more compact and works much, much better than the OEM Samsung charger that I was previously using it with.  On the OEM charger charging  turns on and off, possibly related to the TPU case..  The Anker charger works perfectly. Love this company. Just ordered another one.  I never take the time to submit reviews, but this company earned one with this product.  Thanks!
This does not work on the AT&T LG G3 that I ordered it for, however it works great on my wifes Nexus 6.  Charges fast with no issues, and looks and feels well made. Nice and small, but doesnt slide around.  Good product for the price, just make sure it has the right wireless technology for your phone, as I found out even the same phone at different carriers are different.
Love it just set my note 5 on it and its charging.....
Best unit available. Samsungs $50.00 unit doesnt work half as good at 5 times the price. Ordered 3 more!!!
Simple, carry-able and easy to use. I wish they had something which could slant the phone which will help us use it while charging.
Ok, so I posted a not so nice review for this product due to charging issues with my Galaxy S6, and Anker has been diligently trying to get in touch with me, via email, via phone, and Ive been unavailable to respond.  So what do I find in my mailbox today, nothing other than a brand new device sent to me in the mail.  Not only did it fix my issue, but I am now an avid fan of Anker.  I cant express my gratitude enough, not only for an EXCELLENT deal at $11+, but the fact that there is a company that still gives a d*** about their products and especially their customers!  I highly recommend this product, and their others too.  Ive purchased 3rd party laptop batteries from them also for my old laptops, and theyve proven be excellent as well. Thank you Anker!!
Good
Works great with an iPhone 6 charging case.
Terrific product! This is the perfect size and the non slip bottom keeps it in place. My nexus 5 connected immediately and it topped off the charge while I worked. Having this near type PC during the workday will save you from the dreaded dead battery on the way home.
Works exactly as advertised! This thing is great - I just place my phone on top and it starts charging. No more plugs or wires to lose. And I even have a ballistic cover on my phone and it deosnt impede the charging at all.
Anker is excellent as usual
Works great with my Nexus 5 that has no case (I like to live dangerously). I actually bought a second one so I have one for my nightstand and one for my office desk. Do note that it does not include an AC to USB adapter, and you will want to find one that is rated for 2 Amps of output for maximum charging rate. Also the always on light is a little annoying, but Ive been able to live with it just fine so far.
Great product charges phone havent had problem
Perfect for you desk, no plugging and unplugging cables. It charges slower than the original charger your phone came with but it does the job well, no need to pay extra for the Samsung wireless charger.
Solid construction and fast charging! Love it. Using it with a Verizon Sony Xperia Z3V. Only issue is that if it is not aligned to the exact right spot on the phone, it will charge extremely slowly, but I think that problem is more on the phones end.
Great product and a great price. Works with my new S6 edge every night, just lay it on when I go to bed and its charged in the morning. Cant speak for how fast is charges as I only use it on my nightstand.  Everything stays in place as it has good grip on the bottom and top with a rubber ring.  Would not hesitate to purchase again.
Its working and tested only once.
This is a wireless charging pad that you will want to get. What I like: - Charges faster than most other pads - Rubber stopper - Rubber rim on top - Indicator lights - Compact What I dont like: - No power brick included
Great
Excelente producto
very good
Easy to set up and use.  Doesnt slide around, no audible notifications (which is good for sleeping wives) and simply works.  Charging is slower than a normal plug, but thats to be expected.
I love this~! Thanks good price
Great great Product
This is exactly what I needed for my Galaxy S6, and it couldnt be simpler to use. Just set the phone down and it charges. Samsung does make a wireless charger, but it costs more than twice as much. You will need at least a 2 amp wall charger to plug it into. It doesnt charge as fast as it would with the Adaptive Fast Charging cable, but there are no wires to mess around with, and you save wear and tear on your micro USB port too. In my case, I just want to set my phone down on the night stand and have it at 100% when I wake up the next morning, and this does the job. I cant see owning a phone that doesnt support this ever again. One less hassle. The Galaxy S6 supports Qi (such as this charger) and PMA, which really helped take the guesswork out, and ensures that your phone will charge no matter which standard is available, without any frustrating gadgets that iPhone users have to endure.
bought two, one has already failed within a couple of weeks.  generally like Anker for other products though... update, a little back and forth but they replaced the broken unit with another no charge, all is well.
Charges my iPhone6 with a 3rd party Mobile Pal Qi case without heating up.  Needs to be aligned just right, but otherwise a great wireless charger.
WOW...AWESOME! I bought 2 of these so I have one in my office and one near my bed... Amazing... I just set my phone down as usual, but now it stays charged. So much better than fumbling with cables...
It is nice to not have the bright lights on the unit like Samsung has on theirs. I use mine by my bed and the Samsung unit lit up the whole wall and was irritating if the light was shining in my direction. That is why I sought out a different solution. This unit has a small red light that indicates that it is attached to a power supply, and it has a small blue light that turns on indicating that it is charging your device, as pictured below (the blue light stays on a couple seconds after you remove your device and that is how I took a picture of it without my phone on top). These lights are not intrusively bright and go completely unnoticed. Also, your phone will naturally cover them up unless you intentionally place your it so that you can see them, which is perfectly fine given that your phone will indicate that it is connected to a charger. The price point on this unit is amazing. Also, this device does not overheat my phone as I have read in reviews of other charging pads. This is despite the fact that I leave my phone on it all night. It is worth noting that induction charging is not as fast as connecting your device directly to a USB/powerblock. Still, this product is perfect for anyone looking for a bedside charger or if you set your phone on your desk all day while working. Just like the Samsung unit, this charger has a rubber ring on the top and has a rubber bottom to keep things from slipping around. The build quality of this unit is good and I prefer it, aesthetically, to Samsungs version, which is reminiscent of the old shiny plastic Galaxy S3s. Im not sure why Samsung only chose to light half of the ring around their pad (cutting down on cases of night blindness?). Also, while this conclusion is not based on any scientific testing, I have not noticed a difference in the charging speed. I have mine hooked up to the travel charging block that comes with the phone and has an output of 2 amps. Just in case you are taking notes, I have the Samsung Note 5. I have read reviews on other chargers where people have had a hard time finding the "sweet spot" when placing their phone on the pad. That is not the case with the Note 5. You simply place the phone on the pad fairly centered and then forget about it. Your job is done. With a little effort it is possible to place the phone on the pad without it falling off and have it not connect. I investigated this issue specifically for the purposes of writing this review, but this really shouldnt pose much of a problem for anyone over 3 years of age and in fair mental health. I think that Michael J. Fox would agree, it is certainly easier than using a USB. I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone in the charging pad market.
Hardware itself looks nice and solid. I also had good customer support from Anker before, so the brand itself what sold me this. When it comes to usability, it has some minor issues. As another Nexus 4 owner mentioned, you have to align your phone perfectly in order to get charging going. The coil in Nexus 4 is near the bottom, so your SIM card slot should be aligned with the center of the charger. Dont be fooled with the initial blue charging light, check back in few minutes to make sure no red light is blinking. I left the phone overnight, and the next morning charger light was signalling that the charge was complete. However, the phone battery was not full. Was it not charged to 100%? Or maybe charger does not keep it charged after the battery is full. This doesnt happen with a USB charging. I bought this because micro USB port on my phone is getting loose, and not all the cables are working properly without wiggling (how ironic, I have to wiggle the phone to align on this thing now). I think I will have better luck with the new USB-C standard on my next phone. So for me, it was a $12-fix so I could get little more out of my aging Nexus 4, instead of paying for a new phone. Edit: Surprisingly this device charges through Body Glove case on the phone.
compact and nicely packaged. You cant go wrong with the price.
Works great. Makes charging our phones a lot easier. No cables flopping around. Just lay the phone on the QI charger and it charges. Great price as well.
This unit is great for top off charging. Simple to use, just set the phone on top and boom, you are charging. The biggest drawback is that it turns off when a full charge is achieved leaving the phone to drain the battery from that point on. I never wake to a fully charged phone anymore when I use this over the standard plug in method.
As described. Works as expected.
Works great with Samsung S6 Edge. Very nice at this price point.
Purchased this for my Nexus devices. Oddly my Nexus 6 does not charge on it. Not sure if its the phone or the charger. But it works well with my Nexus 5. And best of all, it doesnt get overly hot. Ive had other wireless chargers that I feared would melt my phone or burn my house down. This one does not bring about those fears. And it charges my other devices pretty fast too. And through some thick cases!
I have one at home and one at work.
Using it to charge Nexus 5. Works fine. I am happy with charging speed and charging pad design.
Disclaimer: I was sent a product for testing and evaluation purposes, and I promise that my review is fair and accurate. The PowerPort Qi charger is a small device (slightly smaller than a hockey puck) that sits unobtrusively on ones desk. A Qi-enabled phone, such as a Nexus or Galaxy, can rest on top of the device and charge wirelessly. The PowerPort Qi requires at least a 2000 MAh (2A) plus-in for the micro-usb to wall connection. Strangely, Anker decided not to include this part which means that youll need to search your inventory to find one. I tried using a smaller charger (1A and 1.5A, 1000MAh and 1500MAh respectively) and the device would recognize it but the charging times were beyond slow. Using my Nexus 6 I charged from 22% to 45% in around 35 minutes, Not a speedy charge for sure but chalk this up to the Qi technology itself. The standard isnt mature yet and I believe that well see better Qi support in the near future. Youll also only get 1000 MAh worth of charge out of the device, as the Qi standard is also somewhat wasteful in terms of energy conversion. None of these faults fall on to Anker though - theyre obviously doing the best they can with a standard that needs another few revisions to become more useful and less of a novelty. As far as using the device its pretty self-explanatory: You put the phone on the PowerPort charger and ensure that the LED light turns from red to blue. If it doesnt youll need to adjust the phone to match the inner coil up to the chargers coil. Again, this is a small but frustrating limit of the Qi technology. Ive been testing the device for two weeks now and still have to periodically readjust the phones position on the charger for it to begin charging. As always Anker stands behind their products 100%, with their phone number plastered in several places on the box and in the documentation. If the PowerPort Qi Wireless Charger came with a 2000 MAh charger with it Id give it 5 stars. But without this charger the device feel incomplete and I hope Anker considers this in future releases of this product.
Anker continues to make great products. I have 3 portable batteries and now that I have a phone that allows wireless charging, Anker was right there. Now I can carry less and leave the wireless charger at the office and one at home. Especially since I have way too many apps running on my phone and it chews through batteries.  Good stuff.
Awesome product. Works great with my S6 even with a case on & charges pretty fast. No complaints so far!
everything is good other than late deliver
Works great, looks great, compact, and cheap.  Cant beat it!
Excellent device. I bought the OME charger for my wifes phone, but wanted something a little more compact and lightweight for travel. This item works perfectly I only charge at night, and this device allows me to awake with it fully charged and I no longer have to worry about any cords.
Great Product.  Does what it is supposed to do.  I bought 2, one for home and one for office.  Highly recommend this product.  I purchased this to use with a Galaxy S6.
This charger works with my Galaxy s6 edge. Also I have a supcase unicorn beetle case and it charges through that. Didnt come with a USB wall plug thing but thats not a big deal.
Works great with my Nexus 7 (2nd gen).  Its pretty small, so it doesnt take up too much desk space.  Doesnt come with an adapter, just a USB to USB micro cord.  Youll need to have your own adapter, but most people have a few of these hanging around anyway.
Works great with my Nexus 7 and charges through my rooCase Origami. Because of the size of the "N-7" I prefer to place the charger on top of the tablet. It assures me of a proper placement into the "sweet spot" and it allows me to see the LEDs. It is silent, the LEDs are tiny so itll do fine on the bedside.  One of the best benefits of the charger is it cleans my screen automatically right after it brings me a beverage from the fridge and my popcorn from the microwave. It hops back up on the Nexus 7 and the LEDs go back to normal. Im not sure if the FAA is going to go crazy about it flying around the house with food on it but then Im not telling. Hey.. it works as advertised perhaps even a little better, thanks for reading my review and order the Anker its not like youre going to spend $40,000
Compaired to Samsung charging pad works better. Faster detect and not placement sensitive. The built in temperature safty made product sound. I now buy most of my stuff from anker. I would recommend anker so far have not been disappointed.
Finally wireless Qi charging at an affordable price.  The gizmo is smaller than the base of a coffee cup and charges fairly well- probably about the same rate as a standard USB2.0.  It does not charge as fast as USB3.0 (with the larger connector).  It works instantly and has a blue LED indicator light to show when it is charging.  It is a pretty discrete piece of kit and seems well made.
Works great, very happy with it. Its not finicky, you dont have to find the "sweet spot" to get the phone to charge. The rubber edge also does a good job of stopping the phone from sliding off. Charges faster than I expected. The LED status display is effective without being too bright for a bedroom. It would be nice if it came with its own outlet plug but I guess that keeps the costs down for people that already have one. Im using a Samsung S6 for this review.
good
Works perfectly so far. It takes a few seconds once my phone is on the pad for it to register. It doesnt work for my tablets. But thats ok.
I was pleasantly surprised at how small this is - around the size of a hockey puck, so it doesnt take up much space on my desk when its not in use.  Easy to set up, and charged my phone fairly quickly when compared with how it used to charge via plug. Youll have to buy a separate adapter, which is a given since most all phones and batteries are shaped differently, but theyre fairly inexpensive.  Overall it was less than a $25 investment, which has basically saved me hundreds after the charge port on my S3 wore out.  I only wish I had gotten this sooner.
Charges my phone quickly and without issue through a two layer case. But once it hits 100% it stops charging and doesnt start again. I used it as my overnight charger and every morning my phone was somewhere between 90-95%, never 100% as it would be with a charger plugged into the phone. LEDs are also very bright, something to consider if you charge overnight in a dark room. After I wasnt completely satisfied with this version, Anker sent me the slim version, and this one does keep your phone at 100% until you remove it from the charger. Either way both versions work great and if you have any issues Anker will take care of you. Its a breath of fresh air dealing with a company that treats there customers so well!
It charges my samsung s6 EDGE and Samsung Gear S2 (Smart Watch) very fast. I like the light indicator in the charger that shows the phone battery is full. It has also a power efficient idle mode to prevent overcharging your device.
Fast and easy charging.  I bought two more.  Love them.  One near my bed, one near my computer, and one for my desk at work.
I only have one small problem. When my phone is 100% charged, Im assuming the charger turns off, However, after a short time, my phone begins discharging, and the PowerPort never turns on again to keep it 100% charged. If I leave it on overnight, I sometimes wake up in the morning with a charge as low as 75%. This is disappointing.
Slow but great .. perfect  size  too! Am very happy!
Works great @ a price thats great.
Works great with Otterbox on phone
Have had no placement issues with Nexus 6 even though the N6 has a very large back, but I have seen it works perfectly in the middle and the slightly lower parts. Tried it with a Nexus 6 Turbo charger (1.6A), but charging was slow. Tried it with a friends Insignia charger (2.6A), not only charged slow but heated up the device really fast. Have to try the recommended 2.1A charger as soon as I get my hands on one. Good overall build.
So far so good it charges my phone quickly and I have a thick leather case on my note 5. I would recommend. Its really nice to not have to fumble around with the plug.
I was looking for an inexpensive wireless charger  when I found the Anker charger.  I own several Anker products so I new I would be getting a quality product. I was not disappointed this charger is great.  If you do not want to spent a lot of money then this is the charger for you.
Works great, delivered quickly, and you cant beet the price. A+!
Love the rubber grip it has, both on the bottom so IT doesnt move, and on the top so your phone doesnt slide.  The indicator lights could be a little simpler (orange = plugged in,  blue = charging, blue + orange = charged)... Seems like a traditional red, green, blinking red or similar would be more intuitive.  But ultimately, it does its job.  Wireless charging is awesome... And when you stop to think about it, like how it actually works, mind boggling.
Using with a Nexus 5.  Looks nice, feels very solid, charges pretty fast.  Does not come with a power adapter but it doesnt say that it does.  Either way, a little irritating to have to buy or find a power adapter.  I had an extra galaxy tab 2 charger that met the requirements so not an issue for me.  Also, the cable is only 3ft.  If you use a power strip on the floor and want to put this on your desk, expect to buy a longer cable.  I do think Anker could have done a better job putting the set together so it can be usable out of the box.
Bought for use strictly at work. I use my phone for work, so not having to plug/unplug all of the time will save my charge port, and make the use of my phone a bit more reasonable. This is my second Anker product, and I must say Im really digging this company. My first was a 2 battery & charger for my previous phone (S4). This product is simple. Takes up a small amount of space on my desk, has good rubber feet on top and bottom to keep it from sliding, and works as advertised. Simple tip: get a 2A wall adapter to use with this product. It will allow the product to connect to the device quicker for the wireless charging.  The speed of the charging - while slower - is enough to keep the battery charging while playing music. I also found that, unlike other charger reviews state, the heat does not build up excessively. My phone will feel warm if I pull it off of a plug charger, but this one does not leave a warm feeling. My ONLY downside is the cable is rather short. I would love if they offered a slightly longer cable so that, in some situations, I could reach a plug behind a desk without having the charger too far to the rear of the desk. If I need another wireless charger, this specific product and Anker themselves are high on my list. The only reason I would chose another product (I should note I bought two chargers with this purchase, the other having a larger footprint for use at home) is so that I could have a charger with a larger footprint for larger devices. The size of this charger makes it ideal for phones for easy/quick placement. I could see where, because of size, it would irritate a bit to place the device in the charging area.
Anker builds great products and this one is no exception. This charger is solidly built and works great with my Nexus 5. Its got a nice rubberized coating on the bottom that keeps it from sliding around too much.
I received a new Anker wireless charger. from Anker customer service the second one worked better than the first,but it only worked for certain phone.like nexus or LG Optimus.its a good buy for the price.
Much perferable to standard charging. Cant beat the price either.
One of the best thus far for my cell phones.
Im using this with my Nexus 4 and I have to put my phone on at least 3 times before it actually starts charging. The first few times it shows the blue light for a couple seconds then it blinks orange. Ive tried putting my phone on in different positions but it only starts charging after about 3 tries. Edit: Anker went out of their way to try to fix my issue. Although my Nexus 4 still takes a few tries to charge, I received the best customer service and so for that I will give 5 stars.
This wireless charger is perfect for my nightstand/nighttime charging.  I dont like reaching for a cable to charge my phone at night so now that I have a phone (galaxy s6) with wireless charging capability, this was the perfect fit.  This works with my Spigen Neo-Hybrid case Pros: Small and sleek Anti-slip rubber on top and bottom Charging indicator light Charges faster than expected considering its wireless Trusted Anker brand Cons: Some might find it a little small You have to center your phone in order for it to work
Great product. Great price. Excellent service!
seems ok should be larger
Works perfect for my dad and his brand new Samsung Galaxy 6. So easy to charge with. I love wireless charging feature.
So far so good, have multiple Anker chargers and they all work perfectly. I used it on my adapted LG G4 and now Im using it for my Galaxy S7 Edge and its perfect.
Awesome!  Other Qi chargers were unreliable with my Nexus 4, but I figured Anker could do good things, so I bought 2 when I saw these available.  I am not disappointed! I plugged it into a Sony USB charger, placed my Nexus on it, and it lit up and charged quickly enough the whole way to 100% -- no switching on and off and no fiddling around with trying to find that tiny perfect spot.  Im pleased -- I had previously given up on Qi.
Try it if it doesnt work for you Anker has an excellent customer service team. They went out of their way to contact me and provide me with a replacement.
Best little charger in the world.
works great for all wireless devices, including wireless charging adapters (the ones you plug into phone usb port and hide under battery cover).  small, non obtrusive, looks nice
This is a good product and does what it is supposed to do. I have a Nexus 6 with a SUPCASE Google Nexus 6 Case [Unicorn Beetle Series] Premium Hybrid Bumper Case Cover for Motorola Nexus 6 (Frost Clear/Black) on it and it charges through the case with no issues. The charging pad is rather small though, so you have to place the phone more towards the mouthpiece to get the charger to recognize it and start the charging process. This device comes with a micro USB cable, but no wall outlet in case you expected one. I bought two of these, and theyre handy to have and I would make the same purchase again. The only gripe is the charging base is small which means you have to place it just right to get the charge started, but thats in no way a deal breaker.
used it more than a week and it charged fully every morning!
all good
Had it for a week and it works perfectly up to expectations. If your devise has a protective device, you may have to wiggle around to get it to begin charging; but, once the blue light is on its very efficient.
At first I couldnt get it to work at all,  however Ankers customer service contacted me and told me to try a different charging cable. After switching to the cable that came with my phone,  it worked as expected, so I am updating my rating.
This device is inexpensive and extremely small and portable which is great. However, after using this for 1 week, it rarely catches a charge or stays "charging" when my device is on the port. After speaking with customer support, I was shipped a new device and it works flawlessly! Customer support was awesome and shipped the device quickly! Thank you!
Wow, I bought the Samsung Wireless charger before I found this, and I wish Id found this first.  I took a chance and ordered two and Im glad I did.  They are placed around the house and are so much more convenient than plugging cords into the phone.  Just be aware that this wireless charger only came with a cord and NOT the wall charger (unlike the Samsung), but for the price, you cant beat it!
Bought 1 and it worked so good with my Motorola Turbo that I bought another one.  Charges through my Tech21 silicone cover with no problem.  Highly recommended !!!!
It works great and has rubber on the top sides and bottom.  So it wont slide around and anything you sit on it will remain in place. The MicroUSB power cable does not come with a plug.  So you either have to use your own USB plug with it, another MicroUSB charger cord that has a power plug.  With the provided cable, you could power it via a laptop/PC.
Folks, Every time you are buying something, 2 major important things in your mind will be prioritized - 1. How much it will be? 2. Will be the product have great quality? Those 2 things was made possible by ANKER for thos product. (I 1st received a non working one BUT after I sent the email to them about the problem, they shipped another one right away and its working perfectly). I am hoping that they will produce more excellent products & the after sales service will stay stellar. Thanks again & more power!!!
Works beautifully.
Wasnt expecting the mini-port connector. Thats really convenient. Its neat how I can just lay my phone on it and watch it charge, then pick it up again when I need to. Charging time seems to be alright (possible a bit faster? not sure).
This charger is compact and looks nice on my desk, where its plugged in. Aside from the aesthetics, it connects quickly and efficiently charges my Samsung GS-6 fully from approximately 50% in less than two hours connected to my workstations USB port. The indicator lights are on the front of the charging pad so it is clear to see the activity of the charger (stand-by, charging, fully charged) and so far my phone has not gotten overly hot as some chargers tend to do. The only short coming that I can see is that the included cable is shorter than the length required to reach the wall outlet or surge protector from most desks. My next test will be on the dash of my car to see if the rubber base and ring on top keep it from slipping as well as they do on my desk. But Im very happy with the charger, especially for less than $20.
This is my second (and less expensive) Qi charger Ive purchased to use with my Galaxy S6. Both work perfectly well but I really like this one the best. I just set the phone (in its Spigen Tough Armor case) on the charger, placed roughly in the middle of the phone and it connects and charges. The other charger I bought was the Yootech Qi charger which works well too, but it will occasionally start the phone beeping constantly telling me wireless charging is paused until I re-position the phone. I havent had that happen once with this charger. The Anker charger looks like a little higher quality as well. As for charging speeds, both chargers with 2 amp adapters attached charge at around 820 mA max, about half the speed of the S6s quick charger but still a respectable speed. Im pretty sure all Qi charges with 2 amp adapters will be about the same here. I have ordered a number of Anker products lately to include this charger (and a second one now), a 2 pack of their 2 amp wall chargers , and a USB PowerPort 5 and I have really been impressed with the quality of the products, packaging and pricing.
its awesome. My Nexus 7 wire charging was not working, so I bought this and its working perfectly.
Would give 5 but heats up pretty hot when left on for a while charging otherwise works great
Works great so far. No issues.
Works well
The way Anker packages their products makes me want to order more from them! Products all look great and work magnificently! Will look to Anker for any future phone charging accessories!
There is an about 30% chance this charger does not work. Put my Nexus 6 onto it before I went to sleep and found the phone very hot in the morning but the its batter was not charged at all (0%). Never had this issue with my wired charger. Update: Anker sent me a replacement which seems to be working very well.
Works great.
I really like these portable wirelessential chargers. They are high quality aluminum build and the size of a bottom of a soda can.  I am using with a note 5, nkte edge+ and iphone 5s with a wireless charging adapter. It works great on all of them with very little fumbling around with placement. I highly recommend these chargers and their portable size makes them perfect for travel
great value
Best after market charger/battery manufacturer. Ive been buying Anker products since I had my Galaxy S2 eons ago, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy S5 and now a wireless charger for my Galxy Note 5. This does the same thing that a $50 OEM Samsung wireless charger. No problem with positioning my Note 5 and charged it from 0 to 100% in 2 hours using my OEM Samsung Adaptive fast charger.
Only had it a few hours,  but its charging in the case and therefore I  love it. My experience with Anker in general has been good so far. Edit- still love it. Bought a second one, and I love it equally. Works with all 3 of my cases. It is a little finicky with the Spigen/pouch; I have to place the phone carefully, but I still prefer that to the physical connection of the micro USB.
This device charges my Samsung Galaxy s5 really quickly. It doesnt produce much heat at all and it finds the charging area easily. It works excellent with the TYLT VU mate induction coil for Samsung Galaxy s5.
Good product charges rapidly  and phone is ready to go wirelesly
Works just as it states, no issues
This thing is amazing!!  For only $12, I can just set my phone on it without even looking for proper placement, and it charges while Im doing other things.  I bought a second one, but I havent  found the need for it yet.  I may just use it for a gift.
The next best thing to charge your Moto 360!
WORK LIKE CHAMP
My uses: I use it for my Nexus 6 (in a case) and Moto 360. It also works with a Galaxy S6 Active. Pros: Its small enough that you can put it pretty much anywhere. The top and bottom both have a non-slip material that is surprisingly grippy and prevents your device from getting pushed off. Charge time is about the same as any other Qi charger. Works through cases (we tried two, one slim plastic and one larger wrap around leather case, it had no problem with either). Cons: Its small :) If you have a larger device, as seems to be the trend these days, it can be hard to see the LED lights because of the overhang. I have a Nexus 6, and can only see the lights because I happen to have the charger on something that is about chest high to me. What it would take for 5 stars: As I mentioned, larger devices obscure the status lights. This could be solved with the a ring of diffused LEDs at either the top or bottom so that the status is conveyed through an ambient glow rather than the current tiny LEDs. In case you missed it: This does NOT come with a charger, you will need to supply your own and it should be 2 amp (as recommended by Anker).
good item. Thanks
I like the style. I am not real fond of the charging speed. It takes nearly 3X as long to charge my Samsung S5 than if I use the wired charger. I only use it for the convenience and if I have lots of time to charge. It also heats up the phone to the point that Im not sure if it is good for it.
Just received this and hooked it up to my Anker 4-port wall charger. Works very well with my Galaxy Note 5. Very happy with the purchase.
Product works as advertised. Im using it for a Samsung Galaxy S6 with a Lifeproof case installed. It works great when I charge at night. It charges the S6 to a full charge & maintains the charge until removed. However shipping was very slow.
Bought this for my Nexus 4 at my desk at work. The convenience of just being able to set my phone down on it means I keep my phone charged up most of the time now. Which is great!
At first, I couldnt get it work with my 6 edge. Then I realized, take the case off. Now it works. I just lay it down on this charger when Im home and when I need it, I dont have to struggle with the cord (like when its ringing and I just have to grab it).
Excellent product !!!
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge
Works and looks great, and at $13 is the deal of the century. Even the packaging was classy.  I highly recommend this product -- it will save you needing to get the plug port repaired since Samsung seems to engineer that to be easily damaged.
Excellent product
Perfect
This charging pad is great. It does what I need it to do and it has a nice feature that keeps it from over heating. The only con I can see is that it turns itself off when the battery is full but It only charges my phone to 99% not 100%. Not a deal breaker for me. Other than that I couldnt ask for anything more. I would buy again if I needed a replacement or gift.
I got it, immediately plugged it into a standard droid charger and sat my s6 edge on top of it.  Worked perfectly and charged with no set up.  The first time just takes about 10 seconds for it to actually turn on.  You will see blue and red light both lit up once it is ready.  That was easy though!  Works great and glad I got 2 of them.  I would definitely buy more in the future for my desk and around the house.
Love the fact that you can just put the phone down on it and it charges.  The S6 & the S6 Edge use a Faster Charger so this device charges a little slower but still very effective.
awesome product. met and exceeded all expectations. I now tell people to look on amazon before they purchase anything.
Product works just as described! Its very compact and my phone sits very well on the charger. It has a rubber edge to help the phone from slipping off the charger. Indicator lights are very visible. Also my phone doesnt seem to get too hot while charging. Great product! Id highly recommend it!
Excellent charger for my Galaxy 6. Really fast and does not have the problem others described about turning off at 100%
I was worried this wasnt going to work for my Galaxy Note 5.  It works perfectly.  I have noticed it gets a little hot after charging but it seems to be working great.
Works great with my Nexus 6 that has a thin protective case.  The LED is a bit bright at night but I use a small piece of electrical tape to block it out. I also purchased one for my sons Samsung S6 Edge and it works perfectly. Anker products are my go to for all my charging\battery needs.
Works great even with a thick plastic case on my S6 Edge+ just center the phone on top of it.
great product does what it says which is really what I look for in a product. Great overnight charger as it charges it to 100% it keeps it there I know that can lead to battery issues but its something we all have to live with.Only downside is it takes a little fumbling to get it to start charging which maybe do to my case more than my ability to aim as it has to be laid down in the right spot and the charging disk does get hot and did stop charging once out of safety but as it was a 100+ degrees that day so Ill give it a pass going to buy another one to have a work.
dont buy some random chinese charger. this is one is so much better!!
Works great.  No issues w it not working.  I recommend it
this product makes charging my phone so much easier
works great,well worth the money
This charger worked well for charging my phone for 15 months, but then failed to power up anymore.  Anker really stands behind their product and sent me a new wireless charging pad as a warranty replacement after I contacted them.  Super easy and effortless warranty process.
Ok
Still works 2 years later
No complaints.  Does what its supposed to do.
Awesome charger. Not a fast one but still a good charger.
Been using for some time now.  Charge my phone over night on this and its perfect.
Good
Good product. Would recommend.
I use this everyday...works.
Very cool gizmo. Works well.
Work very well
Charges my X well but not through an otter box case.
Quality product and great customer service!
Has served me well for past several months. Would recommend this product!
Works every time,no problem connecting to the charger
Have one that is finicky and works sometimes and doesnt others..
Works great, no complaints
Perfect to charge my phone at work.
I liked that this wireless charger was reasonably priced, small (great for tossing in my backpack) and works with my iPhone and Google pixel 3 XL.
Works great!  So nice not to have to worry about charging cords, finding the right one etc.  Just make sure your case allows wireless charging.
a very good wireless charger just place it in the pad and it charger up  no plug to fit into your phone.  excellent customer service dept. too!!!
Works well
AWESOME!!!!!  I’m buying more!  They just work.
This item surpassed my expectations. It doesnt provide a rapid charge, but it charges my battery just as well as a traditional charger. Highly recommended!
very durable
My son introduced me to Anker products. So when I saw this I decided to try it. I have multiple Anker products and have been pleased. This was a great price and is a quick charger! I also like not having to use my port.
Awesome charger. Great to put on desk or nightstand and not have to worry about broken lightning cables.
Great
Works great but cannot have any type of ring holder on back of case
A lot of similar chargers are much larger with the same functionality -- this is small and works well
Used this now for over 6 months. Works great. Like the wireless
This charger works much better than other inexpensive wireless chargers I have purchased. Bought as a travel charger, and it works very well.
just what youd expect
Got the unit because we have a broken USB charging port on a Nexus tablet. Unit arrived, we placed the tablet on the charging pad and it just worked right away to charge the tablet and once again make the tablet useful. It was that simple. Great product.
This is my first purchase of wireless charger since I bought an iPhone 8 Plus last year, so far this is the smallest and most portable wireless charger that you can find. Its like a size of a coaster. The only downside is it doesnt come with an AC adapter but nevertheless, its worth the money!
Its not as big as I would have liked, I think I bigger one is better, takes a while to find the "sweet charging spot"
Mine only lasted  6 months. Hopefully the ones I bought my parents doesn’t stop working for them.  Edit: they responded quickly, replaced my broken one with the new model. Great Custome Service.
Product worked as advertised
Have had it a month and it works perfectly.
The price was great and the charger has been operating well.  So easy to set the phone on the charger at night by my bed and grab it in the morning.  I didnt think I needed a FAST charger because I always charge overnight.  I have been right so far and am happy with my purchase.
My iPhone X charges slow overnight, which isn’t a problem if you don’t need it charged in a hurry. My main issue with it, is that you must place it perfectly centered and aligned, or else you’re left with a dead phone.
Havent had any issues with it at all.
Awesome
It does pretty much everything that I wanted it to and I found the speed of charging quite acceptable. The only thing that I dont like is I wish it was just a little bit bigger to make it easier to place my phone onto it.
The wireless charger has yet to fail to charge every time I put the phone down.
Works great and consistently. Charges my AirPods gen 2 case while my ESR one cannot. Anker is always solid
Great charger. Almost a year and working fine.
Works great.  Make sure you use a minimum 12w plug to get the proper charge.
Lay the phone on top with the correct wall adapter for fast wireless phone charging. I have the $15 same brand adapter to plug in 2 chargers, charges 2 phone (with 2 adapters) very fast. Recommended product for charging phones that allow rapid wireless charging.
Love this charger, actually this is the second I bought. One at work and one at the office. Perfect for the price, Anker products continue to impress.
The company replaced the first one with a newer better model  Im very happy with the new one it charges my phone quickly with very little heat on my phone.
Its as expected. Easy to use. Just plu it in and place your phone on it and your phone automatically recognizes the charger. We have samsung galaxy s8 and it charges great. No hassle of plugging your phone to the charger.
Compact, portable, excellent for traveling.  So far, it is working very well for Samsung S8.
Very good QI charger. One of the biggest problems Ive seen with these types of chargers is making sure that your phone is in the correct spot to charge. A case on your phone makes it even harder. This charger has an easy to see light that changes colors when a device is actually charging.
Love it. Ditched the lightning connection!
After getting my iPhone X, I waiting awhile before purchasing a wireless charger.  There are so many to choose from at so many different prices.  This one is amazing for the price!  I plugged it in the day I received it and it has worked flawlessly since.  The only thing is to make sure it centered, you’ll know when it is by the charge indicator coming on.
I liked everything about it.
Phone life extender, charger port went out on phone and this charges my phone quickly.
Works great.
Easy to use - second one I bought.  I liked the first one so much, I bought this one for my wife.
Nice quality...
This is my 3rd wireless charger in the last 6 months, but my first Anker. They all worked fantastic...until they just stopped. This cool little Anker, however, will get 5 stars until that happens.  When its charging the blue light goes on, when it isnt, red light.  I like it.  FYI:  the red light stays on 100% of the time, but its small enough and dim(?) enough to not bother me, even in a dark room.
Had this for about a week and I really like it! Very easy to use!
Received the package within two days as promised.  The charger is much smaller than my Samsung charger but we address using is for a Motorola Duraforce. It works great!  Charges beautifully. We have been using it for over two weeks.  A definite recommend.
This is a nice little charger, especially for the price. I only wish the Fire Tablet could be charged by these. My iPhone charges fine, even with the Otter Box on it.
Works as promised. It’s a great product
buy it
I bought 2 of these, for me and my girlfriend. We both use them every night. No problems. She has an iPhone 8 and I have the iPhone 8 Plus.
This wireless charger makes it really convenient. I never really have any problems charging. Doesnt come with a cable or a wall adapter so youll need to buy one separately. Definitely would recommend if your phone is compatible.
Works perfect on my old iPhone 8 Plus and my new Xr. IIRC, it’s only 5w, so not fast charging. I use it for overnight.
It works, the chord isn’t very long it won’t even stretch about 4 feet. But other than that it works good. edit- Since this, i have received a 6ft long chord! which was super helpful and much appreciated. Would definitely recommend this to anyone, however there should be an option to buy a 6ft long charging cable when you first order:) i’m satisfied
This charger works great for the price. My phone(iPhone 8 and X) gets a good charge, even through its case(s). Would recommend
Updated review. The old charger It was taking to long to charge IPhone 8+.  Took 7 hr to charge from 14 to 89 battery %. Cable it’s cheap. Have a loose connection.  Got my cable from Powerbeats 3 that fit tide without loosing power connection. Perhaps it’s good to charge watch or smaller size phone. After excellent communication with customer services I received new replacements and works great thank you.
Super convenient to have on your work desk, when youre constantly picking the phone up for calls, texts, etc. As soon as you put it down is starts charging again. I use it with a Galaxy S7 that has a bumper/cover and the charging goes through it.
Works great!
Like the Anker products.  With the new smart phones and the way they are charged this was the way to go.  It works great and is small enough to use anywhere.  A must for our Iphone.
Works great for both Samsung Galaxy S6 and S7, both with cases still on. Very happy.
I started by an anker products about a year ago Very well  Made Started with the backup chargers excellent workmanship solid product not cheaply built at all now I went for this wireless charger works great I know a lot of people talk about things he did not a little heat is normal it will not damage your phone I found how good your products were by the recommendation from a show on the Internet called hack 5 out here in California San Francisco area its all about technology but anyway I will continue looking for anker products excellent job guys
Nice
Haven’t had any problems with it. Charges my iPhone X nicely. Keep it by my bed
FAST SERVICE ,  GOT MY SAMSUNG 8 TO HOT  AND DID NOT WORK ON MY SUNS SAMSUNG S5
Easy setup
This is the second fast charger I have purchased. This one is way better than the first. The size is nice and small but it still has a nice weight, unlike my first one. The lights on the side are very nice as well and easy to read. Anker did it again.
It works for my iPhone 8 Plus, but not for my iPhone 7 Plus. The charge is slow, but that’s fine because I use it at night when I browse my phone and then I kinda chuck it on there half asleep. It’s so nice to wake up with a full charge every morning
I am giving this four stars only because I have not owned it long enough to know how long it will work. Other than that it works very well with my Galaxy s7 Edge. What is most impressive about this wireless charger is that it charges faster than I thought it would. No it is not fast charging. But for the price it doesnt slug along.
This thing worked for 3 month and just stoped working. So disappointed. The customer service is great. They got back to me and sent me a replacement for the charger. Will try again and see if this one last
Update: 07-1-18 Anker contacted me and sent me a newer replacement model. It works great, but it is slightly different than the one I purchased, as its wider and thinner. But the connection is great, and charges well. 01-08-18 Charging is fine, but the plug is a loose fit.
great wireless charger for the price.
Works great, no issues.
This works great as a work/desk charger as well as a bedside charger. We keeping in our living room as an extra charging spot. It works well on our S7 phones. It charges through our phone covers with no issues. It does not work with my pop socket on the phone. The middle of the phone needs to sit on this charger. Its impossible to charge and fit the pop socket. Other than that- no issues here! Product arrived quickly, as described, and is small and light. It does not come with the wall charger. Youll need to provide the actual wall port. We just used the one our phones came with.
I’ve always had my doubts about wireless charging, but this works great with my iPhone X. I don’t even use it flat; I have it stuck to a vertical surface in my phone caddy, so the iPhone sort of leans against it at a slight angle. Surprisingly it still charges just fine! I don’t notice any heating up of the phone either.
so that i dont wear out the port.....works slow, but is great.
I like the charger, but I wish it would have been wider so it could go better with my iPhone 8 Plus.  I used an old mouse pad to extend the sides out.
Works great and phone doesnt slide off of it like the other one I have.
Bought for my husband and he loves it; been using it for awhile now and no issues.
Works great!  Might take a min or two to position your phone.
Exactly as described
Used it with both my galaxy note and my iPhone x
Very easy to install
Works well
I bought this due to my charging port not working in my phone anymore. It is easy to charge and convenient.
Great product & quick shipping
Great charger. Only negative I have is that you have to make sure it lines up right to charge.
It can get through thicker cases. I have a Mous case and it still charges through it. While it charges slower then a fast charger it isnt too picky about where you place it on the charger
Just sit your phone on it and let it charge, price was great bought 4
I like the fact that after buying 5 wireless chargers that this is one of the 2 that continues to work.
Been using it for a few months now and it charges without any issues. Is not picky with the placement of the phone, doesnt over heat and charges fairly quick.
Works great
Perfect little wireless charger. I bought it for the convenience and the price.
Purchased two of these Anker Wireless Charger Charging Pad. One for the office and the other one for the night stand  in the bedroom to charge an iPhone X with a Mous Walnut iPhone X Limitless 2.0. --Love It-- This charging pad is super convenient. You just place your phone on the charger (the LED indicator changes from red to blue) and then grab it and go. Ive been able to charge my device with the case. --Meh-- Half the time I find that I have to readjust the location of my device on the charging pad get the charging to start. Also, depending on the orientation of the charging pad and device you cover the LED indicator. --Conclusion-- If youre looking an inexpensive charging pad, then the Anker Wireless Charger Charging Pad is for you.
Really too early to be writing news however I will give my initial impressions.  The charger is a very nice looking charger and it looks like it’s from Maine as far as anything else at the moment only time will tell. But first $13 I don’t believe you will go wrong. And just in case It does charge the  Samsung 7 & 8 very well as well as the iPhones
This was great while it lasted. It started working intermittently after 6 months and by 8 months it no longer works at all. I do not recommend. * Update: Anker contacted me and sent me a new version of the charger at no cost to me. I am really blown away by the level of customer service. You just don’t see that very often anymore. I will definitely by their products in the future knowing that they are so wonderful to work with!
The only thing I dislike about this product is that it doesnt come with a wall charger adapter. So you get the base and the product but without the right wall charger, it doesnt really work. I had to dig around and found my iPhone wall adapter in order to use this. Update: I received an anker wall charger and its made this product work a lot more efficiently. it also had a second usb plug in so it allows me to have both the wireless charger and my wired cord plugged in so I can charge my iPhone X and my iPad Pro at the same time.
Great product. Charges my iPhone 8 quickly and it doesnt get hot. I have an Otterbox Symmetry case on my phone and I dont have any issues with the connection. You just have to make sure the phone is placed on the center of the pad and youre good to go.
Love the wireless capability, but if you dont position your phone exactly right, it wont work. Using a Samsung Galaxy S7 and SI. Edit: Added one star for customer service. I was sent another charger (different model) that works great. Its a little bit bigger than this one, and it’s easier to find the sweet spot for charging. It also has blue lights around the perimeter that light up to tell me whether it’s charging or not. Thanks, Anker!
Always will work well at least it has not died yet but I have had it for 3months now and it is still working out well for me
my S6 port is busted. instead of a $60-$80 repair. this Anker wireless charger is better n saves me money. even my plastic cover...thanks
So we recently purchased 2 phone x max and we were curious about wiresless charching seeing that we upgraded from 6s... anyway we received both charger and quickly put them on our night stands and let them charge.... I love the fact that you dont have to take your phone out of the case for the charger to work, witch is an issue with another brand my brother has... so after seeing how these work with out having to pull off our cases he quickly ordered 2 for himself.... long story short buy it!!!!! Wireless charging with a 18month product warranty for only $10..... how can you beat that!!!!
I ordered this charger because my husband broke the charging port on his tablet. It does charge all of our gadgets but its very temperamental about placement. It takes us at least 2 minutes to get it lined up. Once its on, it charges okay if a little slow.
I use this wireless charger for my iPhone X. Im very please with how fast it charges it, and the material quality is great. Got it for a great price too.
Great product
It doesnt work with my phone but works perfectly with my husbands phone. He uses it everyday.
Been using daily with s8 and iPhone and charges both great!
Very easy to set up. Takes about 3 hours to charge from 24 to full charge.
Finally got around to getting a wireless charger for my iPhone X. I got two of these and so far theyve performed perfectly. I have one on my desk at work and one on my nightstand. They both charge my phone great even with my spigen case on. Theyre small too, about 2 3/4 in diameter so theyre great for travel. Keep in mind, these only come with a micro USB cable so youll need to get your own power adapter or plug it into your computer.
Nice size, i dont use it too much b/c cord charging is quicker
Simple, and charges my LG G6 relatively quick
Love it linked to my iPhone 8+ effortlessly . it’s  a great product
I have a new iPhone 8 Plus. (No case) This charger works but seems to take a long time to charge the phone. I’ve gone back to using the lightning cable. -Update. (7/31/18) I was contacted by customer service and told a replacement was on the way. I’ll update my review when the new one arrives Update (8/31/18) I received the new charger and have been using it for a few weeks. It’s been working great. Great customer service. Thank You.
If you leave your phone case on or have a case where you store credit cards and stuff this wont work. But if you have a small case you can definitely get this little guy to charge. on my iphone X I find I have to find just the right spot to charge when laying my phone down. This of course changes when there is NO case on my phone. But with the hassle I wouldnt recommend this charger to those who have at least a moderate case.
Cheap and low total voltage compared to the many alternatives, but this does a fine job sitting on my desk at work and the kitchen counter (I have two of them) and allowing me to drop my phone off for charging. Its an Anker product, so it just works.
This product didn’t even last 3 months..!!! It completely fell apart... UPDATE...! The fact that they reached out to me and offered to replace my charger speaks volumes on their customer service...! There are still good people in this world...!!
Cheaper than oem ones, charges ok but definitely not as fast as plugging the USB cable in with a fast charger. Personally, I think the technology is all a bit gimmicky. The phone shop we originally spoke to when we bought our phones tried to go sell us one (for a lot more) as it will help you not wear out your charging port. Id rather the phone be designed well and have a charging port that works, than having to buy something else just in case. So no issue with the product, works well. Charges slowly (good for overnight), but fiddly to make sure it connects, but a good price. Separate debate about whether you actually need one!
Good
It charges my phone,  Thats all that really matters.  I have not had the issue with overheating or not-charging that others seem to report.  Has worked perfectly for me from day one.
Anker products never disappoint. Well worth the price.
When I first got it, it worked great.  Unfortunately that only lasted a few weeks and the mini USB port were out.  Now its almost impossible to situate the power cord so that it makes a connection (and Ive tried multiple cords that I know work on other devices).  **Update...their customer service is really good and a replacement was sent out.  So I am back up and running.
No frills. Just a few status LEDs and a low profile with an included USB cable (but no ac adapter). Plugs into a PC USB port and charges my note 8 with no problems (yes, through an OtterBox case).
Good product for the price
Easy to use.
Ankers the best in anything they build. This item works wonderfully.
Good
Nice e fit
It’s a little small, but it still works, charges a bit slow but it gives my phone a good long battery life. It’s nice to just set my phone down instead of having to use both hand and use a chord I guess.
I read an article saying that other than broken screen the charging port on a phone wears out before the life of the phone. It recommended using a wireless charger. This unit charges quickly, and efficiently. I would buy them again.
Works perfect with iPhone 8
Will not charge trough phone case at times. The Anker company solved this problem for me by sending another charger which was larger and the new product works perfect. This is a very good purchase for your phone if phone has that feature.  Thank You Anker for your guenuine concern about my satisfaction.
goooood
Smaller than I thought ,  I wish it was bigger to accommodate the larger phone.
Nice charging pad
Works well even though I have a thick dropped-proof case. Also survives my one year old chewing and throwing tests.
Works like a charm. I have had no issues with this charger. It charges my iPhone just like it is supposed to. I have an iPhone 8 plus and it works great with it. I have a thick case and this charger has no issues working with it. I did add a ring to the back of my case and the charger did not work with that since I my phone no longer laid flat on the charger. That was understandable and I dont fault the charger for this issue. If I could change anything, I would make the base about an inch wider in diameter, but thats not a huge deal. I love the convenience of this charger, being able to just set my phone down and not have to connect any wires. ! Hopefully I wont have to deal with any more frayed / coming apart Apple charger cords.
It’s good for a travel size. For my bigger phone (iPhone 8plus), it can be a little hard to hit the right spot the first time for it to work. Sometimes my cat can knock it off really easily. But that’s my own fault. Not the charger’s. I would suggest if you have a larger phone, just get a larger charger. But for the price, it’s great. Works great. Just be mindful is all.
Anker Contacted me after my last review and upgraded me with a new wireless pad. Definitely much faster now, they gave me good information about what charger to use for faster charging. Anker customer support were excellent.
UPDATE:  The seller made this situation right with a replacement product.  They reached out to me after hearing of the issues and in a very timely manner worked, with great communication, to make the situation right.  I could not be more pleased with how this was handled.  Make no mistake, the original product was NOT good, but I have bumped from 1 star to 5 SIMPLY ON THE CUSTOMER SERVICE LEVEL. It was next to impossible to find the right spot between charger and phone to get the connection to take.  Spent a month trying to get it down to a science and it just was always a pain.  The slightest movement, bumping the nightstand or checking the time on the phone, caused disconnection and the entire process started all over.  The final straw was picking up my phone in the morning, that had gone onto the charger with about 50% battery, to find that rather than charge it had DRAINED the entire battery and it wouldnt even turn on.  This piece of crap went from nightstand to trashcan immediately.
I loved this charger. It was so convenient and easy to use.
I like real will.
nice..
Does exactly what it says. Not sure if it’s my phone or the charger but it needs to be placed in exactly the right spot to charge. Usually takes a few tries to find that spot.
I decided to get a wireless charger for convenience. I heard about this brand in class from a professor of mine who taught in Hong Kong for a while, and decided to take a chance. The charger arrived on time and well packaged. Ive been using it for a few days now and Im happy with my decision to try out an Anker product. Ill update if anything changes.
Its a good product if wireless charging is a priority... It took longer to charge my LG G7 with it than with a regular wall charger, let alone the fast charger included with my phone. Its been tossed around a good bit and its held up pretty well so its durable.
Initially I got a faulty wireless charger but they were kind enough to send me a replacement at no cost. Exceptional and exemplary customer service. New one works fine doesnt over heat and works well.
I originally got a defective product but the Anker customer service was amazing. They went above and beyond to correct the problem. The replacement came quickly and worked wonderfully. I will definitely order from them again. :-)
It recharges as expected without any problems with connection even when my phone is in its case.  The red to blue light on the front that indicates it is charging is very helpful.  Its compact but feels sturdy.
Replacement works fine!
was working very good. but ! Hopely working good again after the warranty replacement received. it is very stable charging pad. thanks for replacement.
Pretty good charger. The LED indicator lights are not bright so they wont keep you up at night. Can get toasty and does not seem to be compatible with quick charge technology which is kind of a bummer.
Bout them for our new Samsung Galaxy Note 9’s & it works like a charge.Best find on Amazon so far!!
This works for my galaxy 7 edge and my iPhone X. It won’t work for my iPhone 7 Plus but I really like this charger! It cuts down on the long cord getting tangled by my bed.
Charger works well with 8s
Sleek & small. Works well, but not with a case on phone. Only downfall 
Good product
Ive had this charger for almost two years now. It works the best out of all my IO chargers. It is just smaller than all my other ones.
Not much else to say, charges my Samsung S8 quickly. Ive recommended others to by it and would again if I needed another one.
I didn’t think I’d like this charger as much as I do! Now, I use it at home and take it to my office, easy access to my phone without the pesky cord.  I was surprised how well made it was for the price. Pleasantly surprised all around!
This is perfect.  I dont use it all the time.  But its great because you dont have to plug it into your phone.
Great
I have been using this for a week now and it charges the phone fine and was easy to setup
Only knock on it is sometimes my phone slips off while charging.  Other than that, great product.
Works like a charm
Love this charger it is really small so great for travelling . and works super well . it seems to charge at a normal rate from 33% - 80 % in roughly 2 hours on my old  galaxy s6. really saved me from spending alot of money on replacing my micro usb chip that broke in half in my phone .
Simply set your phone on it and it starts charging
Love them
Great product
It’s easy to use and easy to put away, it works like promised.
The charging pad wasn’t charging my phone half the time and I was having other problems with it so I contacted Anker and they took care of my concerns immediately and issued me a complete refund. They have great customer service! Every company should be like them.
Its does the job... cheap but durable... rubber bottom and top will not let slip phone and charges as well.
Charges quietly and without too much heat. Includes an Anker usb cord which are excellent quality so that was an extra bonus. It needs a cord to work and you must provide your own a.c. adapter.
Bought this for my girlfriend and it works great very happy with it
Special buy price so figured I try it based on success I’ve had with Anker in the past. Unfortunately this was a failure for my Nexus 7 tablet. When attaching to USB charger got a red LED. I placed my tablet approximately center and got a blue LED. However it only lasted a few minutes and it went back to red. I’ve had experience with another Qi charger from a different company but it only lasted 9 months. So I’ll try another one later, in the meantime it’s back to cable. Update: As I’ve come to expect from Anker they reached out to solve my problem. While still trying to solve my problem, it isn’t a major concern as I took advantage of an $8.00 spur of the moment purchase. Feeling that a company is concerned enough over each purchase, no matter how small is why Anker has such a great reputation. They sent me a updated wireless pad that solved the problem. Thank you Anker
Works wonderful
it is portable and since the price was so reasonable  I have one in major rooms  , works great , my husband just got a Note 8 will get one for his man cave
It charges at a decent speed and is well priced. However, it does get very hot. As a result, it is important to still keep tabs on the phone when charging and as a safety precaution, I would not recommend leaving it plugged in when not using it. If you plug it into a wall charger, it will get hotter. Using the USB into a computer is definitely better in that regard. In using the two different modes, I did not notice a difference in the amount of time it took to charge the phones, only the residual temperature (although both still run warm).
I have bought two of these for a coworker who had a damaged charge port.  The first one is used by many other coworkers for their various personal phones.  The second was for him to take home. No complaints from anyone, and several were surprised to have it charge through their cases.
Works better than I thought it would.
Im revising my evaluation of the anker wireless charger. Anker has been fantastic from a support standpoint. The product works well and performs as described.
Its nice to charge your phone, easily.
I have Samsung S8 and hubby has S8+. His seems to  connect to it quicker, mine has to be on the pad a certain way to charge. Not sure why. I am however happy with my purchase. If I was to ever get another charging pad, I would go bigger possibly to avoid that position issue.  Its not lightening fast
Works flawlessly with LG G6 in a bear motion case and a thin metallic plate insert. The charging pad is detected quickly, the charging light indicator functions as intended, and the smart detection stops the charging routine when the battery is full. The device is diminutive, well made, and has a nice finish and tactile rubber ring for a stable phone placement.
This is my first wireless charger. I like having it on my nightstand so I can just put my iPhone 8 on it instead of dealing with inserting cord.  The charger has a blue light to show phone is charging, red if not.  Nice looking, well finished.  Happy.  Note: only thing to consider is that it’s not as easy to use it while charging.
Doesn’t work and you can’t return it. Ended up buying a old used Samsung charger off eBay for my Qi adapter for my iPhone that was recommended as an additional purchase on this. After getting contacted by Anker support for writing the above review, they have taken great efforts in rectifying the issue. They have offered a full refund and a one of their 10W chargers since I have found success with a 10W of a different brand. They should also be correcting the no-refund issue seen on the amazon website. Giving back a star for effort.
Great product
The first item did not work the customer service at Anker was exceptional in replacing and seeing that my purchase was satisfying i would recommend their products and mainly their customer service above and beyond expectation.
on iphone (liquid case) & android (rugged)
Works perfectly
Brought one this week. Unable to fast charge my Samsung Galaxy S8 plus. Tried with an original Samsung adaptive fast charger but of no use. Satisfied with the product but disappointed with the lack of fast charging. The company then reached out to me and sent me a replacement 10W fast charger which works great!! Awesome customer response and they were very courteous and quick with their response. The customer care person who took care of the issue was prompt and very nice! Love Anker, their products and customer care. Never disappoints.
Wireless charging is the future.  This Anker charging pad works great, Im really happy with it.
This was really nice i gave it to my brother because my phone is to old and it didnt work for me!
I ordered this charger in November, 2017. It is now August 2018 when I am writing this review. The charger has worked perfectly for almost a year, but unfortunately it stopped working recently. I emailed anker and they sent me a new one in just a few days. They really stand behind their products! This charger and company are both great. 10/10 recommend!
Good
Love the ease of using this item. My only complaint is that it only charges my iPhone about half way throughout the whole night, so its very very slow.
Works great, a must for the office
Works great with my iPhone X.
Taking care of Girls and Geckos in Las Vegas as Always
I bought this one as a spare for the office.  It does not charger as fast as the Samsung brand one but more than enough to keep my phone charged all day at the office with heavy use.  Works great with LG, Samsung, and Apple iPhones 8 and X.
Works great, even through the case
Charging fast...
It charges my iPhone X and my work iPhone 8 as advertised... I have had zero issues
Smaller than expected
Very happy with customer service making sure I am satisfied with my purchase. I definitely recommend checking this out!
Update:  Anker lived up to my expectations and replaced this with a new one.  The replacement works great.  The charger is slow, but I think thats a wireless charger issue, not a product quality issue.  Anker is one of my favorite Amazon companies and never lets me down. I’m sure this would work as well as every other great Anker product I own, but there is a short in the micro-usb port used to power it. The cord won’t stay connected. Would appreciate a replacement from Anker but Amazon won’t let me return.
I have been using it more than 8mos and loved it. It’s still fast to charge and phone doesn’t get so hot. Must buy
Great deal on a convenient charger
I am a big fan of wireless charging. My last 3 phones all have wireless charging (Motorola Droid 3, Z Force and Z2 Force with wireless charging mod). I have the round Samsung one where you also put the phone horizontally on the charger like this one. I have several other wireless chargers that work like a stand and the phone sits at an angle where you could read from it comfortably. This Anker charger is the smallest one and it works great. The phone is very stable on the the charger despite the small size. It was easy to position the phone and it started charging right away. The red LED changes to blue when it is charging. It doesn’t seem as fast as plugging in directly to a rapid charger with a USB-C cord but it definitely is fully charged overnight. This is definitely going to be my travel charger from now on.
It’s plugged into a wall outlet right now, and somehow it’s not on!? The first night it charged my phone for a while, and I remember waking up and the phone being at 80% and it would charge again until I unplugged the charger from the wall and plugged it back into a different outlet. I don’t understand if mine is defective or if it just shuts off to be in “idle mode”. I still don’t think it’s working properly either way. As of one week later, Anker has made this purchase right! They sent me a replacement that works wonderfully. I really appreciate the customer support.
What can I say? It works.
UPDATE: ANKER CONTACTED ME AND OFFERED TO REPLACE, WORKING PERFECTLY
Handy, however it does get a little warm if I leave my phone on it for an extended period.
Its Anker, so it works, and its packaged wonderfully. Charges quickly with my LG G6.
Charger works really well. I have about 5 of them. Anker Support is also great.
Updated Aug 2018: A bit long due since Ive been using the newer charger for about a month. The newer version works pretty well. A bit hot during charging for S8 & S9+, but not for iPhone X. Appreciate the effort and thanks again for the great customer service! Updated June 2018: Appreciate what Anker has done by contacting me directly to offer a replacement for a newer version. Havent received & tried the newer version but will definitely give the update. Thanks a lot to Echo from Anker for your kind attention! Been a big fan of Anker & very disappointed with this product. It makes the phones very hot during charging.
Works like it should. I bought this for my wife to go with her iPhone X. Even with s pretty chunky case on the phone it still works fine. Just like with any other charger you have to make sure it’s lined up correctly but even in that regards it’s pretty forgiving.
Works but must place phonein a certain way to charge.
Have an iPhone 8 with an Otterbox commuter case and it charges it with no problems, not real fast , but , it’s nice to just put it down and charge for a bit ,,off and on all day
Slow charging
Easy to charge. Can listen to songs also while charging.
Bought this wireless charging pad for my S7 Edge a while back think I would used it daily, I was wrong. It not that there is anything wrong with the charging pad, it that I never really used it. Take one star away since the size is a little small for my liking but that is just my personal view.
great
works great.
I love this thing. It arrived today and it works great. Charges fast and even with case on the phone. Would order again.
I works for what it is. But if you have a popsocket on your device, it wont charge at all.
A few months after purchasing this, Im happy with it (kind of) except for one issue that doesnt always present itself.  Sometimes I have to move my iPhone 8 Plus all over the pad just to find the "sweet spot" for charging. Other times, I can just place it on the charger and all is well. Go figure.
Update review.  I purchased this and it would not charge my iphone x.  they sent out new one which is bigger and works great.  very easy replacement and great follow up from them.
Good
Daughter loves it!
Takes a while to charge , does best if phone is off , because I found out the phone gets is a little hot if I leave the phone on and try charging.
solution at home
This is a great device only problem is that i have to take my phone out of its case to charge.
Works well
Works perfectly with iPhone 8 Plus. I purchased 2 and have no issues
Keep it at work, works for both of my wireless charging phones fine.
It does what it needs to
It is good for charging over a long time this DOES NOT fast charge phones even if you use a QC3 charger. Works fine, kind of tough to get your phone on the right spot - at least with S8 and iPhone8 it is a pain. Works fine but charges much slower then normal cable, acceptable for overnight charging and works exactly as it is designed. Just a bit small and tricky to get your phone to sit on right but it works great and have had no issues with it.
Works as described. No issues charging my iPhone 7.
Anker makes a great product! Works great with iPhoneX
Had to throw it away this week (bought around Christmas and day it aside - worked when I got it) because it stopped charging (worked for about 10 minutes one day this week. Very disappointed. Update...Anker approaches via email and are in the process of sending an updated version. Hopefully this new one will make the disappointment of this one disappear. Update #2. Received updated charger today and already it’s better!  It’s a much larger base so it’ll handle the iPhone 8+. Ten minutes was about 10%.
Great little charger at a fair price.
This charger pad works well with my phone and easy to use.
Gave several of these for Christmas gifts, and they were well received by all. My dad especially loves his, since as an attorney, he’s on his whine all day, and he can just set his phone down on his desk and have it charge, without having to plug and unplug his phone all day. I’m thinking I’ll be buying one for myself soon.
I had a little trouble with the first charger I bought and customer service contacted me right away and solved the issue. I would definitely  recommend this product and company.
works great with my iPhone X
Still works great.
Updated: 4/2018-  I was contacted by the company due to the issues I was originally having. They let me know that a special power source was required for the iPhone X. They sent me a new wireless charger with a new power source that works perfectly! Original Review: Doesn’t work consistently. I can put my phone on it, it will be charging but then an hour later it isn’t. I have to unplug and plug it back in for it to charge. Waste of money...
Works great with iPhone 8plus
I purchased this after owning several Anker products which I am very happy with. At first it worked great, “saw” the phone quickly and charged nicely. After a few days I had problems with lost connection and limited charging. I contacted Anker customer service, they were great! They were very willing to take responsibility and help me. I received a replacement very quickly, after a couple of months of use I’m glad to say it works as advertised! Great product and great support after purchase!
Died in 6 months. The section on the base that the cord plugs into is faulty. Update: Anker reached out shortly after this review and shipped me a new one for free. The new one is 100% better. It’s a new design that’s even better than the first one.
First of all, I own a ton of Anker products. Its a brand Ive come to trust for really great products. Sadly, this is not one of them. Had it for less than a day and it is dead. Lasted about 4 hours when I noticed the phone was no longer charging. Checked the power brick and the cable but no joy. Its dead Jim. Id suggest you look a bit further when looking for a wireless charger. Edit: 3-31-18 Its been said, and rightly so, that a company can be judged by the way it handles problems. Anker tops the heap for customer service. This unit died in less than five hours after recieving it on March 29. Withing a couple of hours of posting a 1 star review and writing this unit off as one bad product among MANY Anker products I own, customer service responded with an imeadiate solution. March 31, (Two days later), a new upgraded unit arrived at my door. This started off as a 1 star review of a single product but Im revising to 5 star due the stellar customer service from Anker. Truth is every company has the occasional dud or defective product. The key is how they handle such issues when they happen. Anker Customer Service,,, You Rock!!
Bought for girlfriend. She still left me :(
It takes up very little room and works well. Its a handy device
Hello, this product says it includes a 18 month warranty. My phone keeps on getting hot and for that reason I have to take it off and on. Is there anyway that I can get a refund? Because it clearly stated that this product will keep your device cool. I use a Galaxy S6, so that might be the case. Thank You UPDATED: Given it 5 stars and wish I could give more because of how good the customer service is and instant refund regarding my issue. If I had to give Anker a rating out of 10 I would give it an 11! Very glad and the customer service was amazing! Thank you Anker!
It charges my phone. Would have given 5 stars, but you have to adjust position of phone exactly. My OEM Qi Pad is more forgiving. But hey, half the price, so it is a good deal.
For the price you cant beat these. Work perfectly.
Works great with iPhone 8 Plus with Pelican case. Charges fast.
To be cleared.  I love the replacement.  There was some weird issue with this model but the seller was very helpful in working to resolve the issue.  They ended up sending another version which was wonderful to use without any issue at all. Like wireless charging pad.  Problems with cord is that those iPhone lightning cable doesnt last very long even with Apple original cord last about a year.  This charging pad gotta last me a very long time cause I no longer need to plug it in. I have to admit the charging speed is not as fast as the corded one but you can always manage how often you charge the phone to negate the longer charging time.
Works great. If you ever notice it not getting a charge, check the wire to make sure its fully in and connected. Otherwise Ive had zero issues, works.
Little slow on the charge but it works Update.  As soon as I wrote my review Anker contacted me and upgrades the charger at no extra cost.  The new one works a lot better and I just changed my rating from a 3 to 5. The customer service was amazing and I couldn’t be happier with final outcome.  This is a company that stands behind their products and knows how to treat the customer.
This charger did not work on my Galaxy S6  plus Edge, So ,I sold it to my neighbor who has a kyocera phone and he said it works great.
Slow but it works.
I like the convenience of just putting my phone on the charger.. it makes it much easier at night not having to look for a cord
Works great! I bought this to mount to a phone stand that I made out of Legos a couple years back. Made a few adjustments to the stand, put the charger on, and Wham! Perfect!
The first unit purchased Stopped working after 9-days. Not eligible for return. I was disappointed - but resigned to getting what I paid for. I even left a rather strongly negative review. Then - I was contacted by Anker Customer Service. After some troubleshooting tips it was determined that the original unit was faulty after all. A replacement unit that was a better model was provided free-of-charge. Unbelievably good Customer Service. Perhaps the replacement will fare better - time will tell. I know this much, though:  I Jane never had better Customer Service anywhere. Thank you Anker....,,
Charges way to slow charged for 8 hours percent went up 15%. Charged it on the normal cord went up 15% in 45 min Update, Anker wireless emailed me very quickly because of my one star and sent me a new updated version that now works perfectly. I changed my one star review because of the customer service and how fast they fixed the problem
It works fine, But it flashes light all night either red or blue. Kept me awake., I want to update my review! I was unexpectedly emailed by the seller. Not only did they ask to send me a new version of the charger to test, They were super polite and respectful. I want to say I was not unhappy with the charger it worked great just the light. I look forward to trying the new version and leaving a positive review and feedback.This seller has gone above and beyond to make me happy with my purchase and there product, I would do business with them again. Great repor.
This is such an amazing product. My Nexus 7 would not charge anymore so I learned it was that tablet that after so many times the prong does not allow for it. Its ashamed because the tablet works otherwise, obviously would not without a charge. Found a you tube video reviewing this and decided to try it, its amazing.
Charges well but phone gets very warm. What I HATE is that the usb cable is barely 3 and falls out of the device easily. NOTE:  4/4/2018 - I was contacted by Anker following my initial review and have worked with them.  They sent me a new cord and it fits snugly into the device; it does not fall out as the original one does.  And its longer!  They also sent me a newer model of the pad and I like it too; it has a lower profile, is a little bit larger and does not seem to heat up much.  Thanks to Anker for working on this!
Revised 7-1-18 Last week Anker customer support contacted me and sent me an updated replacement unit (PowerPort Wireless 10 model A2513) free of charge. This unit is slightly larger but thinner and lighter than the original. It also has an array of blue led light around the side edges that glow/blink/or remain off depending on charge status; making it easier to see visually. My tablet now charges up again and does not feel hot to the touch. Im changing to 4 stars for the great customer service and hasslefree replacement but taking away 1 star since the first unit died completely. *** Purchased for Android tablet. Difficult to see charge light once tablet is placed on charger. Gets really hot. Died completely after one year. I purchase alot of Anker products and it seems like their products are declining in quality and durability. Its a shame because they had really nice products and quality before.
nice and sleek design and charges my  iphone 8 plus easily..
I purchased two,;one for my wifes iPhone X and one for my Galaxy S9 Plus. No problems out of the package, it supports each phone well
After a negative experience with the first charger and writing a poor review the Anker Company wrote to me with suggestions on how to get the charger to work properly which did not help so they sent a replacement charger which works great now! They stand behind their product and I am now very pleased. Thank you very much!
Good wireless charger for the price
I’m not a huge fan of the way this product looks, if it didn’t work so great I would give it 2 stars. It looks like those old stupid mug warmers from years that no one used. I wish it was a bit nicer and slicker. If it didn’t have that huge wireless charging logo and it was all black, even that would help. But it really does work great, very easy to use, quick and it’s not weird about the placement of your phone, you put your phone down and it works. It’s so ugly but I would buy it again, plus it’s a great price.
Anker sent a replacement item ... this wireless charge is better . so far no issues and has been charging my phone longer then 2 weeks.
Product works great!
I absolutely love Anker products. I dont buy any other cell phone accessories. These are off the best quality and last the longest. I will always buy Anker products
Found this little puppy on sale and it is the best. Super simple to use. We literally just set our phones on it and it charges them. It charges them at the same rate as a normal charger and the phone seems to hold the charge for  the same time.
Update: The Anker customer service team went above and beyond on this purchase. When I let them know about my issue, they immediately replaced it with a newer version with no hassle. It still charges a little slowly but is much improved. Thanks, Anker! Works well, charges slowly
a gift
Good product but does not work on IPhone 8 and up .
Bought and decided I prefer high speed with a chord vs the simple convenience, but my parents love it so I gave it to them. Works fine.
Works great. No complaints at all.
I love this thing! Worked right out the box brand new. No more fighting with the cable in the morning!
works great
Showed up as expected good product .
I bought this for my iPhone X nightstand as I use wireless charging. Whats nice is that the disk is decently sized. This means its pretty forgiving on matching up the disk with the iPhone X wireless charging band internally. Indicator light isnt too bright so its pretty safe to say it wont bother you while sleeping. Anker makes decent charging products and I wouldnt hesitate to buy another one in the future.
This didn’t work for my device but customer service sorted out a refund.
Excellent performance. Small and seems to charge rapidly using a string wall supply.
Pleasantly surprised by the build quality...  Works great on Apple iPhone 8 & 10
Does a good job wirelessly charging but I will say if you have a case or magnet on your phone the charger has a hard time connecting to the device
Great product so far.
I like the concept, I think the unit I received is defective as after I place my phone on the pad it starts to charge, then about 5 minutes later it turns itself off. It comes back on about 3 minutes after it goes off, and it does this dance most of the night. I actually just came to the reviews to see if this was normal, guess I need to contact Anker... Update: Anker reads their reviews, they contacted me before I could call them. They were so interested in making this right, they sent me a new charging pad immediately. After they sent it out they added useful information that may have contributed to the problem: the wireless charging pads require a 2.4 amp power supply, NOT a generic 1 amp supply that would come with a phone. This is the only reason the review got 4 stars instead of 5 as I feel they should either include one (raise the price a little if need be) or make it obvious (or more obvious) that this is what is required to prevent people from feeling they got a bun product. This works as expected with the right power supply, I love it! Thanks Anker for being a good business to do business with!
So far it is a great purchase!  Very happy with the appearance, functionality, and convenience!  Would definitely purchase again if we turn out to need a second one.
update: 3-15-2018 had to change my 1 star to 5 star since anker stepped up to the plate. since amazon wouldnt allow me to return the item. top notch customer service from anker. anker contacted me to see whats wrong and fix my problem by sending me the anker 5 version, quickly and easy. The Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad works perfectly. thanks anker
I dont know what the deal is but it will only connect for a few seconds Update Anker sent me an email asking about my problem I told them about it and they sent me the new upgraded model and it works as it should I will say there personal service is completely awesome
same as price
Anker products have outstanding quality and I will always use them for my phone cords, USB chargers and wireless chargers. They have excellent customer service and do back their warranties as I unfortunately had to use mine on a different product once. This product itself works very well and is high quality, but has an annoying charging light. I keep my phone in my bedroom at night so why do I want little random light in the middle of darkness? With every Anker product that has a charging light, the easiest fix is a piece of black electrical tape over the light. Problem solved, still always worth the buy. Somewhere in the line of cool tech accessories though, this fell off the boat for me. I appreciate being able to set my phone down and know its charging without having to plug it in, but to do that, I have to take the case off my phone and compromise protection, something I really dont like to do. You also cant pick your phone up to use it when its on the charger, and yes I constantly use my phone so this is a problem. Thats why this device is currently lost somewhere in my house in a moving box and last on my list of things to unpack after a recent move. My Anker USB power cords and wall charger remain by my bed.
amazing!
Love this charger! Using with iPhone X.
Work / every thing good
GREAT PRODUCT
Excellent charger, perhaps a bit small for a Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus, which is what I bought it for, but it works like a charm. Another winner from Anker.
Very basic but no annoying lights and connects very well.
But if your buying this for iPhone X be careful. The charge location is very particular and if you don’t put the phone on exactly right you will wake up with a non charged phone. After having customer service reach out they gracious replaced this model with the charge stand which I more solidly recommend. No issue with the charger and excellent customer service!!!
Works perfectly
This charger works really well.
Easily one of my favorite tech purchases of the year.
good product and working just fine
Works great and simple
I bought this when I got my iPhone 8, been using it ever since. Great cheap wireless charger and haven’t had any problems with it! Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a reliable wireless charger.
I had problem with my first Anker wireless charger. Company was kind to send me another one. The new wireless charger works great! I am really happy about it. Electronic malfunctions happen. So if your wireless charger doesnt work, just call the company. They will fix your problem.
Won’t charge my husband’s iPhone 8. Update: the seller contacted me and offered to send me an updated model. The new one seems to be working fine with my husband’s phone. The customer service with this company is great!
Wanted to be excited but feel like I got screwed over. Just got an iPhone X so I bought this wireless charging pad. I’ve bought other things from naked and found them to be a trustworthy company. This item comes in the mail try to plug it in to multiple outlets nothing works, no lights nothing. I did some research and they neglect to tell you that you need a certain type of plug for this to work?? Really upset and annoyed that I cannot even return this product to get my money back. Thanks a lot anker. Revised comment: after I posted my review anker immediately reached out and offered to send me a new charging pad, when I had told them I already bought a new one to replace the one I had bought the then offered to refund me. Their customer service was amamzing. I received my new charging pad that works great and after a little tinkering I got my original charging pad to work as well. THANK YOU ANKER!
Didnt work with my case but factory worked with me to find one that would.  A great company.
Fantastic. I have these at home. In my office. I will put them in the bathroom someday. Work so well.
We love this! A great price and works wonderfully. Phone get a little hot while charging at times
I am a full Anker fan boy. I love their products, they are super awesome, NEVER had a problem. WHAT I WISH they did though, was to indicate exactly the footprint for the pad. It is kinda small, and you have to pay attention how/where to put the phone. I have a samsung S8 (NOT THE + version) and you must be careful when you put it on. Other than that, works super.
Does what its supposed to, light turns blue to indicate charging, led is small as not to keep you awake at night. The only issue is that the sweet spot to activate charging is small.
Typical good quality as expected from Anker. Charging rate is not very fast, nor is it advertised to be making this an ideal bedside/overnight charger however useless for regular midday charging where time is of the essence.
My iPhone 8 is in a protective cover and this charger is not powerful enough to charge the phone without removing the cover. This totally destroy the convenience value of wireless charging. I bought from Anker before and this was not what I expected. On Amazon, this product was listed as "cannot be returned" which made this worst. But Ankers customer support contacted me after knowing my situation, and offered suggestion to workaround the issue. Knowing that my iPhone cover has a metal in the middle back, it is clear that it will disrupt the inductive charging mechanism despite the fact that the charger is working fine, They agreed to give me a refund and allowed me to keep the charger.  Now thats good customer service!! I will definitely buy from Anker again based on this experience and the peace of mind that I will get a good product and service.
I love the charging disk. I have a 3d printer and I was able to print a stand that the charger fits in nicely. I bought 2 of them, but one was defective. I had a new one is just a couple of days.  Thank you for the great customer service.
Works well, but sometimes it’s quirky and doesn’t charge. When that happens, my phone feels hot. So I’m not sure if it’s the temp threshold and has now shut off...
I ordered the Anker Wireless Charger for my 4 phones thinking that it would be so easy to charge. When they didnt work i contacted customer service to find out that none of my phones had wireless charging built in ( so make sure yours dose before ordering because its not the product but your phone). They immediately write back and returned my money to my account. Great customer service. I would definitely order from them in the future.
Everything I buy from Anker looks and works great - every time. I have a few different types of Qi chargers from them and some bluetooth speakers... all great!
Good wireless charger but does NOT support "FAST charging". I would prefer the wireless charger sold by Samsung. I will say however that I am a huge fan of Anker products in general. **UPDATE** I was contacted by ANKER customer service and was sent a replacement charging pad that absolutely exceeds my expectations! The new charging pad not only supports "FAST charging" but it is very slim, has a great no slip texture, and has pretty cool LED lighting around the edges that lets you know when your device is charging/charged etc. As I stated in my original review, I am a huge supporter of ANKER products and will continue to buy from them!
Works good, with the metal plate on the back cover of my phone I have to position the phone perfectly to get this to charge it.  But on the plus side, the metal plate never gets too hot,  the way my samsung wireless charger does.  Overall good, as advertised.
Charges the phone well, but I have trouble with the connector coming loose, constantly having to reinsert it, pushing it in hard.  Thinking about epoxying it. Turns out Anker’s representatives read my review and reached out to me, eventually sending me a later revision, which no longer has the problem with becoming disconnected easily and which also has a better feel, plus LED lights to indicate it is connected.  I did not mind the first one, except for the disconnection, but I LIKE this one.
Pretty awesome for the price
I like it. It’s small and mobile. Does the job even with my case on. Don’t know if charging is fast cause I only charge my iphone 8+ when I go to bed. It doesn’t get hot or stick to the pad. I did buy a 10w amazon plug to go with it cause it didn’t come with one.
I Love this!! It works great!! Would buy again!!! You will love the convienance of this charger!!
Works well with an iPhone X. A little fussy in that the placement of the phone has to be fairly exact. Like all of these I have tried I use a little black duct tape to cover the light.
Outstanding.  Throw it down, hear the ding, phone gets charged. Not rocket science, works great with the Lifeproof on the phone.
Update: I was contacted by the company and was made aware that by using the iPhone charger base that the product would not be at its full potential. I am looking into buying a different charging base. I will move this up to 4 stars since customer service was so nice at getting back to me. I am sad to give my first 3 star review but here is why. So this is a great product but the reason I’m giving it 3 stars is because it takes soooo long to charge my phone. I recently just bought the new iPhone 8 (love it btw) and I am used to charging it the conventional way through the lightning cable but decided, hey, I’m going to see how this wireless charging feature works. So once I received the charger I put it to the test right away. I was getting ready for bed and my phone was at around 30% and I put it on top of the charger and went to bed. When I woke up the next morning around 8 am the phone was not completely charged. It was at 90%. Usually when i plug it in at night and wake up in the morning it’s fully charged; it was on the charger for about 7 hours (more than enough time). Long story short, it’s a great charger but in my mind it didn’t do what I thought it would do.
I got this for an iPhone 8+.  It works great.  Phone has a plastic case and there is no problem charging through the case.  I havent had any problems getting the phone to line up with pad, a problem I read about with other chargers.  I just drop the phone on the pad and it beeps to let me know it is lined up.
This is so cool. It charges my phone just from being placed on it. I use it in my office so I can set my phone down and pick it up when I go somewhere. No need to worry about cables being plugged in or bent which I have done.
This is just amazing I really recommend this product !!
We purchased the charger and at first experienced issue with intermittent charging “However” after taking to customer support and re-reading the instruction info I purchased a 5 volt 2 amp charger an tried it and currently it works great. Chargers below the required v/amp may cause problems and  support noted that and it had resolved the issue
Very impressive little charger. Perfect for my nightstand table. Im no longer restricted by a short cable if I want to look at my phone while in bed.
Bought one wireless charger, was surprised to see the mini wireless charger and liked the two small lights. Anker brings out the best. Keep it up Anker.
Put your phone on the pad and it charges.... simple!
Just like all other anker products.  Plug it in and it works.  It seems well built and I expect it to last a long time.
Works fine with an iPhone 8. Typical good build quality as expected from an Anker product. Shame that its got the ugly art on top, if it was just plain black would be five stars.
Worked good
I purchased a Morphie Juice Pack Air for my iPhone 7 Plus on Amazon and wanted to charge the phone wirelessly instead of using wires, but did not want to spend another $40 on the charging base.  I was concerned that this charger would not charge the case so I contacted the seller through Amazon.  Within a few hours Anker answered my email (Excellent customer support) and informed me that the case would charge the Morphie case.  I purchased this case for less than $14 and it works very well.  The case is on the small size so in order to charge the i Phone7 Plus you have to make sure that the phone is sitting exactly in the middle of the case (the blue light turns on).  After that just leave the phone sitting on the charger overnight and in the morning the iPhone and the external battery are fully charged. For less than $13 as opposed to $40, Ill make make sure the iPhone is properly sitting on the base. Bottom line, YES!  I recommend this case to anyone looking for an alternative to charging the Morphie case.  Oh! and did I mention that Anker has Outstanding customer service?  They do!
Works as well as the higher priced chargers.
product as stated
My nexus 7 charging port fried so I reached and went for wireless charging, and it works great with no hassle.
I do like it, but i dont really use it for fast charging. I put it on my stand overnight and charge it. The reason I recommend this is because of the wire. In past memory, the way I would use my phone at night or charge it overnight ended up breaking a lot of the wires. This way, the wire doesnt get pulled or tightened at all. :)
Works well!
Works great.  Thanks
Works well charging my wireless Tumi moto mod battery for my Moto Z Force.
I purchased this charger as a backup for home after purchasing the official Samsung wireless charger to keep at work. Ive always been a big fan of Anker products, since their products are always packaged so nicely and seem to be super high quality. This charger does everything its advertised to do, but it is a bit on the small side compared to the Samsung charger. Considering I only use this one while my phone charges at night, Im not overly worried about the size. It does take a few tries to get my phone positioned properly, but other than that, I couldnt be more pleased - especially for the price.
I like it but am slightly concerned. It has worked well for most of the time but I have this on the side of my bed to charge overnight, and woke up to it being extremely hot as well as my phone the other night. It has only happened once but it still makes me nervous.
Works on Samsung Galaxy 6 edge plus.
Does its job and works well with my Lumia 920. Just have to actually line up the charger and the phone a few times.
Better than plugging in you phone. Works great for me just set my phone on top and wake up in the morning to fully charged phone. Also work with the case I have on my phone which is Spigen Tough Armor Galaxy S7 Case with Extreme Heavy Duty Protection and Air Cushion Technology for Samsung Galaxy S7 2016 - Black.
This charger is simply amazing. My toddler is obsessed with my phone so I didn’t want to use a traditional charger in fears my son might yank the wire out of the outlet or better yet put the charger wire in his mouth. This charger is amazing because I just put my phone down on top of it and it starts to charge... no fuss, worries or annoying wires. What I really love about this charger is that it can charge my phone while it’s still in the case. The price was great. The one thing I did notice is that it is smaller than other wireless charger, my husband has one by a different company but his is larger. I actually prefer mine better.
Works fine. Full charge about 3.5 hrs for I phone 8.
This charger is pretty small. I prefer our square one because I can line my phone up easier. This I have to move around until I see the light.
Bought a wireless charger, which stopped working the first few days. Anker was able to replace it very quickly, no questions asked!
sometime, if the eccentricity is set, my the iphone not be charged
Fast charging
The cable it comes with was just not strong to stay in position when its set down. I recommend that if you get this, find a stronger cable to use in place of the one provided, if it doesnt stick of course. UPDATE: The replacement product worked as youd expect... Perfectly. The only quarrel I have is the fact that theres a certain area of the phone that has to be on the pad. Im sure apple will fix that later but for now, it works like a charm.
Cheap, but it works great!  I’ll probably buy 2-3 more to just have around!
Love it. its small, charges well and just looks great overall. Charges at a decent rate for my iphone 8+. indicators for charging is a great feature. About a week after my first purchase it suddenly stopped work out of thin air. Tried troubleshooting it myself (going on anker website and trying to figure out happened, and trying out different micro usb cables) and ended up calling them directly to see what could be done. They were nice enough to send me a replacement one no charge, and after about a month of waiting nothing happened and I never got to see it. all of this happening while I am communicating with one of their representatives and they were generous enough to even send me ANOTHER one. the second one came within a few days, which made me happy. 5 stars because although the first one pooped out in a week, their customer service rep took great care of me, and was always responding timely, and made sure I was happy all the time.
Husband absolutely loves this. It charges well and we havent had any problems.
Item was delivered quickly by Amazon (as usual), but it seems as if the item is not functioning correctly. Firstly, it takes a lot of time to load the IPhone fully. I didnt stop the time, but it feels like 4-5 hours at least. Secondly, sometimes it is not loading at all, although the IPhone is indicating battery loading, which is particularly frustrating when it happens over night and you wake up with an empty phone. For the price not acceptable, but as it works for 98% of the time 2 stars still. Update 01/29/2018 Got feedback from Anker, and apparently the charger works best with a 5V 2A charger, while I was using a 5W charger. Using the 2A charger worked better and I havent had any issues since then.
This product works very well as a standalone charger. Does it "fast charge" like a USB cable? No it does not. Does it charger faster than some USB bank? Absolutely. I think the best use for this is when you want to charge it, but dont want to walk upstairs and charge it near your desk near your bed. Everybody charges their phone at night right besides them on a table/desk. This device you can just plug it in and put it on your work desk, book shelf, kitchen, etc and just charge away at your leisure. It is SMALL, like a pop can would probably barely fit on it. So with a phone like a Samsung Note 5 it will stick off a bit, but who cares. I didnt buy it because I wanted a 6x6 inch device to lay it on. Should you buy it? Absolutely. It is a good charger that works as a nice charge boost while your watching TV or studying for a exam. Quality product and design. Not cheaply made IMO.
Great charger. Works perfectly. Wish it was a little bigger. I use this all the time at work. Huge anker fan.
Works perfectly. The only issue I have with it is you have to place the phone in the exact position for it to start charging... by the time you have done that I couldve plugged it in...
It worked a few times but wasnt really charging the phone. But they are awesome they send me a new one for free in no time and this one works great.
Great little wireless charger, especially for the price.  Works well with my new Apple iPhone 8.  Even works through my thick leather case.  Impressive.  Wish the base was a little bigger, but its exactly as stated and works well.  Appreciate the led light on the side that changes from red to blue if its charging, helps you ensure you have the phone laying on the charger correctly.  Like all Anker products Ive purchased, packaging is top notch and very professional looking.  Product is built well.
Charges slowly, but it works ok
Great charger. This one works with my case still on my phone. Also I dont need it to be a fast charger since this is what I use at home on the night stand.
This charger lasted 3 months and died. We are very disappointed in this product. UPDATE: I was contacted by their customer service department and they provided a replacement charger. So far so good.
I read so many good reviews,  I had to get this. Its so easy to use, and works perfectly.  I think Im going to get another one to keep at work. I had an issue with my first one,  the cord wasnt staying in,  but customer service was AMAZING.  They were fast, courteous and very helpful.  Thank you!!
Slow to charge
Great charger.  Works great at the office.
Charges fast, works with thick otter box cases, doesnt come with wall adapter, which is why its so cheap, but I have several of those. Expect some great build up, thats a function of wireless charging. The only down side is that I use it at night on the bed side and the led is really bright.
Unfortunately, it doesnt work thru my phone case.  That was my fault for not reading.  Before I had my case, it worked like a champ!
User friendly rubber pad on the bottom stabilizes the charger on my desk. Small size is great because, professionalism. Nice looking when my cell is not on it, too. Just learn where the sweet spot is and it charges perfectly. Charges thru my protective case just fine. Have several Anker products, and they are always superior and well worth the few dollars extra in function, design and user friendliness.
Great product, quick shipping, as advertised
had mine now for years. works fine. theres a little red light to tell its getting juice, and a blue light to tell you the phone is charging.
works like it says
Right out of the box it worked as promised.  I am able to charge my nexus 7 which has a bad charger port.  As a bonus it also charges my Samsung  phone through the case.  A very handy gadget.
This is my first wireless charger. I was looking for something compact, simple and not expensive for my new LG G6. And of course I didnt want something cheap quality. I own a few things from Anker and havent had a problem with them so I bought this little guy.  It has two lights in the front to indicate if its working or not. I cant remember what stands for what but Red means its ready and Blue means its charging. So thats simple. This DOES NOT come with a charging brick. It just has the charger and a USB cable. Tfw I realize that I didnt read that part but luckily I had a spare fast charging cable from my old phone. So far Im happy with it. I keep it on my desk at work to charge up during the day. If youre looking for a nice, decently priced qi charger, I highly recommend. (Grande Starbucks cup for scale)
Reading some of the reviews had me worried about buying this and Im glad I didnt listen to them. This pad works great. I havent had any trouble putting my Nexus 6 on the pad without it charging and my smartwatch easily lays on it to charge. I also havent noticed a massive charge time to charge my phone. Its going on be slower than my turbo charger and think thats why a lot of people think its slow. I waited to get one of these because the Nexus 6 doesnt play nice with wireless charging. Glad I picked it up.
Difficult to get your phone in the right place to charge.
It serves its purpose, although it does take a very long time to charge my Note5
Works perfectly as advertised with my Nexus 5. Can take a bit of alignment with larger phones or tablets.The indicator light turns blue when the phone is on the charger, which is a nice touch. Its very useful to have on my desk so I can pick up my phone to check notifications without dealing with the cable.
A little slow to charge but good deal for the price.
Works well with my Motorola Droid Turbo 2.  Nice sleek design.
I have never owned a wireless charger before so Im not sure if this happens in all of them but for this wireless charger Ive gotta put my phone(galaxy s7) in a certain way before it reads it and charges the device. This can become rather annoying! UPDATE: So I apparently was putting my phone in a wrong way and through Ankers customer service they have enlightened me on how to do it. Awesome product and awesome customer service support!
Amazing anker has the best stuff and at the price point I bought 3. You can leave case on and charge.
Awesome
Works beautifully, very nice for me working at the shop. I have to pick up my phone often at work to take with me in customer cars in the event of an accident or break down, and can work on up to 20 cars a day, my battery really cant keep up with everything I ask of it all day, and plugging it and unplugging it from a usb charger is only going to destroy the port. This was an awesome solution.
Got this at a great price point and have been using it daily ever since. Intended for my husbands phone, but it charges several other phones in the house as well.  Well worth it.
i like the convenience of using ths.  however, i was not aware it was going to put ads on my phone everytime i charge it.
Good value buy
Compact and doesnt have bright flashy lights. Wireless charging is great!
Its ok, as the 3 star rating suggests. It works perfectly fine, but since it is only one coil (i think), i have to make sure i line up my phone perfectly on to it. other than that, its great. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and replaced the wireless charger with an updated model that is bigger and fixes the issue I spoke about previously.
I use it in my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and it works good. No issues so far.
You might need to adjust the phone slightly to find the perfect spot that works, but at most this takes 2 tries. Well worth it for the price. Charges fully overnight. iPhone 8
Works just as promised. Great charger.
FURTHER UPDATE-- Anker reached out and replaced pad with a larger one.  this one works much better! Update— after living with this for several months, I’ve adjusted the review down. It requires too precise placement and too frequently doesn’t charge because it is a hair off center. Too troublesome and not worth the effort.  I’m tired of waking up to a dead phone. I bought a different wireless charger because this is more trouble than it’s worth. I’d skip it. Works really well but you have to have it placed in the exact right spot. If you’re off by a hair it won’t charge at all. This is somewhat annoying in practical use. But it does work well when it is on the right spot. Good value at Black Friday sale price.
my first charger I bought did not work , I wrote a review and they sent me a personal email offering to upgrade my charge for free of charge and sent it to me . The new one works great . Thank you !
Works great. Does not work with iphone 6 (i believe). Works great with Samsung 7 and above. Works through most cases, just make sure to align the battery and the charger properly.
My Note 8 has an easy time finding the charging spot. Side mounted LEDs provide an immediate Go/No-Go indication.
Got this for my wifes iPhone X as a stocking stuffer.  She was excited and it works great.  Just a tip:  Make sure you are at lease using an 2A adapter for best charging results.  Anything less will not charge as well, full, or fast.  So that is something to watch for as this is not the fault of the charger but the adapter you use.
We have two, One in my shop, One at home.  Great
works great! using it on a Iphone 8+ with an otterbox defender case on it.
Plug easily falls off constantly... you also have to play with the phone to get it to connect by sliding it slightly up and down until it beeps. 1/7/18 Update - customer service reached out and proactively sent me a replacement that works great! Thank you.
So far it works very well.  Good purchase and would buy again.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas and the charger doesn’t work well and the thing got so hot we thought it might get start a fire so we packed the thing back up. Update: so I have to say that Anker Customer service is superb. I bought this product that was defective and Anker took the initiative to discover the issue and make it right. I’m still waiting on the replacement charger to arrive so I cannot speak to the quality of that, but dealing with Anker has been a breeze.
Had this for over a year and still charges my Samsung Galaxy Edge fine!
Really small but it works.
This is the easiest charging device Ive ever used!  I had purchased one for my desk at work, and when my charging cable at home bit the dust recently (due to an over ambitious cat), I purchased another for home. I plugged it into the USB port on the AC plug from the original charging cable, put it on my nightstand, and set my phone (Samsung S7) on it. It immediately signals the charging phase, and charges *almost* as fast as the regular charging cable. And by "almost", I mean there is maybe a half hour difference in time. I highly recommend this product!
Works very well and charges at a good speed! Just make sure you align your phone properly over it to charge.
***anker contacted me after initial review and provided an upgraded replacement. Excellent customer service****
This saved 2 nexus 7 tablets from recycling that I had given up on trying to fix the Nexus 7 charging issues, saw a video on YouTube that turned me on to this solution, this saved me over $300 (the cost of repairing both tablets).
Expectations far exceeded! I love this and do not regret buying!
perfect
Another great product from Anker!  I love that I can just lay my phone down and walk away.  My son has also ruined his charging port on his phone so now I dont have to worry about his phone not charging correctly from not laying in the right position when having it plugged into the cable.  I would definitely purchase this again
Works just as fine as any of the more expensive ones. Anker strikes again with some of the best cheap electronic accessories.
Arrived in two days and works great.  Very happy with product.
Arrived quickly.  Performs very well for Android.
I have a Galaxy S6 smartphone and like so many owners got the Samsung wireless charger. The Samsung unit at least half the time will lose contact with the phone during charge. After weeks of using this Anker model, it has never ONCE lost contact. I have noticed EVERYTHING Anker makes is Apple quality or better!
only gripe i have is that the light is a little bright at night but tape fixes that.
Works great with no issues. I even have a slim case on my phone and the wireless charging still works!
Wife loves it
Nice charger. Goes great with my Anker power pack to charge at work or on the go. The charging area is pretty small so you do have to get the sweet spot.
Works just as advertised!
The charging port went out on my Droid Turbo 2, so instead of buying a new phone, I bought this wireless charger to see if it would work to charge instead. For the price I thought that it would be worth a shot. It works great! I had no phone for a couple of weeks while working through this problem. I am so glad that I have a phone now. I have been using it for about a week now and it charges perfectly fine. I hope to see this product work long term until a phone that I want comes out.
Phone needs to be positioned perfectly for it to charge.  I think there is a newer model that charges faster.  I like it and use it everyday, so I cant say anything bad about it. It would be neat if the light that indicated it was charging was a little brighter (or was a different color when it wasnt charging), so I have a positive confirmation that it is working.
Excellent product!
Nice and small and works well for my iPhone 7!
charges well, through otterbox commuter for GS7. (has to be positioned a certian way for otterbox, about midway, whereas without a case it charges about anywhere. the pad is small, so the phone is sort of balancing and can be flipped over like a teeter totter if you are asleep and hit it. I wanted a pad that the phone fully fits on, so you set it down and it charges no matter what. Thats the only reason it loses a point. Also, the charger is not very fast. Its an overnight charger for sure. If I wanted to be really sure that it charged, (like going on a trip), I would not use this beforehand, in case it wasnt positioned correctly.
Excellent
Works as advertised.  Wish it charged a little faster, but thats to be expected with wireless charging.
Works really well. Small LED shows if the phone is setting properly on the device.
I had one already it worked so well Ibought another for my bed room. Great product!
Doesnt charge as fast as cable connected but of your phone gets wet and shuts down the usb you can still charge from this. I tend to want to use my phone while charging it and it just isnt convenient when it has to stay on the charging puck.
Speedy charger. It is a good size and charges my phone quickly. I would buy it again
Very easy to hook up and use. It is not a fast charger, but does the job.
Works great! Much better than paying $70 at Verizon.
Works great
It works as designed and I feel good using this product also because Anker is synonymous of quality. One small complain but I noticed its an issue with Samsung phones, with a bumper case unless you center perfectly the phone on top of the charger it may not start to charge.  Long story short, do you use bumper codes on a Samsung phone? Easy, remove the phone from the case before charging.
So fat so good
The charger works great. I love being to just set my phone down and have it charge without having to search for the plug. *Note: The phone has to be taken out of any protective case because it will not charge with the case on.
Love them, and they work great.  Fairly fast charge.  Sometimes takes a little to position phone correctly on it to make the connection to charge, but great value. Glad I bought 2.
Anker seems to be one of the more trustworthy cheap electronics sellers, so I thought I would try wireless charging despite previously giving up after reading so many bad reviews. They claim this has overheat protection, which must be necessary as other chargers I read about burned up peoples phones. I am glad I tried, as I leave my phone in one place at home most of the time, and now I can just rest it on this. Always charged, and if I need to pick up the phone, its not tied to the wall. And when I put it back down, I dont have to put on my glasses, open up the flap in my case, and plug in that tiny connector.
Great product and great value
I only wish for and off button or a led less standby, it is an annoying red led on to have on your night stand why you try to sleep, plus I have an smart usb adapter that never shutdown the led light because it permanently send power to keep the redlight (I know that I could just un plugit on every use but that is how I broke my phone usb port and the reason why I got this wireless charger..)
This product is a great replacement to a normal phone charger if you have a cell phone that supports wireless charging. The product will shine a red light when the phone is placed on the charging pad incorrectly and a blue light to indicate when the phone is correctly being charged. My only complaint with this product is that the charger is slightly small so it is a little difficult sometimes to find the correct placement for the phone to get the device charging.
UPDATE! Thank you for your quick response and resolve! I’ll definitely shop w you again! This charger came on time but it is so small. It takes forever to charge my iPhone 8. ...and because it is so small, you have to place your phone on it just right or you’ll wake up the next morning with no charge. Because of that, I came out disappointed.  Very small and slow to charge. Huge issues in my book.
Works perfectly.  Even with a slim case in place! The rubberized trim keeps the phone in place.
Great product for the price! Not the fastest charger but gets the job done!
Works great with my daughters iPhone 8. Takes the same amount of time to charge as her cord that came with the phone!
Exactly as advertised, compact and easy to use.  Charges iPhone X beautifully.
Charges great, no issues there.  At no point does the phone or charger get hot that I can tell.  My only slight issue is the charging indication lights are way too bright and wake me up!  I sliced up a small piece of black electrical tape to cover up the lights and Im good to go.  Id give this 4.5 stars if it were possible.
(Advertised for S8 but is NOT compatible).  My error it works perfectly fine with my S8
Works great with Galaxy phones. It doesnt come with the power brick plug. So use as replacement to existing setup or get power brick as well.
Doesnt seem to work with Apple Watch Series 2. Anker saw my review, promptly responded and organised a refund.Good work guys.
Arrived and it wouldn’t charge my new phone. Contacted Anker and they shipped me a brand new one that worked! They were very responsive and helpful!
Edit: Anker saw my previous review and immediately contacted me about a replacement. They quickly mailed out a new one to me and it works great! Excellent customer service! I received this charger as a Christmas gift for my IPhone X. I love the Anker brand as I have several other products they make but this wireless charger is awful. It will only work for about 30 minutes and then shuts off. I have to unplug it and wait a few minutes then plug it back in and the process starts all over. It just won’t work! I was so excited to use this product too but I’m so disappointed.
Replacement product works great.
****Update....the seller sent me a new updated charging pad. And it works great.  Thanks for the great customer service.  Old review - The mini usb didn’t stay connect to charger.  Always had to wiggle it just to get red light on.
Keep it plugged in in the consol and no need to fumble with a usb cable
Good
Its work perfect for me. It nice and fast charging
This works perfectly with my Samsung note 4. I had to buy the case that supports wireless charging. Ive had no problems with this charger. Worth every penny
Best charger that I have found.  Anker is a trusted and quality provider of charging and cables.
Absolutely love it!  Will probably purchase more soon.
It was a lot smaller than I expected. But it works really well.
Really works like a charm. So easy too.
I trust Anker with all products, as they stand behind everything they sell. I bought 2 of these and they are great. Always chanrge my LG and Samsung devices without issue.
Works great!
Rubberized on both sides
Just right. Works well. Not in the way. Save your phone buttons.
You need this for your desk.  Wireless charging is an excellent feature and all phones should have it.
Charges quickly, synced right to the phone.
Works great
Great charger, works through a pretty thick case as well.  Always trust Anker Products for quality.
Seems to work really well. Only downfall is it is a slow charge.
Works very well.
Works :)
This charger works great!
Awesome product! Delivered as promised. My phone is currently sitting on the charger on my desk.My charger port was starting to get a little touchy so I finally decided to give wireless charging a try, and I am happy with the results!
Great
It works!
Have been using this for a few weeks now. Works as expected - no problems so far.
Working great using the basic wall unit from Apple.
Outstanding product at a great price!
It works well (Samsung Note 5), better than the Samsung Qi charger. Only complaint: it leaves the phone a little warm.
works well, small and portable.
First time using a wireless charger, works well on my Galaxy S7 even with a case still on. Only drawback is that it doesnt do/support Samsung QuickCharging.
Works very well and is easy to center.  I have a S7 edge and when you put it on correctly the phone gives a tone, you see a blue circular "wave" coming out from the center of the screen to the edge and it will say fast charging.  Had it since June 2016 and never a problem with it.  Leave it on the charger at bedtime and it stays at 100% until I take it off. Works through my case but as other reviewers have said make sure your case isnt too thick or you will have to take it off to charge.  Charges about 1% per minute so from dead to 100% in less than 2 hours.
Used to extend the life of my Nexus 4 when the charging port went bad.  Sometimes it takes a few attempts to get the phone on the right spot to charge, but not too hard.
I gave this to my wife as a present... it is now her bedside glass coaster... :(  For some reason she does not like to use it, something like if it is not on the right place it wont charge, or be too slow.  Whatever the reason, it became one expensive coaster...  Probably more us than the product, as it does charge fine if used properly.
Works as well as I thought it should. This being my first experience with a wireless charge I am very happy. The phone (Galaxy S7) not real particular about how it sets on the charger as it starts charging immediately. It does have a case on the phone as well and its not a problem. I set it on at night and when I wake in the morning its 100% charged. Good charger..
Works great.
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.  Had to find a USB cable to get it to work. The one that came with it didnt work. Not even direct to phone. Tried the one that came with my phone and worked great.  Charges through my otterbox
I have an s7 with a UAG 12m drop case on it and it charges with no issues.
The perfect size to throw in your backpack or purse to take with you. This is especially helpful when your phone has decided to only charge by wireless!
Works great with my Note 5!
Works great with my Galaxy S7 (I have a thin case on it).
I bought as a gift to my son . He Ioves it
Love love love this! So easy and convenient. All you have to do is plug it in & put your phone on it. Best purchase Ive made in a long time!!
Didnt work for my phone.
Arrived on time, brand new. It works great. I have an otterbox defender case for my Samsung 6, and i have to work it alittle to get it to charge thru the case, but it does. I would have given it a 5, but the blue charging light is so bright at night, i have to put something over it....but other than that its great.
Works great!
Such an amazing device. Bought this for my Galaxy S6 Edge and works beautifully with it. Excellent purchase especially at that price.
All Anker products are awesome, this is no exception.
Charges my phone even through an Otterbox case. Not to bulky and charges fast. Can be a little tricky placing the phone but I think thats just my phone.
Works just as expected. The only issue is you have to remove your case for it to work.
I use this to charge my moto 360 and samsung s5 works well never had problem. It also has indicator lights that show you if the device is charging or not. It universal so works with pretty much any product that has wireless charging.
I keep this by my desk at work and charge my Galaxy S7 all day when I am sitting there. Great construction, looks neat, and works perfectly. I paid a bit more for this over other cheap charging pads for the main reason that it was made by Anker. When I have the option to purchase their products, I always do as they are a wonderful value for the price. I have never had a bad experience with their products. Would highly recommend this item to anyone looking to make their life easier and use wireless charging.
I carry this qi charger around in my work bag and charges my iPhone X at work. I guess charge times are ok but I usually rest it on my desk and forget about it until I pick it up again. Always charging.
I love a good wireless charger. This isnt one of them. I want expecting the charger to be great, but I cant give this a great, honest review. I had the charger on a surface that was slightly uneven and my phone would slide right off the charger. Also, when I could get the phone to stay on the charger, the thing was incredibly slow to charge. Tip; dont put a magnet on your phone if you intend to charge with this charger. It will actually lower your battery power instead of charging. I had one on my phone for my magnetic car mount.  Even when I took the magnet off, the charger was miserably show. I love the Anker brand, but this charger was not a good idea. *** UPDATE 1/8/2018*** Anker reached out to me regarding my disappointment with my purchase. They offered me the upgraded version of this charger and I must say it works SO MUCH BETTER!!! The upgraded charger has a slightly bigger base and is perfect for sitting on my desk at work for when I need my phone to charge, but dont need it to charge up immediately. The charging power on this charger must be stronger than the last one. My phone (iPhone 8+) doesnt slide off the charging plate with this one either. I am fully satisfied with the upgraded charger. Thank you Anker for righting this disappointment. I changed the rating from 2 - 5 due to Anker quickly responding to me during the whole process of my disappointment with the original product and quickly getting a new unit to me free of charge. Excellent customer service from Anker and a much better product the second time around. Here is a link to the upgraded device Anker kindly sent me: https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Wireless-Charging-Provides-Fast-Charging/dp/B01KJL4XNY/ref=pd_rhf_pe_p_img_5?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=7HYXCEWTY6W4Q0MAXRT8
Nothing could be easier. Once the charger is plugged in, all you have to do is set your phone on the platform so that the light changes to blue.
Like it a lot, works well, wish it were a little larger.
Awesome charger. Have used it for the iPhone X and I love it.
Just as promised
--Update--------------------- Actual item purchased was the version that included the power adaptor https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Wireless-Charging-PowerPort-Charger/dp/B01IURWPHK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1499295592&sr=8-1&keywords=Anker+Wireless+Charging+Pad+PowerPort+Wireless+With+12W+Wall --------------------------------- I have been using this for some time at the office and it has been working beautifully. I have gotten used to the placement and it became second nature for use on my desk. That said... recently I noticed a burning smell coming from the charging pad. I unplugged it and put in with Anker for an RMA. I was presently surprised with the RMA experience. I had written a fairly detailed letter explaining the situation and send a photo of the back of the device and a screen shot of my Amazon invoice. Anker support responded with an e-mail advising me that they were shipping out an updated version (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01N06CHQ0) and requested as a courtesy that I return the defective product using the return label so they could investigate the root cause for the sake of product development. As of now, I have the replacement product which works beautifully with both my S8+ and S7 edge and does not have any issues with placement on the pad. I actually received the replacement before I shipped off the defective product. I will definitely shop Anker first in the future. ------------------------------------------------------------------ --- Original Review 3 stars ------------------------------------------------------------------ I also purchased a wireless charger (TechMatte 3 Coil Qi Wireless Charging Pad) that was rectangle in shape and large enough to encompass the entire phone which worked much better. the biggest problem with this one is it is a little more finicky about where the device sits in relation to the battery in your phone. (Galixy s7). Its not a major issue but a few more bucks to not have to think about how I set down my phone is worth it.
Excellent solution. I tough mi daughter tables was death because the USB Charger connector did not work anymore. (ASUS). This was the easiest and cheapest solution. Make sure our model is compatible before buy it.
This was awesome. It has lasted and performed solidly for a really long time. Actually what makes these even more than awesome is that I misplaced this on an out of town trip and I couldnt find anything within its caliber or price range in 5 hardware stores, 3 big box stores or any computer stores. Well worth it!
This was a gift. EXCELLENT gift and so easy to use.
exccelent, very fast charger
This charger works well with my LG G6 even with a case though you do have to place it exactly in the right spot or it p wont charge
Works as advertised and use every day.
Takes a bit to find the correct way to place your phone. The first week I had a few incomplete charges. No problems this last month. This has been a life saver after breaking the charging port.
Works great, doesnt charge quite as fast as the samsung brand, but is good for the price.
Bought this because I needed a spare/travel charger for my Fossil Founder 1.0 watch and Fossil has discontinued their charger.  Ive used this on to charge the watch through several daily cycles and it is performing perfectly.  Lights on the side indicate ready to charge, charging, fully charged, and incompatible device.  Ive seen the first three, but fortunately, not the last one.  :-)
good for the price, not a go to charger if you need a quick charge fast. very convinient.
Works great!
Arrived quickly, charger functions as promised. Just make sure your device is Qi enabled before you purchase.
charges my Lumia 950 pretty slow
works well, easy set up
Anger always has high quality products, never been dissatisfied.
Really great wireless charging.  My phone a galaxy s6 (a phone with a horrible battery) needs constant recharging, nice to be able to just place it on top of the Anker Wireless at work and not worry about wires etc.  Anker seems to always make quality products.
Does a good job of charging my Nexus 6 with a case.  Not as fast as the wall charger the phone came with, but I didnt expect it to be.
Excellent you save time with wireless charger
It works perfectly. Only thing to pay attention to is to center the phone. The charger works through a plastic case. My phone is a retrofitted Note 4.
Flawless
Works Great
It works really well - drop my Samsung Galaxy 7 edge on it and it starts to charge. Staus lights on the charger let me know at a glance what the condition of the charge is. The little puck is solid and low profile. Its priced well and Anker makes good stuff.
Confused as to why it will charge my Samsung Galaxy S6 but NOT my friends Droid 2. Please provide me with instructions
Charger works great.
Love it
Charges just fine.  Nice to set it down and not plug it in.
Works fine. Happy with it, except the blue led is crazy bright.
works fine
Charging pad works exactly as I expected. It would be nice if it was a little bigger so you didnt have to figure out where the coil in the phone is but its not really a problem with the product.
I had issues with the original unit I bought (It stopped charging after about 5 months) So I originally gave it a 2 star rating. I received an E-mail the next day from their customer service inquiring about the unit I purchased and received a new unit at no cost to myself and am up and running.   Just was really impressed by the way the whole process was handled and will definitely be recommending and purchasing other products from Anker.   I would also like to thank Ariel from customer service who handled my claim and made it the easiest return\replacement process Ive ever had. Tell your boss you deserve a raise.
The product is easy to set up and use, and has worked well since I received it in 3 months ago. Just dont expect it to recharge as quickly as a wired connection!
Works perfect! Love it!
Works as expected.  I like that it turns itself off when the phone is fully charged.  You do have to have the right back for your phone to make it work.
Works  great.
Works great even with my unicorn beetle case which is rather thick. Charges quickly and convenient to use.
Use it to charge my phone on my bedstand.  Works better than I expected but I do understand the limitations of my n5 wireless charging.  Small enough to be used while walking with a battery pack although you do loose some efficiency then
Works as expected.
Fast connection and the no slip surface is the right thing
This wireless charger charges quickly and makes it much easier than having to plug in the phone each time. Just lay it down and go about your business without the hassle.
Ive only had this charger for a few days, but I love it. Works great, and charges my phone well, even with the case on. It is a bit slower than I am used to, but I had grown dependent on the fast charge feature with my Samsung wired charger. Overall Im very happy with this purchase.
Im sure this is a fine product but it doesnt really work with current leather Caseolgy cover I am using. I intend to replace cover for S7 since the rubber lip makes it impossible to type p & 0 as well as other constrictions. Cant go without a cover-too clumsy.
I’ve always liked Anker products for their quality and value. Before buying this charger for my iPhone8, I never had to contact them. They did a follow up email and I complained I was going to return it because it was slow and would not fully charge my phone.  A few suggestions and questions followed in emails then an offer to send me a new charger. The replacement was timely and up to Anker standards. It fully charges my phone through the clear case. I can leave the phone on the pad all night without it overheating. Thanks, Anker!
Works  as expected.  I use for charging overnight because it is NOT a fast charger.  Charges just like a Samsung one.
I would suggest going with the newer model, . I had some issues with these, they would intermittently stop charging at night.  Anker, as always, had fantastic customer support and accepted the returns and sent us replacements extremely fast!  I will always pick them for my accessories whenever possible due to excellent products and in the rare instance when needed, exceptional customer service.
I use this charger with my Samsung Galaxy S6 every night. Works as advertised. It sits on my night stand and I lay the phone on it when I go to bed. Just make sure the phone is centered. If not placed right, it may not charge. Ive had it happen, but was user error, not the fault of the product.
The charger is much smaller than I expected it to be, based on the pictures. It doesnt charge most of the time, even though its plugged in. And I have to unplug it, then plug it back in as if it has to be reset. Makes no sense to me. Guess since it cant be returned, itll go in the trash. UPDATE:  Graciously, I was contacted by the company with an apology and an offer to replace the wireless charger.  The charger that they sent to me is awesome so far!  Thank you so much for your willingness to make a bad situation great!
Arrived on time and product works well
Other charger worked great but due to a possible design flaw the surface area appears restricted and so it doesnt always charge my phone.  I went with a rectangular shaped one from a competitor and have really enjoyed it. Customer service top notch, sent replacement updates model for free. Works great thanks!!
I like the flexibility it creates, but it charges really slow.  After posting my initial review an Anker representative contacted me and gave me more instructions on how to use the charger and offered to replace the defective charger. Great customer service.
Awesome charger, works great.
Works fantastic, initially it starts off slowly but after positioning the phone "just right" and charging for a couple of hours it seemed to calibrate to the phone. Now as soon as you put the phone on it starts charging. Its a great bedside charger.
Survived a house fire, and still working as intended.
Works great.
With the Samsung s8+ it charges very fast.
use this at my desk everyday
Works just as well as Samsung brand wireless charger. The LED lights are bright and make it easy to distinguish if your device is charging or not.
Not especially picky about positioning, and connects very well through wallet style case. Requires 2-amp, 5 volt input.
Works great!
Much more convenient than plugging in the cord and hope it stays in.
Works perfect. Charge rate seems normal.
LG G6 with Caseology (Vault) case on, charges quickly. No issues at all... Great charger.
No complaints, was packaged better then most high end items these days, will definitely be buying a few more. Highly recommended
The wireless charger has worked great. The port to place the charger cord on my phone had become so loose creating to many times of not charging when I thought I was. This product has eliminated that issue. The deal here though you have to lay the phone a little off center to start it working.
comparable to the Samsung version.  I actually like this one better because the rubber grips to the phone to keep it in place
works great with my LG G6
I use this with my Galaxy S7 and there are no problems with the case attached. I usually only plug it into a 1A charger, so the charging rate is only about 30% per hour. I only use this to keep the phone charged up from about 50% to 80%. There is not annoying beep like on previous wireless chargers I have used.
Works great
The charging port in my Galaxy Note 5 is worn out. I had to find a wireless charger. Paid $10 for this charger. Works great! Gonna buy more and put them in locations that I frequent.
I have this for my Samsung S6. Works great overall.  The only issue is that since this pad is so small (about 2" diameter) you have to be extra careful to make sure your phone is on the pad where it needs to be.  Had I known this, I wouldve purchased something bigger.  Ive awakened a few times to find that my phone didnt charge overnight because I placed the phone too off-center.
Works perfectly, even with the case still on my phone.
Works great.  I love the low profile and small footprint.  This is not advertised as a fast charger, but it seems to charge my phone much faster than the standard Samsung and ZOER Qi Wireless chargers I also own.
I keep this on my computer desk to keep my phone charged and so far it has been working excellent.  Phone is a Droid Turbo.  Even with Speck case it doesnt have a problem charging.  The phone does get warm after sitting on the charger but this is normal and the phone would go into an overheat protection mode if it ever got too hot.  Charge amperage is obviously less than using a cord but I am seeing about 700 mA using this particular phone.  It can be a little finicky trying to find the exact spot where the phone recognizes the charger, but after a couple uses it becomes second nature and the change in charger light from red to blue is an easy indication that charging has started.
This is the second wireless charger I have purchased.  In comparison to the other one, this initially turned out to be a very poor and slow charger, but***  PLEASE *** keep reading, it is worth it!  I was so disappointed at first and found I could charge my phone faster by plugging direct.  I left my disappointing review with my Christmas bargain deal on Amazon.  Hold on!  I was contacted shortly via e-mail by AnkerDirect.  They apologized for the device and asked if I would accept a FREE wall charger for it, asked if my address was correct, and what phone model I use.  I said yes, Id accept a free product, gave them my phone information, and they promptly sent me the electric connector for 3.0 USB at no charge whatsoever.  WHO DOES THAT???  Not only did it ship fast, it turned this wireless charger into an ever better and faster charger than my first charger Id purchased.  Super fast charger!  I am SUPER impressed with this company with the way they outdid themselves to satisfy me!!  Their name should be FANTASTIC Trading LLC!!!  Thank you AnkerDirect for turning this around in such a grand way!
Makes charging easy.
Works perfectly. I had added the QI induction charge to a phone that previously didnt have it (Verizon LG G3) and this works with the new charging system perfectly without causing too much heat.
Works just fine. The blue light that shines when its on and charging can be a little too bright at night if its sitting on your night stand.
Only downside is these dont come with the power adapter, just the USB cable. The people who said the charging is slow might be using a power adapter thats not for fast charging. I plugged it into the Samsung adapter (5v/2A) and the charging seemed very fast, although I have not timed it.
Wonderful charger. Very portable.
charges fast and even with my case on phone
Works great, love just laying my phone on it. Hooked up a high speed charger..no noticeable difference but great for overnight or when just sitting around.
Work always and tiny
Works great right out of the box. The USB cable could be a little longer but Im sure not everyone has this problem. Set my galaxy note 5 on it and it worked almost as soon as I set it on there.
Anker out did themselves with a a much better product then the previous version. The rubber that keeps your phone your in place was a much needed upgrade. The heat control was a much needed upgrade. The size and weight is much needed upgrade. I love to see a company that improves and continues to be better. My only complain is the LED is bright. But nothing a little color tape cant fix. Allows the led to be seen but not so bright that it keeps you up at night.
very good
It does not have the fast charge feature but it works. Cannot charge through a case though.
I got this for my wifes Droid Turbo 2, and it works well, you just have to make sure it is aligned just right to get the full benefits of the wireless charging. Had to play around with the alignment and match up where to place it so she could put it on without moving it around a lot. Charges just fine. She does have a flip case on her phone, but it still picks up a good charge. The only thing with her phone is, when you place it on the charger, on the screen it tells you the percentage of alignment, and since she has a flip phone case, you have to open the case to check the alignment. Got  that all figured out after a bit. Good charger, but gave it four stars because of the alignment issue. Next time I will purchase a larger disc, or stand, to make it easier.
This is a great little unit. Its small enough to keep compact on my desk, and also (if I wanted to) use in my car on my dashboard. Its the most compact minimalistic wireless charger Ive come across. Wireless charging wont charge your phone as fast as a AC charger, but it will charge it. So instead of my phone sitting on my desk next to me, I just have this sitting there so my phone slowly trickles up!
I love this unit - it worked great with my Nexus 6 and Nexus 7 (2013)!
This item works but maybe it is just that it is a cheaper version but I have found out that I need to be careful when placing the phone on the charger as it doesnt always connect as it should.  I am taking pains to make sure that the phones back stays clean to facilitate connection.  This is an update to my review.  Once the company discovered that I wasnt satisfied with there product, they replaced the charger after checking to make sure that I had it hooked up right and no wiring problems.  The charger was received within a couple of days and it works wonderful.  No longer do I have to make sure that the connection is working and I can just set the phone on the charging pad and forget about it.  I would recommend this product.
Just what i needed
I was afraid to buy this because of the price, but it works great!!
Has some issue with the 1st one but the replacement works fine. Great customer service.
Update** Anker sent me a replacement charger and the new one has been working great. Great customer service. ** Started out great, but this past week the charger failed me twice. It would start out charging when I went to bed, then in the morning it only charged to about 50%. Tried plugging and unplugging, but it would not fix it. Then at night it starting working again, but it tricked me again, only charged to about 60%. I am using an iPhone X, but cannot trust it will charge throughout the night.
Make sure you have  a good wall charger , it works way better then the one that is included.
I got one about 2 months ago when I got my iPhone8 and since than I rarely use a cord to charge my phone when Im home. This works great with and without my case. I just bought another to use at work. As a mobile QA I am sure I will be using this for other devices other than my iphone 8.
grate
Love it! Works great on my iPhone X.
Ive had this for two years and it works as advertised. I like that is a bit on the smaller side, it doesnt take up much space on my monitor riser. Ive used this with a Nexus 6 and most recently with an iPhone X, and always with a car on. The Nexus 6 could be a little fussy about the position, Ive found that about 1/3 of the way up from the bottom was the sweet spot. Ive never cared or timed how long it took to charge, it was only there to top off the phone when needed.
This is nice, but didnt know I needed to buy a receiver to make this work with my phone. Sold separately.
great customer service. Charger stopped working and received a new one in no time.
Originally I had some issues with the charger shutting off even though my iPhone X was still on it.  Once I contacted Customer Service for Anker, they went above and beyond to remedy the situation.  Once I completed some testing and reported back to them, they sent a new charger.  The only thing keeping this from getting a 4th star is it doesnt come with a charge block, and they dont recommend the standard Apple block that comes with the phone so you need to purchase a different block. UPDATE:  Ive gone ahead and given that 4th star and now the only thing keeping this from a 5th star is the fact that I originally got a faulty device.  But I cant say enough about the Customer Service provided by Anker.  They went above and beyond to rectify my issue and even sent an Anker Charge Port for my troubles.  Once I received the new charger, it worked like a charm!!
My first charger I received seemed to take a long time to charge. The company sent me another one that charged much faster. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! I love the ease of simply sitting my phone down and walking away. This thing is AMAZING!!!
Does the job, just have to be sure to keep it in one location because the plug into the charger doesn’t always stay on. But as long as it isn’t being moved around too much it works great!
After receiving my first charger that didnt work properly, Anker reached out directly to me within one day to offer me a replacement - free of charge - which worked perfectly.  They followed up consistently to make sure I received the new charger in a timely manner and was satisfied.  Really impressed with how well they responded and how quickly they worked to fix the situation.  Recommend 100%
nice product
I love this little charger. its not a fast charger but it is still a pretty good for the price.
Very good for office or desktop use. I can charge my S7 (with Spigen Neo Hybrid cover on it) wirelessly. Only downside is that it is not a fast charger. Its output is 1A instead of 2A. However this is not an issue for me since I use the device for overnight charging.
Absolutely love this. Its amazing how much freedom I feel by just laying my phone upon this charger. No more port or cable hassles.
It does work very good.  However, my bad - it is a slow charger.
Got this so I wouldnt need to plug in my phone to charge. However, to use this I need to take my phone out of the case. Makes charging more difficult, not easier. However, it DID work with my husbands phone in his case.  I realized that the issue with it not working is because of the magnet inside my case (that supports my car mount.)  Conclusion: A good product for the price, with caveats. UPDATE: After posting this review the company immediately contacted me to offer me a full refund. Since it works with my husbands phone I opted to keep it. I am very impressed with the level of pro-active customer service. I would recommend purchasing from this company.
Does what the company claims for sure. I just got it so I will update when this thing stops working or shows it weaknesses but for now its great.Was smaller than I thought but thats a good thing. I have a Samsung Note 5 and this chargers just as fast as the charger that came with the phone.Im glad my original charger that I was always unplugging, Now I just lay it down and pick it up. Everybody should get one.
I like it. It works well with my Nexus phone.  My phone charges faster with the Anker power Line.
Does what it claims ..
works good.
Worked excellent.
... for my venerable but still useful Nexus 7. It had stopped charging from the wall and the two places I tend to rely on dont fix em. I am attached to Android (and to not that brand that starts with S). I wasnt sure if mine was QI enabled, but it was worth a try and its working. Its a little more awkward to place than just plugging it in was, but its worth it if I can keep it going.
Awesome
Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad for Galaxy Note 5, S7/S7 edge/S6/S6 edge/S6 edge+, Nexus 4/5/6/7, Nokia Lumia 920, LG Optimus Vu2, HTC 8X/Droid DNA and More
Cheap price, small (can take it anywhere by putting it in your pocket), fast delivery.and has a grip so your phone wont slip. Obviously no wireless charger will charge as fast as if you have the cable connected,but its decent. In about 2 hrs and 30 min i have a full battery.
Great wireless charger for any device capable of wireless charging.  I made the mistake of assuming this was a fast wireless charger.  I ended up getting rid of it.  Nothing against it.  It worked fine and even worked through my thick phone case.  Its just that it wasnt a fast charger so I sold it for another model.
I purchased two of these, one for home and one for work and they both work perfectly.  This is my first foray into wireless charging (Lumia 950XL) and I wasnt sure which one to buy but know Anker products very well and have never been disappointed with them.  The unit has a red LED on the front of it to show that it is powered on and when a device is placed on it, the red LED goes out and the blue LED comes on and my phone vibrates to confirm, when the phone is fully charged both red and blue LEDs light up.  The phone does not need to be centered on it perfectly to the millimeter, there is a large range in how it can be placed on the pad.  I also bought this particular model as the input from the wall is micro-USB so that I could still utilize my existing wall chargers.  I would absolutely purchase this again if I need another.
I love it! Works great Nexus 5 and Nexus 6
This was such a GREAT buy! We bought a wireless charger from Sprint for $60+ because the charger port on one of our phones had a defect. The samsung wireless charger was very sensitive and didnt work most of the time. We heard from a friend about this cheaper wireless charger and were a bit sceptical but it works SO good! Better than the sprint samsung wireless charger. Dont waist your money at phone stores! Buy this wireless charger! We would definitely buy it again!
The charger works well with my Nexus 6, I would recommend it as it is inexpensive and well built.
As an electrical engineer, this product pleases me greatly. Even though I understand what its doing, its still like magic. I feel super-cool by laying my phone down and having it charge. I have to buy a second one now, because as soon as my fiancee saw it, she said she wanted one too. Then mine magically disappeared. Strange.
Simple, works as described. It is on the slow side compared to the S7 Edges fast charging, but hey, the convenience is unmatched.  Im a fan of the hockey puck design.  It feels solid in the hand.
Works as expected. Compact design is nice.
Works very well.
Works wonderfully; best for keeping a charge while at work (desk) or overnight (nightstand). Slower than a standard charger, but saves wear & tear on your micro-USB port. Love the convenience.
Works for a reasonable price.
This works very well. I most appreciate not having to - first - find the charging cord and then figure out which way to plug it in (I usually try to put it in upside down on the first try) and then repeat the process if I have to answer a call or access the phone for any reason. I would give this item FIVE stars if it was easier to find "the spot" that activate charging or if just sitting the squarely phone on the port started the charge without having to move it around.
After using this product for a while, I have found out whenever my phone is charging on it, every once in a while my phone will disconnect from the charger of its own accord, I have tried other wireless chargers, and this one seems to be only one with that particular problem. Unless it is just my phone not liking the particular charger, however I do like the way its been  designed, and I do not like that it is a little small.  The picture made me think it was a little bit bigger.  However this did make it a lot easier to carry around with me and used to charge my phone in college classes, this charger worked great whenever I needed it, and messed up occasionally.  I can recommend this to anybody, it may have just been my phone that had that particular problem.   Update  Wow I am amazed, anchor contacted me and attempted to resolve the issue that I was having with my wireless charging pad, I did go on to explain to them that I figured out it was the PowerCard I was using on my device and not their charger, however they were kind enough to help me  fix the problem anyway, they have very good customer service, and anything from anchor I could recommend you should buy. I have enjoyed using the products for about a year now, and I genuinely love their power banks, a power bank combined with this wireless charger, would be amazing. I still do not know if they make anything like that though.
product as described, received when expected, packed well... happy customer!
Charges super fast. And is great for the price!
I bought this product to charge my Droid Turbo 2. It charges very fast when I plug the wireless charger into my droid turbo charger USB. It takes a certain position but after a little while it is very easy to get the phone in that position right away.
Wish Id bought it sooner beats plugging it in. Just set it on and its good to go..
No issues with the Samsung Edge 7. It immediately starts charging once it detects the phone and the lights around the sides of the charger indicate charging has been completed. Theres even a nice rubber ring around the top to keep the device securing on top and to prevent any scratches to the bottom of the phone.
yes it works but i was thinking it would be bigger sometimes it hard to get just wright on charger to word but i think that is due to the case i have it in
Tried to use this in my car.  Phone slips off way too easy. Update: Anker heard about my complaint and gave me a partial refund for my troubles.  Good company, I tend to buy most of my charging/cable products from them.
Update: December 25, 2017. So Anker quickly got in touch with me and sent me a replacement. Their customer service is amazing and they will back up their product. The new replacement was for the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad. It is an upgrade that is much lighter and bigger. My phone was easily able to charge right away without any issues. No signs of heat issues. I am currently happy with the product. December 12, 2017 This is the first time an Anker product has disappointed me. When I first got this, it was giving me charging issues. It would occasionally have difficulty finding the charge. Today, it actually over heated. I had put my phone on top of it. After about 30 minutes, I started smelling a burning tire smell. When I realized that it was coming for the charger, it had made my phone extremely hot but did not damage it. The charger itself was too hot to touch, but I was able to unplug it. It had started bubbling on the surface. It took about 1 hour for the charger to cool down. I will NEVER buy this charger ever again.
Love this charger. It’s faster than the regular charger! Super easy to use too
Fast charging, must have this if you got a phone that support wireless charging.
Product works great. Works with my case on, but will not charge when my case contains the little metal bit I have for my magnetic mount. bummer. but still workable and not a defect
Has some complications with the first one I revived and Anker customer service was amazing with getting a replacement one to me right away!
Works fine without a case on your phone. Responsive customer service from this seller.
Just does its job
This is a great charging pad for an iPhone 8.  Much better than the more expensive one I had bought earlier.
Charging speed is OK, but sometimes it takes a few seconds to get it aligned at specific spot to get it to charge.
easiest thing ever to charge, works great. thanks.
This is the best wireless charger I have used. I have Samsung, Anker, and even more wireless chargers, but this one is the best. It doesnt have an electric wine, and it charges most consistently. It is small and light-weight and has a really nice grippy surface to hold the phone. The LED indicators are a nice touch to know if it is charging and it lets you know when it is fully charged. It is also the smallest and delivers the same charging speed as my other wireless chargers. I would highly recommend it if your phone is Qi compatible.
peeeeerfect!
A little pickey about phone placement but it works perfectly. Ill be ordering a few more to place throughout the house
Only works on my Nexus 7.  Does not work on my iPhone or any of my various Kindles or Windows tablet.  Does a great job on the Nexus 7.
Unit is decent-looking and works fine with my Galaxy S5 (with optional wireless charging back). Unlike some other reviewers, I had no problem bullseyeing the right spot for charging to start up. Theres a blue light that comes on when charging is happening, so its easy to confirm. The light might be a bit bright for bedroom use, but a bit of electrical tape would solve that problem if it bothers you. Be sure to use a 2A charger, as it may not work reliably with a lower-power one. As Ive only had this for a short while I cant speak to longevity, but it doesnt get unreasonably hot, which is a good sign.
does good at charging the samsung galaxy s8 plus wirelessly.  Does not fast charge but that is ok for what i need
charges my galaxy s5 wirelessly. no issues, i love the convenience of wireless charging, and the quality and build of anker
Works great for my S7
Works as advertised!
the cell phone needs needs to be adjusted "just so" to make it work
Working in combination with the Cloele Super Gen -3 Super Speed this product works Excellent on both my iPhones and IPads. Fast charging right through my cases.
Charges many different types of phones! Currently using it with the Pixel XL and a Nexus 6. Cord is perfect length! Had zero issues with the seller or the product! highly recommend!!
A great wireless charger for the money.. Works well with my Galaxy S8
Update:  Even though alot of my complaints were due to me not fully reading the descriptions,  Anker contacted me, thanked me for my input and offered a partial refund. As a youtube tech reviewer, Ive dealt with a few companies in my time. Anker stands out for going that extra mile to make the consumer happy. A+ Beware, doesnt fast charge, in fact its super slow. No wall adapter and a very short cord.
I think it is great but it gets the phone hot which concerns me.
Works very well
Works well with my Samsung Galaxy S 5.  charges the phone though the Otter case.  Due to it being smaller than the width of the phone need to be careful it is centered on the phone.
This is a great wireless charger for the price. Its compact enough that I can easily carry it in my EDC backpack, and allows me to charge my LG G3 quickly and easily. It can get a bit toasty when charging, but hasnt hit the 107 degrees Fahrenheit to make it stop charging. This device pairs nicely with my Anker 5 port USB charger.
Great Wireless Charger
Charges my phone as described.  Only issue is it doesnt come with the wall charger port.  Just the USB data Cable but I had an extra so thats ok.
Works as expected. Great product!
great charger i have a galaxy 7edge and works with my otter case !
It works well when I take my case off, but unfortunately doesnt work with the case on.  I was afraid that might happen but read in other reviews that people had used it with the case on.  So I now take my case off at night so I can easily check my phone if i get a message and put it back on the charger without having to plug in that pesky little micro usb cable.
IPhone user got it as a grab bag gift. Hah. But i tried it to make sure it works beforehand. Works better with older phones. My s7 demands too much power. Unfortunate, its a great price.
Works through thin cases and also the Mophie battery pack case. Did not work for iphone.
I love this wireless charger!
Works as stated
Works fine. Nice product. Thanks
Charges great, no problems. I use a Samsung Galaxy S6
Works great. Ordered for my son after the charging port in his phone stopped charging. This worked perfectly. Saved us the $200 insurance of having to get a new phone.
It was great with my S7
It works great.
Works as advertised, very simple.  Plug USB cord (supplied) into the new charger and the other end into your  USB power source (not supplied).  Then set phone on charger.  That’s it.  My Samsung S6, inside BodyGlove case, beeped and started charging.
Got two of these for Christmas gifts. One I use with an S7 and the other my wife uses for her S7 Edge. Both have worked flawlessly so far. Would highly recommend.
works perfect
Works good with iphone 8+.
Ankers customer support is excellent and they make quality products.
We use this often, but just know that it charges much slower than it would if you plug your phone in as normal.
Thanks for responding back.. yes i would like the refund.. you are a first class corporation of respondind and taking care of your customers.. thanks again
I keep the phone case on and this little gadget charges right through the case, no problem. I dont have to worry about lining it up any particular way.
I received this charger in good condition and it was delivered on time. is so easy to use. You put your phone on top of it and it’s charging. I use it in my car never have to check to see if you you missed the plug in. It’s compatible with the iPhone 8 and 8 plus.
It does the job. I have two and they work on both iPhone and Samsung phones
Great, worked out if the box and charges pretty fast
Hard to get the phone in a position to charge Updating.  Anker customer service reached out and sent the updated or newer designed wireless charger.  Works much better.
Works great. Good for overnight charging.
Works Great
Great Wireless charger! Works perfectly with my boyfriends Samsung S8 phone.
Charges my iPhone 8+ fine. Purchased one as a gift for someone else too, works great for them too
Takes a long time to charge.
Product delivered early and performs exactly as advertised. The Galaxy S7 EDGE charges even with the Otter protective case left on. Anker products continue to be my go to devices and this wireless charger saves wear and tear on my phones charging port.
Excellent
works great!  i was able to swap out the usb cable for a longer one so that the charger can sit exactly where I want it to as well.
Works well but charging is slower with the lower wattage. Surprisingly more convenient than the cable plugging.
After reading great reviews I decided to order this charger. It worked great for about 3 days. Then no light on unit. I plugged it into another outlet. Worked well. For about 3 days. When I plug it into another outlet it again begins to work. Last night it was working and was charging. After a few hours it shut down. Unfortunately I am unable to return it. Very unhappy with my purchase. UPDATE: I contacted Anker, which I wish I had done before my negative review. They responded immediately and replaced my unit. I could not be more pleased with the way they dealt with my issue. Their customer service was outstanding. Very unexpected in these times.
Works fine.
I bought this for my wife because she was always fumbling around in the dark trying to find her charger. We hooked it up and it works great. I thought it may not work through her phone case but it does. It has a red light to tell you nothing is charging and to help find it in the dark. It has a blue light to tell you its charging and a green light to tell you it is fully charged. Im a huge Nikola Tesla fan and to see his works finally coming to play is awesome. The device has a nice little rubber ring to help secure it to the surface and the phone. It has a quality feel to it and I have never had any problems with Anker Products. In my opinion it is a must have if your device has the wireless charging feature. I imagine someday the charging port will be a thing of the past just like head phone jacks or floppy disks for that matter.
Got this for my new iphone 8+ i like the small footprint of the base so it doesnt take up alot of space on my nightstand. also has the small status light on it so you know that its powered on, and charging your device
UPDATE: after posting this review I was contacted by Anker and a replacement was sent out. They have been very helpful around making sure that I have a working product. New charger seems to be working! I would purchase again due to their great customer service. Bought 2. The one I got my husband is great! Charges iPhone X fast and without issue. Cord is a little short but otherwise great. Low star rating is because despite his being great mine frequently gets very hot and stops working.
Product works great on my iPhone 8 Plus, even with a protective case on it (I never need to remove it when charging). NOTE: After a week of usage, the USB plug receptacle on the back of the "charging pad" became loose (Admission: I was unplugging it a lot to find the best place to put the charger). I notified Amazon, who put me in touch with Anker. Customer Service at Anker was EXCEPTIONAL, as they quickly sent me another charger and followed up numerous times to ensure I was satisfied  (All companies should be like this!).  Im purchasing another Anker charger pad immediately to put in my office as well.
A great charger for my iphoneX like most things Anker churns out. Got this at a great price and its small and tidy. Only gripe is with the bright leds which I have covered with tape :) ... get one, you may not get fast charging but as a charger for your nightstand this is perfect!
I love wireless charging and this charger works great for my Iphone 8+. Anker products are fabulous!
Arrived today as promised and it works great!
Has been wirelessly charging my iphone 8 covered in a spigen case for a week at night. Phone doesnt get too hot and I wake up with a full charge.
Charges my iPhone X at the max wireless rate, which is roughly 40-50% of the rate youd get using a quality cable with a 2.4A power source. However, this is extremely nice to have on the bedside table, for example, when convenience is preferred over speed. This has a large charging area, which makes it hassle-free to just place the phone on the pad to charge.
Came with a damaged cable, but I had another one to use, worked as expected and price was excellent. I emailed customer service and they are sending me a new cable right away.
Works great. The size is very nice and like all Anker products, it performs perfectly.
Love it, works just fine
This is my first wireless charger for my iPhone 8 Plus and I am pleasantly surprised. Used my own power block, plugged it in and like majic it charges my phone. I have a SUPCASE on my phone and it still charges without any issues. There is definitely a sweet spot for charging but easy to place every time. Definitely worth the money.
Great product. Works amazing
Good product, at this moment it has a good price. A few more good reviews and that will change.
excellent
I bought two if these and they work; however, its not clear from the description whether they support high speed charging - they dont as far as I can tell. I bought them because I have been very happy with Ankers quality chargers. I actually wont buy any other brand of USB based charging device at this point. I use one in my car, and it connects more reiably than a more expensive antenna I have in my house (go figure). Again great antenna, only drawback is its not high speed.
It worked on and off from the beginning and it finally stopped working after 1.5 months. However, I was impressed by Anker, when I received a direct message from them (after my report at amazon) apologizing and offering a replacement free of charge, which worked well. That made me change my grade for the product.
I origanally got a bad one but as soon as they found out that i had a bad one they were very quick to fix the problem and sent me a new one. thank you very much it works great.
Great wireless device. I wish it was a little bigger in size, but it works great.
It works.  Its great.  Of course you need the specific phone cover.  Hoping it eliminates wires and finicky connections for quite awhile.
This item was a give away promotion on our family reunion Facebook page to generate moral and participation.  The winner stated that they were pleased with it and it worked great.  She also posted her approval on our Facebook page.
best thing ever highly satisfied
Works well with a S5 using Qi aftermarket antenna and a thick magpul case.
very good product works great
Works great with my iPhone 8.
I like this charger it is very handy and my husband quickly hijacked it from me so I ordered a second one. It will not charge as quickly as a wall charger but still decent.  I like the fact that the phone isn’t tethered to anything so if you get a call you can quickly pick it up.  Anytime I use my laptop I set my phone on this charger.
I had been looking for a wireless charger for a while. I love this charger it works easily with my OtterBox Defender case.
Great product! Works like a charm. I bought an extra just to have for a guest charger in the house.
It doesn’t work ... update: Got a replacement and it works great.
I needed a cheap Qi charger for my iPhone X and I rolled the dice on this one. It has worked flawlessly. Perfect for my desk at work.
Works exactly as intended. Good item. Good price.
love it
Works through the thick case of the Otterbox Defender with iPhone 8. Charges just as fast as if it were plugged in. I just swapped it out, used the same little nub usb charger the phone came with.
Charges my iPhone X rather quickly but, when the phone is fully charged it shuts off so you do not overcharge and hurt the battery. That way I can just put it on charge at night and not worry about it.
Works great with my iphone X. I like the simple look and small size. The red light to indicate it is plugged in and has power, and blue light to indicate charging. The lights are not too bright or distracting in my opinion. The charger instantly switches to blue when I put the phone on and charges the phone as expected (I believe at 5W, NOT 7.5W, though from numbers Ive seen online, even though thats a 50% difference, Im not sure 7.5W charges faster enough (minutes wise) to get too worked up about). 5W does charge fairly slowly, however, is the same speed as the charging brick that ships with the iphone (which is far slower than a 12W ipad charger). Ive been using these since the iphone x came out without any issue. I like that I can just set the phone down when Im not using it and its charging. Its also easier to pick the phone back up off this charger than setting it on a flat surface because you can get your fingers under the phone since it is elevated by the puck. The phone does need to be relatively centered on the pad, but Ive found that you dont need to think about this much, its natural, plus, there is a wide margin for error. One downside is that this pad did not come with a 5V charging brick to plug into the wall to power itself. Luckily I had a few extras I was able to use. Be prepared if youre not expecting that. Also, it needs a 10W (5V/2A) brick, so something like the one that comes with an iphone (5W brick) will not work properly.
Excellent product as requested
Works great with my Galaxy S8
very good
Works like the expensive one
Good
Works great-- As represented
Works great with my daughters Galaxy phone.
Great little wireless charger but does not have a wall outlet block, only comes with USB plug.
After Anker saw my issues with this product, they reached out to me about a replacement.  They sent me their PowerPort 10W Wireless Charger and it works great.  If you have a Galaxy 6S Edge Plus, go with the PowerPort 10W.
This charger works on a bare phone, but as soon as I got my Spigen case for my iphone it no longer works. Isnt powerful enough to charge through the rubber case. ***UPDATE: Spigen reached out quickly and said charger was faulty. They quickly sent out a new replacement.
Update: anker reached out to me and sent me a new charger. Amazing customer service! This new charger works so much better. I love Anker! I like it- its very convinent and a good size. It freezes while charging though and never really gets past 20%. My phone gets very very warm while charging on it as well. I had to take it off a few times because I didnt want it to over heat.
Charges 1 phone thru a case but not thru my otterbox case
Update: Anker customer service told me that the charger will not work with most iPhone 2A chargers so I tried it with my larger iPad charger and it seems to work fine. I wasnt aware of that when I purchased it. Anker customer service took care of my needs and I appreciate their following up with me. Original: Just bought this on Cyber Monday and it turns off and stops charging after a few minutes. Unplugging it and then plugging it back in got it to turn on but it still shuts off after charging just a few minutes. When I try to return it Im told its not eligible for return.
I bought this for my samsung galaxy s6 because its old and my charger port is loose. This thing charges quickly and works through a otterbox defender case. Ive been very pleased with it. If you buy one, put it up somewhere that you wont bump it too much. I kept knocking my phone off because I put it in a dumb place.
Edit: So Anker and their customer support are amazing.  After talking about my issues with the chargers they were replaced with the A2513 charger.  Wow this new charger is the perfect size for the iPhone Plus. Anker blew my mind with the level help they provided. While I cannot say I hate this charger, I would not call it back the next morning.  While it charged great, I ran into too many issues with it to use it as my daily charger. It really just comes down to the size of the puck.  Using this with a iPhone 8 Plus just makes it feel to small to find the sweet spot.  Several times now the phone has vibrated off from alerts.  I have another Anker chager (AK-A2513011) its big, its square, and its the winner of the two.  I would avoid this if you have the Plus.  My gut tells me the 8 and X would fix without any issues.
It works great and we’re happy with it
Update to my previous review. The problem was not exactly  the charger. As slick as the back of the iPhone X is, the charger base has to be VERY level or the charger hum vibrates the phone off center and the charger shuts off. I put a small piece of folded sandpaper on the base to make it a little less slippery. It is quite slick and the phone slides easily. So I think the charger base itself is ok except the rubber friction ring around the charger center should be less slippery.
Excellent Deal.]]]]
Works great! Plan to get one or two more to place around the house!
Works, cheap and does what it says. Works with an otterbox defender case for my iPhone 8+. Hopefully itll last for years.
This charger is great! It does exactly what it’s supposed it. It has a solid red light when there is nothing charging, but has a super bright blue light when there’s a phone charging. I had to tape over it since I put this on my nightstand. The one other downside is the size of this charger. The small footprint makes it great for not taking up too much space, but you have to be very careful when placing your phone on the charger. I’ve bumped it a few times in the middle of the night, and my phone has moved just off-center and stopped charging.
Confirmed it works with iPhone X. Only complaint is the LED...I wish I could dim it or turn it off completely.
Charges my iPhone 8 Plus quickly. Just make sure the LED is solid blue when you place your phone down on it, otherwise if it is blinking, you need to move your phone around slightly to get it on the sweet spot to charge. Note: The LED on this product may not be suitable to your liking
Happy with charger, works great
Exactly what I needed at a Good Price
These are great. Small, affordable and they just work. Ended up buying a second one.
love this for my s7 edge. charges through my tpu case (sadly not through my wallet case) NOT a fast charge but i use it overnight by the bed and its GREAT.
I have a Galaxy S5.  I bought this to use along with the Galaxy S5 Wireless Charging Receiver, iDOO Ultra Thin Qi Standard Wireless Charging Receiver Module for Samsung Galaxy S5 i9600 - Black ( Support S-View Flip Case ). Its working well, Charging my phone at a good speed, and works through my unicorn beetle cover.  My phone gets very warm, but not to hot to worry.  I will order another!
Works great, priced right.
Its a very cool charger I just wish the cord was longer.
we love these. No problems what so ever
Perfect.  The charger is smaller than my current (other brand) version yet phone placement is does not have to be exact in order for it to charge.  Ill likely pick up another one for my wife.
Charges significantly slower then if you were to plug the phone in directly. Using this on a samsung s7 edge. could be more powerful, you have to have the device on the pad just right or it doesnt work. Worth the money though, id buy another. Anker seems to make good products
Very well.
This wireless charger was plug and play with no problems.  It would have been nice to have the wall plug "block" included but for $13, Im not complaining.  I have a rubberized case over the back of my phone and this charges the phone through the case which is a great plus.  It is a slow charger but thats OK for me as I wanted it for the overnight charging rather than a quick one. I own several Anker products and am pleased with them all.  The company stands by their stuff.
Love it so much, someone decided to claim it for themselves at work.
Great product works perfectly plug and charge with my s7edge. Half the price of the Samsung charger.  Saves charging/data port.
Inexpensive, works well with my Samsung S7.  Proper phone placement is key.  The phone must be centered on the unit.  I use it at work so I dont have to mess with cords.  I did try it at home and must not have had the phone centered on the unit.  Since my phone is my alarm, a dead phone didnt wake me!  Lesson learned.  Look for the green light to indicate charging.  It takes a minute.
brilliant device. just plug and play and the phone started charging right away. Definitely recommended for anyone thinking to get one.
Brought as a gift for my teenager. She is never without it.
It is kind of slow charging my Nexus 6 phone. Overall, great charger.
I bought this charger for my wife since she has an iPhone 8+ which supports wireless charging.  This product works as advertised. Pros Charges the iPhone 8+
For a decent price!
Compact and accurate... Perfect for the job.
Excellent purchase! This product has stood up to our expectations thus far! Great product at an even better price!
Works!
Works great.
I really can’t complain when it comes to Anker products! I love their build quality. It works great and the small form factor doesn’t take up much room at all. But that’s also it’s flaw... It’s too smal and makes your phone look like it’s just floating. Other than that, it’s great! It charger fairly quickly but not as fast as via wire. That’s expected though...
This charger is awesome at a great price. Works perfectly with my iPhone 8+. On the first one the cable kept coming loose, so they immediately sent me a new one. Excellent product and excellent customer service.
This is an update to my previous negative review... The updated version of this product works great with my iPhone X. After I posted my review AnkerDirect reached out to me and offered to provide a replacement. I took them up on it and Im glad I did. This charger is thinner than the others on the market and no longer has to be placed as accurately as before. This is a huge benefit. The combination of the excellent customer service and the product gets my review bumped up from 1 to 4 stars.
Works perfect with my Kyocera Dura Force Pro
This charges well but I found that I had to carefully place my V30 on it for my phone to charge.  I have since glued it into my car holder specifically on the right spot and its been working flawlessly, however you need to always worry about your phone placement otherwise.
Works great. Very convenient way to charge my phone.
Great product. Very simple, and works as described.
This is a solid wireless charger. I was a bit surprised to see that it has a metal body. Build quality is on point, and it has a nice dense feeling to give it a sense of premium built quality. The footprint of this charger is really, really small, making it very portable. Its diameter is smaller than the width of my iPhone X, so when the phone is charging it almost looks like the phone is floating. It only supports 5W of wireless charging though, but I have no intention to use it anywhere else other than on my nightstand for overnight charging, so charging speed is more than sufficient to me. Nice build quality, small and portable footprint and the confidence of Anker quality have urged me to rate this charger 5-star.
Got this is the mail plugged it in and it went to work right away.  Already using it, did not work on my wifes IPhone 7+ but my galaxy 7 works good.  Thank you Anker.  And I got it for 9.99 in a flash sale
I had an issue with one of these and the seller took fantastic responsibility of the situation and made sure everything was 100% satisfactory before they sent me on my way. I appreciate that immensely. The product works like a charm and I couldnt be happier with my purchase. Would surely recommend.
My wife and I are using these wireless chargers with our new Apple iPhone X and happy to report its compatible and seems to be working as expected.  The size of this charger is compact and very well constructed with quality materials. When traveling its super easy to stow in our cord bags to take with us.  Highly recommended.
Anker was a trusted name in my household, but no longer. Anker will be getting the boot! Purchased this for my iPhone 8 which it clearly reads it can be used for in the description. Well can’t get it to charge more then a minute before I get the flashing red light of death. Good bye anker! Anker sent me a replacement in 3-5 business days it now works perfectly on my iPhone 8+. They didn’t even want the old one back they just asked that I properly recycle it. Thanks for making it right by me  Anker. Your now welcome back in the house
Works fine but charges really slow (3xs longer) compared to plugging directly into wall charger. I bought this to use in my car but just doesnt charge fast enough to make it worth it. Only buy if you are using this as your bed time charger. I dont know of any wireless chargers out there that will charge any faster.
Amazing product!!  Thank You so very much !
Product works great!! My phone can still charge and I can still wear my earphones.
good product
Best $15 Ive spent on my phone.  Charges as quickly as the port does.
As advertised, as expected. Charges almost the same speed as the cord.
Great product it’s cheep and it works with my iPhone 8plus with the Apple Lester case on not the fastest but works vary well
I got this charger to go with my new iPhone 8 and it works great! Even with a case on the phone I simply sit my phone on the charger and it immediately starts charging. Somehow this has made it more convenient for me to charge my phone at night as I simply sit it on my nightstand and its charging. I used to forget to actually plug it in sometimes but this makes things a lot easier!
This charger works great with the iPhone 8 plus. Note that it doesnt include the wall adapter you plug in.
Not a full 5 stars - 4-1/2 would be more like it. Works great, the only thing I wish it was a little larger. Putting an 8 Plus on it, you have to be sure it is right on center or it will not charge. Other than that it works great. I purchased 2 of these for my wife.
I like this charger for its compact size and works pretty well - a couple of times Ive set my phone on to charge and the light has changed to indicate charging but after a few hours I found my phone had not been charging at all. Ill continue to use the product and see if this is a persistent problem, but so far 4 stars since its only happened twice in a two months of use.
works like a charm no worries easy to operate, just need the cord to your phone hook it up!
Works fine and very convenient to be able to lay down the phone on the pad without the hassle of plugging in or unplugging when a call comes in. The only problem I encountered was my mistake of mounting a metal pad on the back of my phone to use on a magnetic holder in my vehicle. The metal pad prevents the charger from working which is not fault of the Anker charger. I like the charger enough that I will switch to a different phone holder for my car.
love it, i did wish it would charge faster though
Kept my old nokia Lumia 920 from dying after the port wiggled loose.
I have the heavy otter box case and it charges through it works well so bought another for wife
It works perfectly! I love it. Highly recommended.
Bought these chargers because my son had deystroyed the charging port on his Samsung Note 5. He was able to keep one at his mothers and one at my house.  They work perfectly.  There seems to be no reduction in battery capacity and even after leaving the phone on the charger overnight, it is not overly hot like some other wireless chargers I have tried in the past. As with all Anker products I have purchased, I am highly satisfied and I can recommend these for another way to charge your wireless charging capable mobile devices.
Very nice little charger that suits my purpose. It doesnt get hot like another one I had and I like this item very much! I have had no issues at all with it and would purchase another one if I lost this one or some thug stole it. The only thing I would change about this item is nothing.  :)
Changing it from 1 star to 4. Very happy with the service.
Works great
It works as it should. Will charge the phone overnight. I feel like its kinda slow charging. Will work with a thin-ish protective case. Must be in the center of the phone as expected, for the charge. Good charger. Have not had it long to know how long it will last. Just got it Christmas.
I bought this item at full price to use with my Samsung Galaxy S7 about 3 weeks ago.  I have used it on a daily basis for hours at a time and for shorter periods of time.  I love how compact it is and its footprint on my nightstand is very small.  My phone has an Otterbox Commuter case and there is no problem with this charging while that case is on. It is very easy to get your phone placed on it correctly and the disc shows up with a blue light when it is placed properly.  If it is not placed properly, then a red light stays on.  Your phone screen should indicate whether it is charging or not, unless it is dead, then you can use the red/blue indicator lights.  Very user friendly. It can very easily be packed up and taken with you while traveling.  I have bought other Anker products in the past, from phone batteries, USB desktop chargers, phone chargers and now this Qi charger and honestly have never been disappointed.  I get asked a lot by people that I work with in the school system what brand I buy when it comes to replacing these things and I never have a problem telling them to buy an Anker product.  For the price, customer service and quality, I feel that these are the best!  Just to be clear, I did NOT receive this item or a discount for my review.  I believe that Anker offers up quality products that are worth your $$$.  I would definitely buy another one of these when the need arises for me.  Good stuff!
wife loved it, uses it everyday at her desk. Charges all the wireless phones in her office.
It was a gift but as far as I know of she liked it
Love it
I prefer anker brand as usually they have great products at decent prices. I received this charger in the beginning of December to charge my iPhone X. For the most part it worked, there were only a couple of times where It did not charge my phone. I figured that it may have gotten bumped or I did not place my phone in the correct spot. Since those incidents I made sure the charger is placed away from getting bumped and make sure I see it charging before walking away. The last 2 days it has not charged my phone and I can’t return it so I’ll be looking for a new cord. I really like anker brand and just figured I received a defective product. Edit: Changed from 3 start to 5 stars. Anker reached out soon after this review was written and sent a new updated version.  The new wireless charging pad is bigger so I dont have to place my phone "just right" for it to charge. I just have to place it once and it starts charging right away, no having to adjust it to see if its charging, so far so good! No issues to date. Ankers amazing customer service is the reason why I will continue to purchase their products! In fact I just purchase a new phone case and screen protector from them!
Excellent product for me.
This charger works great with the iPhone X. I am using it with an OtterBox Strada case and no need to remove the case for charging. Nice, slim profile and nicely made. Now that I know it works with my phone I will be ordering another.
So far it has been changing my iPhone X wonderfully!
It’s a nice addition.
Its a little small but works perfectly
Works great. Chrges fast. Just wish the cord was longer!
We ordered two and they work perfectly. We havent had one problem. The phone has to be positioned on it right or it wont charge.
Like the size but I have not used it without being plugged in to the power source.
Item has to be plugged in. I was under the impression it didn’t. Still works great
** update Anker customer service team reached out to me after my 1st review and sent a replacement unit. It works perfectly!! Great job on following up thanks put your phone at the center to charge it, when your phone is little off from the circle , your phone wouldnt charge
Love this one.  I have it in my car to set my phone on while driving.  Not as fast as a lightening cord, but definitely gives it a good charge.
Excellent charger, especially for price. No issues whatsoever will definitely recommend.
Nice quality and compact for my travel bag.....
Ok
Very good, though charge cable will occasionally disconnect from pad with very little movement,
Love anker products. This works well on my LG V30, even with a thin case you need to move it around a bit to get it to start charging,
I have been using Anker products for a long time and this is no exception to another great product. Once I got my iPhone 8 I was in an immediate needs of a wireless charger just to try out the wireless charging, but I didnt want to pay the premium prices of other brands. Found this device on sale and its the best bang for your buck. Small and nice design, you can carry this around anywhere or throw it in a bag. It has rubber grip on the top and bottom surface that way your phone doesnt slip off the pad. Comes with a 3ft long powerline micro usb cable which is a plus. Pad does heat up a little but thats something standard with wireless charging.
Great product and service
This is my first wireless charger (for my new iPhone 8 Plus) and love the concept. I am very pleased with the Anker charger as I have with several of their other products -- top quality and very reliable. This charger is smaller and less expensive than those from Apple and other companies. Its rated at 5 watts, which is the same as the wired charger that comes with an iPhone but Im guessing that it charges somewhat slower due to the inefficiencies of induction charging. However, I havent done a real comparison of charge times since my phone never gets below about 60%. For my purposes, it is plenty fast enough. Just to be clear, its diameter is slightly smaller than the width of an iPhone 7 or 8 Plus. The phones position on the charger needs to be roughly centered. One thing that was a bit of a surprise was that the cable is simply a USB cable that needs to be plugged into a wall charger. It does not come with its own wall outlet adapter. I have mine plugged into a spare iPad 10-watt charger. Works great. By the way, I have an Apple silicon phone case, which is very thin. A thick case, such as some of those from Otterbox, might not work well.
Bought this for use with an iPhone 8. Works as advertised and has a solid feel. I already ordered a second one. Couldn’t be happier with the purchase
Update: after the review about defective unit. Anker reached out to me and offer a full refund as well as a good will item for my inconvenience. Their support has been super helpful and certainly a top notch customer service! ===== Bought two units. Both stopped charging after 9% on iPhone X. I touch the unit and it was warm. I suspect the ventilation and engineering of charging engine wasn’t good and it has to stop charging because of the heat. They don’t offer return as well.
great customer service buy with confidence
works perfectly with my new iPhone 8 plus.
I really love anker products and this is no different!  Way less expensive then the one I got at the verizon store and works even better.
Wireless charging is pretty nice. Just note that the power on all wireless chargers that work on iPhone X is a little low - you won’t get a fast charge, and in fact won’t get much of a charge at all if the phone is doing something energy intensive (like restoring a backup).
Good charger for wireless, quality build. Love Anker for the attention they pay to features and price point. about the charger, it works no problem, place phone on pad and charge starts - with or without a case. No heat problems of any kind. This is my 3rd wireless charger, one for work, one bed side, the other a gift for friend - in trust Anker quality to give it as a gift, friend loves it too.
High quality it just charges slow like all wireless chargers it’s defiantly a over night device or a device you wanna use at work while your sitting for hours
I use it for travel, good compact size and no compatability issues with Samsung S8. Anker products have never let me down.
Great
I have an iPhone 8 plus with a case and it charges just fine. A little slower than the cord but I just need to use this at work so I can use the lightning port for the headphone adapter, so this is not an issue. Great product for the price!
I recently bought the iPhone 8 plus and apple leather case..  never had a wireless charger and wanted to try it out.  Works great.  I wish this came with a wall charger but thankfully I had a few lying around.  The instructions say you need a 2 Amp charger (the ones that come with iPhone are 1 amp. iPad chargers are 2 amp) dropped then iPhone down onto the charger and bam.  It’s charging.  I would like to welcome Apple and myself to 2015
Like it. It makes charging my phone easy, just lay it down on top.  Takes a little longer than using the wire but it dosnt matter to me.
Works great with iPhone 8 with Otterbox Defender on it and doesn’t get really hot like another charger I have. Great charger! Anker has incredible customer service!!!
Works great so far!
Five stars
Nice size
Works in any position. Works with Ottterbox and Slimshield by Encased. The only change I would recommend would be to have the charger turn off when it isnt charging instead of having the red LED glowing 24/7. Maybe a magnetic switch or weight sensor....
Im able to charge my phone with the case on and its so simple to just lay the phone down and let the fast charging do its job! I got this as a gift and my husband loved it so much, that I had to buy him one! And lets be real, the price is amazingly low! I remember when wireless chargers were almost $60!! Thankful for these companies that make great products with realistic prices!
I bought the charger for my son. Hes a cyber engineering student so he knows gadgets pretty well. He really LOVES it. Im happy bc I bought him something he will actually use.
This has been a life saver.
Works great with my Samsung S7 edge.
Good product. Charges Nexus 7 2013 full in 3-4 hours.
works great. doesnt come with its own plug in though.
They work great. Galaxy note 5 and a otterbox commuter case charges well. A little sweet spot. I have three and all work as expected.
really great product
I bought this little unit as my phone was not charging properly through its USB connection and wanted to experiment with the Qi technology. It definitely saved me a trip to the Verizon store / wait for a new phone. This little guy is portable and pretty easy to use. The phone does have to be centered on the pads sweet spot for optimal charge. A blue indicator light shows when you have hit that spot. Nevertheless, this can be tedious. Overall, this is a good device for the price ($14.83). I have a droid turbo 2, and it was able to charge through my anti-shock case (~3 mm). However it charges slowly. Even without my case on the phone, it took about 8 hours to go from a completely dead phone to 80%. Since I am used to my turbo wall charger that could go from dead to 100% in under 2-hours until recently, this Qi pad seems slow. When I purchased this item, I was not expecting turbo charge, as it is not supported by this device, but I was expecting a full charge equivalent to the time of a recommended full nights sleep. But I had a phone to use again, so I appreciate this charging pad. Because of the slower charging and my reluctance to turn my phone over for service, I have since purchased a Qi charger that supports the turbo charge capability. But I will happily keep my little Anker as a backup. Ive only had the device for about 3-weeks. Disclaimer: I was not offered compensation for a favorable review, merely email badgering that coincided with the cleansing of my inbox.
Works well, I have to be careful with making sure that I place the phone just right on the surface though, or it wont charge.
Works great!
This is a great charger! Works with iPhone X.
Horrible..Broken.  Do NOT Buy  Prime doesnt allow returns... This is BS
Smart Idea, great invention, it help save the charging receptacle from damage/or wear and tear. Just lay your phone on top the this induction charger the phone continue charging by itself When u receive the phone calls just lift up the phone and no need to disconnecting the cable.
Works well
good product. stable charging station, love it.
Im not sure what more expensive alternatives offer, but this works just as described. Since I routinely plug in the phone when I am at home, it is nice to skip that step.
Works as it should...the only problem I’ve had is the micro usb is super sensitive and can become unattached very easily.  Other than that it charges my iPhone 8plus great.
I would give it 5 stars if the cord was longer. Barely reached what I needed it too.
The charger does what it says it does. I love the benefit of not having to plug my phone in to charge it.
This product works as advertised. I have a new IPhone 8 with a case cover and it works outstanding when I place it on the Anker for charging. It charges unbelievably quick, and I am very impressed with the quality and price! Thanks!
Works great on my iPhone X
Good product, good quality. Works.
First unit did not work, but Anker support was great and replaced the unit after I did some troubleshooting.  Product works great.
Good wireless charger. I love the shape and how small it is. One star taken away for how bright the LED is and how the red and blue light don’t both turn on to indicate my phone is fully charged. (iPhone X)
Well built, charges iPhone8 well in Otterbox Symmetry case, does not get hot.
ORIGINAL REVIEW: Its so small, it takes me forever to find just the right spot for it. 2/5 Stars. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and offered a replacement. The new device is a larger "charging puck" and works much better. The new LED indicator is less bright and is less bothersome in the night. Ankler has the best customer service, I have many charger and battery products from them and I am overall  very happy with the products, but thrilled with their customer service. All of their products are a safe buy because of their customer service. Strongly Recommended. 5/5 Stars.
Great product. Love the size and performance. Also great service from the manufacturer.
Delivered on expected date. It’s amazing to see that it can be charged using a power bank with the Anker cable.  It charged quicker than when I plugged in the cable provided by Apple. I’m using an iPhone 8 Plus. I’m glad I bought 2 of these.
Works as expected
Fantastic.  Fantastic.  Fantastic.  (and 100 times more saying that word).  I was very glad to hear the newer model iphones will have the wireless charging capabilities.  I bought two of these immediately, one for my home, and one for my office.  I have issues in the past with the charging port, so to be able to bypass that charging option completely leaves me optimistic that my current phone will last quite a long time.  My phone seems to charge plenty fast with this device, so there are no complaints there as well!
Works well now with Samsung s7
This is gift requested by granddaughter.
Works great
Its small but terrible - I like it very much!
Very nice. Works very well!
Works just Fine 
I love this thing wished more things would be able to use it....I use it on my nexus tablet the docking port is broken...
Haven’t really used it much yet I bought it as a back up so when I go on vacation, but so far I like it!
EDIT: I am updating my review because Anker reached out to me via email almost immediately about my concerns. They offered a replacement or refund and were very helpful with trying to troubleshoot the issue. I opted for a refund. I have multiple Anker power banks And have never had an issue with their products in the past. They did not in anyway ask me to update the review either. Im going to bump it up to a 4 star review due to customer service. Ill search for a different wireless charger from them but do stand by this one getting really hot. Could just be a defective unit. I purchased this for a Nexus 6 and have some concerns. I actually really dont even want to use it. The entire puck gets really, really warm and my phone also gets really hot. I dont even want to use it because Im concerned the charger is going to blow or its going to cause my phone to explode. I dont even know if I can request to return it and get a refund because I threw all the packaging away.
Ive been using this since iPhone 8 release day, and it has worked great on an 8 and 8 Plus, both with and without a case. It does seem to charge the 8 plus kind of slow, but Ive never had any issues with a full overnight charge like some have noted. We also havent experienced the heat issues that others have. Overall, I get in bed, put my phone on it, wake up, grab a fully charged phone, and out the door I go. Cant ask for much more from a functionality standpoint. There are 2 things I see as a slight design flaw: The blue light when its charging is very bright and can get annoying when youre trying to sleep (easy enough to cover though), and that silver outer ring seems like it could easily scratch your phone. Beyond that (and the significant price jump since ordered), this is a great, low cost Qi charger.
Working as described. It is not very sensitive to position. I bought an Anker case and it is charging through the case without a problem. When the charging begins you hear the same sound from the phone as when you plug in a charging cable so you get a good indication of it being in position.
Bought this for an iPhone 8 and it has worked flawlessly.  Its fast and works exactly as expected - no surprises.  The only thing that I wasnt expecting was how tiny the device is.  Its a thin puck about half the diameter of a CD.  Interesting technology packed into a small package. Another awesome Anker product in my toolbelt.
Works with Iphone 8!
Great product! Ive had it for about 9 months now. Works like a charm. Charges fast. Highly recommended. Would buy it again.
Its great;;my husbands nly complain is that he has to remove the cover when hes charging.
Fast shipping and great product. Works great!
Great charger!!  I had bought a similar charger (different brand), but it did not work nearly as well.  I had to keep moving my phone around on the disk until it finally connected.  Not what I was looking for at all.  With the Anker Charger, I plugged it in and then set my pone on top of the disk. Began charging immediately.  I picked up my phone and set it down on the disk.  Again, charging began immediately.  So far, it has worked every time. Just as a side note, I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 with a LifeProof case. When it comes to chargers, I wouldnt buy anything but Anker products.
I have been using a pair of these with our Motorola Turbo phones for a while now and they work well, charge fast. Pro: The convenience.  Just put the phone down and it charges.  No cables to attach to the phone, no fiddling with which side of the connector is up or down.  There are a pair of lights on the pad that indicate power and charging state so you can tell whether charging is complete with a casual glance. Note: The only thing to be aware of, at least with the Turbo, is that they will charge the phone up to full, but they they shut off and stay off until you pick the phone up and put it back down.  I have put my phone on at night and picked it up in the morning and found it down around 90% because it stopped charging when the phone reached full before midnight.  This may very well not be an issue with the pad and may be more an issue with the phone, I dont know.  When connected directly to a cable charger the phone will be maintained at full until disconnected.
Works great, even through an Otter Box case.  Comes with a micro USB cable, but no wall adapter, so it gets 4 stars.
This works great with the Samsung Galaxy S7. You set the phone on there, the light turns blue to let you know it is charging; if its not on there right, the light is red. All you have to do is center it and it works perfectly. And, at a fraction of the cost of the Samsung brand wireless Qi charger, this is an amazing deal.
as described, works even through case
Love it!
I bought this for my son for Christmas, but he changed phones to a Google Pixel. Oh well, I now have a new play toy and it works great on my Droid.
Great charger for my tween to use on his S7 Edge. He loves it
This product is working great! No cons - only pros!
Loved this. Worked great!  I would definitely recommend!!
love not having to plug in my iPhone.
Small, very effective, rapid charger.
Works great and looks very clean on a counter.  It is much smaller than expected or the OEM brands so the phone has to be placed on it just right to start charging.
Line it up correctly and youre good to go. Useful for when you eventually ruin your charging port
Very satisfied. Works great with my S7 even through my phone case
Love it!  Works great with my Samsung Note 5!
five stars very good
This is so easy to use. I simply plugged the USB end into a phone charger, laid my iphone 8 in its protective case on to the Anker Charging Pad and instantly began charging.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas. Shes not too tech savvy and it didnt take her long to trying and connect her charging cord to the phone and tweak the phone connector so that the cord wont quite stay in unless its sitting just right. If youve had a mini-USB connector long enough you probably know what I mean. This of course solves the problem. No cord. Only works on phones that are made to charge cordless. She has the Galaxy S6. Love it!
I’m a fan of Anker products and purchased this device to charge my iPhone 8 Plus. The charger works if you follow all of the advice of my fellow reviewers. One additional suggestion that I learned about after reading about 100 reviews was to turn off the phone before placing it on the charger or disable notifications which cause alert vibrations. My 8 Plus moved off the sweet spot on the charger every night until I learned this. My suggestion to Anker would be to add some rubber padding on the top of the charger to provide a non-slip surface. If you are waking up to a non-charged phone check to see if it has moved on its own while you were sleeping. If so the alert vibrations could be your problem.  They were mine.
While the charger works with my iPhone 8 Plus, I find that if I dont have the phone placed just-so, it wont take a charge. This happens at least once a week - when I go to bed I place the phone on the charger, hear a chime from the phone and see a light change on the base. I think alls well and go to sleep. Next morning I wake up to find the phone at around 10% charged instead of 100%. If I get bored Ill 3d print a cradle to fit around this so the phone drops into the right spot. If I was to buy again, Id probably look at a stand-style charger to minimize this. 4/6/2018: An overdue update... Anker reached out to me over my review above. I ignored them, as it wasnt a huge deal to me and I wasnt looking for a refund or anything else. But they were politely persistent. After 3-4 emails, I responded to more or less say "thanks for the concern, but I dont think theres anything you could do as the products not broken, just doesnt work great for my needs. I just wouldnt recommend this product and Ill probably eventually get something like their vertical charger." They issued me a refund, anyways, and asked just that I mention that on here. Not a condition of refund or any other requirements, just heres the price of the charger back, and let folks know we tried. Totally polite, totally professional. I like other Anker products that I have, and Ill buy their stuff in the future. Very well done customer service, so Im bumping up to 4 stars.
Use this on our bedstand. It works very well!
works well for Qi wireless charging, I especially like the small form factor and small led light that is not distracting as this unit is placed on my night stand. This means it does  not glow like a cheap whore house at night like another product I bought,
Got this on a sweet discount and it was delivered crazy fast. I wasnt sure if the charger would actually be useful when I spent the money but once you start wirelessly charging your phone, youll never want to switch back to wires. The Anker wireless charger does what it says and charges my S8 in about 2.5 - 3 hours and keeps it topped up with minimal heating overnight. I wish I had more money (or discount coupon codes) to just buy a bunch of these and put it in every room in my house and at my desk at work. The minor con I would put against this product is that the lights on the charger (while mostly hidden by my phone) dont have an option to turn off at night. Besides that, this thing feels like witchcraft if youre coming from the old fashioned wired charging method and Id totally recommend it.
Nice charger.
I like the idea of this, but it doesnt seem to work for me. I have on multiple occasions placed my phone on top of it, when I would go to bed, and wake up, with an almost dead battery. As I use my phone for an alarm clock, this isnt acceptable to me. I may be able to put it at work, and use it for a quick top off, there if needed, but not for my daily charge device. Edit: Anker has since contacted me and replaced my faulty item. This device works perfectly. Changing to 5 star.
Did not like the product but ANKER did everything they could to make it right. Huge props to them.
Used overnight with an iPhoneX. Woke up in the morning and the phone is at 70% charge. I think it barely charged the phone if any. It was plugged into an Anker USB brick. Updated: Contacted by Anker, they made the suggestion to try a different USB power brick that is 5v 2a. Used a non-Anker brand I happen to have and it seems to be working now.
great wireless charger - i use for my iphone8 - no problems - doesnt take up alot of space on my desk
Bought 2 and neither one indicates that my iPhone 8 is fully charged. I was in touch with Anker and they told be were working fine and there is no red and blue light indicating a full charge. The description is wrong.
Works great, even with a thick case. Does not need to be lined up perfectly. The lights are a little bright at night but at least I know it’s charginf... 
Great product, as are all Anker products. I had a slight issue with my first unit that arrived and Anker quickly sent me a replacement. Anker customer service is the best around. Do not be afraid to buy anything from Anker. They strive tirelessly to ensure that you will be 100% satisfied.
Product did not work for me at first, but Anker went the full distance in customer service.  They were nice to work with, and ended up sending me a new charger at their expense.  The new charger works exactly as advertised.  I am very satisfied with my overall purchase and experience.
Excellent wireless charger. Excellent product from an excellent company. I usually do not leave reviews but Anker stands by their product and customer satisfaction.
Purchased this for my iPhone 8 Plus. Works absolutely great. DOES NOT come with the power brick. I used my original Apple 2amp power brick. Couldn’t ask for anything more.
Works with iPhone 8 plus with leather Apple case and PopSocket. Have to fanagle it to accept the charge, and gets a bit warm, but works fine. Update: seemed to connect easier with iOS 11, but 11.1 must have updated some settings. More difficult to get it to actually charge. 11.2 is supposed to update charging again? Maybe it will help.
my dad gave this charger for me to charge my note 8! no issue fine~
Works great.  Bought 2.
This works pretty well, but its a small disk and phone position is very important for it to charge. Not as nice or as easy to use as some but it works just the same
My product died within 3 months and I eventually forgot about it.  While cleaning out my drawers, I stumbled upon it and found that it was still under warranty. Contacted Anker by email and they promptly sent me a working replacement.  Im hoping that this one will last longer.
I kove this charger,l have an otter box it charges right through it,dont have to ta anything off,so good l bought 2,highly recommended,you dont have to keep pluging in your charger all the time and wear out the connector on the bottom of the phone,l have a galaxy S6,and te charger works great,fast to.
arrived on the day promised, seems to work well enough for the price, & charges my S7 through my Spigen & Otterbox Commuter cases so Im happy
Works great!
Works with my note 5. Didnt encounter any issues except for my case being too think to make a connection. Had to place it just on the perfect spot to get it to work. Will likely get a thinner case. Great to be able to just place the phone on the platform and wireless lyrics charge. It might be me but it seems as though it charges faster on this thing than on a wired connection.
Works good. The one that gives me a little trouble is that sometimes you have to find the right spot if you have a case protector. I do this by lifting it of the charger and placing it back down.
I own two of these now, and I like they both.  I use it at home and at work, and even using a otterbox on my s6 Edge
Great product for the price.  Only draw back is that the phone can not be in a case to charge
It works.  Only thing I dont like about it is the cord length.  3 feet is a little short
Weve had a lot of luck with Anker products and this is no different. We bought two for our Samsung S7s both in an Otterbox Defender case. While this charger is not as strong as the Samsung wireless charger (which we also tried) and does sometimes require the phone to be placed in a particular place, it does the trick and is great for the price. I believe its important to note that this is not a fast charger and of course does not charge as fast as being plugged in or on a fast charger. Without the thickness of the Defender case (phone only), we didnt have to move it all and was more effective.
Great value
I really like this product. This is a very sleek sleek nice looking design. It works exactly as well as a high end Samsung one would. It is a very good size and weight. The only thing is the plug of the charger. It is a bit short. But then you can not use a regular phone charger either. The cable is 3 feet long. A regular phone charger puts out 2.0 something, sry I forgot. But this cable puts out a 2.1 something. But it is still an ok length, you just can not put it somewhere far away from the outlet. But I love this and it is a very good wireless charger and especially for the money.
I was worried it wouldnt work with my case (Spigen rugged armor) or that i would have to have it set just right, but I plugged the charger in, set my phone on and it started charging right away with the case on. Will probably buy more for myself and gifts!
This thing is great I have it plugged into plugable 7 port usb hub on my desk and I think it charges my iphone 8 really fast. Like it a lot
Compact size, relatively fast compared to other charges, works great
This product had issues with charging my iPhone 8 Plus but the seller replaced with a different version that worked well. Thank you for the good customer service.
Initially, I had trouble with this charger after the first month or so, but the sellers support team was awesome. They contacted me after I reviewed the product and immediately sent out a replacement. The replacement is a newer model and much easier to use (bigger pad makes placement less challenging, smaller status light is better overnight). Upping my review - the support team did a great job standing behind their product! ========= Original Review Disappointing. Worked OK for a month, now its very finicky. I have to try a few times to align my phone precisely enough to charge. In the last week its completely failed to charge my phone overnight twice, even though the blue light turned on as if it were charging.
It works as expected. I have it by my bed side and I do not find the small led disturbing at night. most of the stray ligh is blocked by either the phone or the table. The phone also must be positioned correctly (usually directly on the center). It is a good product and does not let my phone over-heat. The phone charge speed is not too much slower than by wire and a good 2 hours gives my iPhone 8+ 100%. The first 20% charge really quickly.
I initially had a problem with the cord not seating snugly with the "puck" and it would loosen all by itself.  I was about to request an exchange but then decided to try a cord I had on hand.  My cord seated tightly and since I have so many of the same type, decided not to ask for a replacement.  I have purchased lots of Anker products over the years and this is the first item that had a glitch.
*edit* After being contacted by customer support, I was send a new wireless charger and it works like a charm. They allowed me to keep the original. I can’t say enough about how prompt and how kind the customer support team is. 5 Star. Life long customer for sure! Long time Anker user (have several portable battery banks) and love everything about them. I’m not sure if it was just the model that was sent to me, but it won’t charge at all. I’ve migrated it over to several outlets and have used several adaptors but nothing seems to work. Hopefully other models work properly...but I have to rate according to the product and not the brand.
This is my first time using a wireless charger. I got it for my iPhone X. Im not a fan of this particular wireless charger. I started using it on November 3rd, yes I was able to get my iPhone X on 11/3 so its been about 3 weeks, and when I placed my phone on the charger, it showed that it was charging so I left it and didnt touch it. I woke up in the morning to find that my phone did not charge. Somehow it stopped charging. This is not the first time its happened. It continues to happen and I dont know when it will happen. I wondered if its the fact that is a smaller than normal charger? Either way, Im highly considering returning this product because I should not be nervous and wonder if my phone will be charged in the morning. Its OK if you dont mind either way, but I do. Update: 1/1/18 - The company reached out to me directly and helped me with my problem by sending me a new charger free of charge! It works much better than the last product purchased. It’s not as finicky, charges through my thick phone case which is great. I really like this product. Thanks so much for helping me Anker. They have definitely changed my perspective on this company.
The USB connector isnt well made, so the provided USB cord and base constantly disconnect at the slightest pull. Completely useless... emailed Anker, it was replaced for a non-defective one within a week.  Great customer service.
Does it’s job well and product sized perfectly. Had some early issues until I changed to iPhone charger block.
Great product that works with my iPhone 8. Good alternative since Apple hasnt come up with a wireless charger yet for their own phones.
I use the device for a few days only. For now it works properly. The device has a compact size, a light indication for the operating mode. It is accompanied by operating instructions and maintenance instructions. I give him a high rating.
Good buy. Anker is a quality company. Second one I bought.
Charges a bit slow but definitely works
It does what its supposed to do. I have no complaints, feels nice quality.
Works with my iPhone 8 Plus without any issues. I dont even need to remove my Otter Box case to charge my iPhone. Anker products are well made.
Works well with my iPhone 8.  No faster than  charging with a lightning cable.
Looks great and works well with iPhone 8, even with Apple case. It’s normal speed charging. There is an indicator when charging and when just connected. Doesn’t come with a wall charger. Doesn’t work with Apple Watch 0/1.
I purchased this charger for my iPhone 8 Plus and have to say that it could potentially be a great charger!  I have a hard time getting my phone to charge to 100%.  I place the phone on the charger at night when I go to bed, then when I wake up the next morning, sometimes the phone is completely charged and sometimes it isnt.  The one positive thing about this charger is that the back of my phone does not get hot at all from being on the charger.  All in all, its a good product, but not great.  I would not buy another one. UPDATE 10/11/17: After posting this review, I received an email from AnkerDirect stating they were sorry that I was not pleased with the charger, and they offered to send me a new one, free of charge!  At first I declined, figuring Id just finish the charge from the wall charger, but then they said I could keep the one I had (PowerPort Qi), and they would send me a new one.  I elected to do so, and received the replacement yesterday, a PowerTouch 5, and it works like a dream!  The new one is a little bit larger than the first one I received so that might make a difference... I dont know, and quite honestly it doesnt matter to me.  I can FINALLY charge my phone wirelessly which is what I wanted all along.  So, THANK YOU AnkerDirect!  Its so nice to actually be provided with GREAT customer service.  Not too many places offer that these days! GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!
Charger works great with an iPhone 8 Plus even with an average case (using a basic UAG case with my phone). This does not.come with a USB adapter, so you will need to use one you have or buy another one.
Came as described, worked great at first. Overnight it keeps shutting off and i awake to a not charged cell phone. Have to unplug and replug to get to work. It was a cheap price, so i guess low expectations, but I would rather just plug in phone and gaurantee full charge. Cheap but wasteful. Update: company immediately sent me a replacement and all is working great.
Only just got it but it seems to work as expected.
Works well. Sometimes has trouble connecting to phone for charging. Charges normal speed not like a fast charger, gets the job done.
work well
Great item
Absolutely in love with this charger! Very compact and sleek
Got it for my S5 and it didnt work. After getting it i learned it wouldnt so my bad. But my son has the S6 and loves it
I ordered this after trying my coworkers Anker charger at work. I had a problem with the first unit and Anker was nice enough to promptly send a replacement unit that works perfectly well. Great customer service ! Thank you !
It works just as I expected it to
Very convenient and compact wireless charging. Works well with my Nexus 5, though too bad its just the 1A output.
Great product, delivered promptly.
Seems to work ok with my Droid Turbo 2.  I bought it for my office desk. Every once in a while I have to unplug and re-plug in in to power to get it to work.
A little tricky to get my phone to set on it just right but it works great!
another truly amazing quality product from anker..the go to vendor for the best of the best at afair and honest price
My first wireless charger. I have it on my desk at work in the office. Its small, lightweight and amazing.
Works great. A little slower than using a plugged cable but it still gets the job done.
Im changing my review...not on this particular product, which did not work for me (previously 1-star review), but for an upgraded product that Anker sent to replace it, and with Ankers surprisingly good customer service. They refunded my purchase price, did not require product return for a non-functioning model, and sent me an upgraded replacement model which works well with both iPhone 8 plus and iPhone X.  Works with the cases intact, which was my initial concern. So, in summary, this model listed did not work, but they were fast to respond to my negative review and did right by the customer. If it were a drink coaster Id give it 5 stars, as it is good looking, minimalist in design and small in footprint, but Im reviewing it for its primary function...that of a wireless charger, and it fails miserably.  The USB cord fits loosely into the device and the charger never lights up to indicate it is receiving power.  Maybe a bad LED? Nope.  Wont charge any of my compatible devices. Poor quality, non-functional junk. AND, I cant even return it!  No returns offered!  So BUYER BEWARE!  Id shop elsewhere or at least deal with a company that stands by their products and will return them if they dont function as advertised!
This charger works and for substantially less money than most of the competitors.
This wireless charger from Anker has been working well for my daughter since Christmas 2017.  So, only a short time so far as of this review. The only gripe we have is the size of the device. It is much smaller than expected based on the photos.  I’m sure there was a size listed in the detailed, but I must have missed it.  It works fine, but the larger iPhones can more easily teeter off the edge if not centered.  Then, it may not charge properly. Overall, it is of good quality.  We will see how it holds up after a year or so.
Works great. Easy to set up. My 81-year-old dad set it up without help!
Works great! Best bang for your buck for sure!
So I didn’t think I’d like the wireless charging, but I thought I’d give it a try since I got a deal on cyber Monday. I just picked up an iPhone 8 and I thought there was no reason to go wireless since it was a big deal to plug in. But boy was I wrong. Being able to just set my phone down and not plug in is pretty darn convenient. I wish I could get another one at that price!  Absolutely love it!
Works great with my iPhone X and a medium thickness rubber case. The only flaw is that I cant see the lights when the phone is on it. But I dont really need the lights because I can see the charge level on the phone itself.
Its a small footprint so doesnt take up much space, works well.  Comes with PAD and CABLE only you will need wall charger to connect unless using near a PC.  If you are looking for a no bells and whistles fast charger this worked great on my iphone X.
It does what it’s supposed to do, and was the cheapest option I could find. That said, it’s only 5W and charges my phone rather slowly.
I have purchased 4 of these for our iPhone Xs and they work great. They even work through the case which was bought from Apple
I was looking for a wireless charger and was excited to see that Anker had one. I have always liked their products and am embarrassed to say how many I have purchased. That said I was very disappointed when I got it home to find that it would not work with my LG V30 through its Otterbox Defender series case. If I took it out of the case it worked flawlessly but in the case no such luck. UPDATE: I am revising my initial review from 3 stars to 4 stars. As I stated earlier the wireless charger does work just not through the Otterbox. I am revising my initial score because of the support I have received from Anker. While they have not resolved my wireless charging issue they have, via email,  offered an alternative solution and have stood behind their product. As stated earlier I have been a fan of Anker for a long time and have several of their products. I am even more devoted to this company despite this issue I had with this particular product. Thanks Anker for all of your support.
Fantastic charger. Packaging was easy to open, product is easy to use. Great product, as always!
great little charger! I am able to charge the new iphone x through a medium thick case without a problem. I like how it is small enough to travel with too. possibly the only downside is that it is a small surface area, so you have to make sure your phone is centered on the pad. It does have a rubber ring that helps keep it on though. good stuff!!
Works great on iPhone 8 Plus. Works through my case and can just be placed under the middle of the phone.
iPhone 8Plus Compatible! Works as advertised, smaller than I expected, but thats not a problem. Another great Anker Product!
Anker makes some great products at an awesome price. This Qi charging pad works very well. I’m glad I get to use this feature to save the lightning port on my iPhone 8 plus and not have to buy a $60 pad from the Apple store. The disc is fairly small compared to the phone, but it stays on there just fine. Definitely recommend.
Works great with my iPhone8 Plus in an otter box case. For the money, works like a charm.
Works as expected
Works with my iPhone 8 Plus (with my Apple silicone case) and my girlfriends regular iPhone 8 (with a regular transparent phone case). Not sure what the other reviewers are talking about with overheating and it not working with their iPhones. There is not much of a challenge to get your iPhone to charge with this case, just get it close to the center as possible.
Came quickly as promised and already working like a charm! Needed it for an emergency.Thank you. Love it!
Got this for my iPhone 8 and it does the job. Phone doesnt get hot and I never have a problem with the connection. Just bought another for my office.
Awesome charger for my iPhone 8!
Works pretty well even with the case, on my iPhone 8 plus.
I love this for my office. It does not require me to "PLUG" in the phone saving on the wear and tear of the micro connection on the phone. It just one of the reasons I bought this for my new phone which has the cordless charging. My old phone connection became inoperative after plugging in and disconnecting over time. This should minimize the amount of times I have to plug my phone in. I would recommend this to anyone who has a phone that has wireless charging capability.
Great! Thanks!
Very handy device to save wear and tear on the data port.
Very good, just as advertised.
works great with my S7 despite its durable, rugged case. the phone is charing wireless off it right now despite being maybe 1 or 2 millimeters off the pad itself due to the case. And then it still has to go trough the glass and metal into the built in coil thats underneath the battery itself. Only downside is that it it doesnt come with a wall charger only a USB to micro USB cord. So im just going to leave it plugged into my desktop computer. Just now testing it so I dont know what charing speeds are like but its not Quick Charge 2.0. update july 5th 2018. Still works just fine over a year and a half later. Doesnt charge fast but its an awesome add-on for an desk or side table, wherever you place your phone when you dont use it or isnt in your pocket.
Works great. I really enjoy just putting the phone down and not fumbling with a charging cord.
I generally love Anker products.  I ordered two of these, one for home, one for office.  When it works, it works like it should.  One of them died after a couple of weeks.  Given the price, it wasnt worth the hassle for me to try and return it. Update: Customer Support at Anker reached out and offered to ship me a brand new one.  Very much appreciated!
love this charging station. it is so handy. I have 2 and have never plugged my phone in. would highly recommend this.
Works fine.  Only slightly slower than direct charger.
Subsequently bought a samsung pad for larger size, but product worked extremely well, and I still use it in my home.
Perfect
Works really well charges though a Uag case love anker products
A little smaller than i expected. Definitely not complaining though! Great product
The product is simple, sleek, and works as intended for wireless charging.  But, it requires an Anker QC 2.0 outlet charger in order to output the correct quick charging and not the Samsung S6 outlet charger for my phone.  Had to purchase the charger separate, otherwise good product.
Didn’t work very long
Works great
