It works but it will double the charging time period...
Useless Product .It takes almost 5-6 hours to Charge my Nexus 6 Mobile . I have tried using different charges including iClever 4.8A 24W Dual USB Travel Wall Charger. Many a times devices gets heated and it cuts off charging . This device is just an Fancy showoff device . You can never have 100% charge using this device as it cuts off once mobile is charge 100% and then never charges back till you replace the device back on it , I end up early morning with 82% of charge for my device . It’s an waste of Money & because of its small size I don’t recommend it for Nexus 6 !!!
Didnt work with my Nexus 7, Samsung Galaxy 4, Windows Phone, or anything else I tried.
I am totally disappointed and dissatisfied with this item. It is not compatible with my Samsung Note 5, and Galaxy Tab 4
Wish it would charge through my silicone cover. They dont make a thinner phone case than the one I have yet I still end up having to take my phone out of the case to use this charger. Kind of defeats the purpose.
Dont work for my fone
This thing is terrible I had to go buy the Samsung  one.
Charges very slowly!!
This charger was horrible. It was super slow to charge my phone and after only having it for a month it stopped working.  Not worth the money.
Note 5 wireless charging so inconsistent
in order to even begin to have it respond, I have to remove my expensive, carefully purchased cell phone cover.  What a pain.  wont use it, waste of money,
The charger cuts on and off without unplugging.
Love it but it charges really slow .  Good for over night charging.
did not charge the google nexus 6p.
Bought for my Nexus 5.  Worked well at first, but after about two weeks, found my phone with 5% battery remaining despite being on the charger for the whole night.  I noticed at that time that the LED was blinking red, whether the phone was on the charger or not.  Unplugged and replugged the charger and the LED became solid red, then blue when phone was placed on it.  Subsequently, phone started charging.  No major problem this time as I had time to recharge my phone.  Not so the second time it happened - same symptoms - and I was left with an uncharged phone to start my day.  Its now gotten to the point that the phone will  fail to charge once out of every three or four times I place it on the charger.  Having to systematically unplug and replug the cable to make it work kinds of defeats the purpose of wireless charging, doesnt it? Also - and it may just be a coincidence for my 2 year old Nexus 5 - WiFi developed issues at about the same time I started using this product.  WiFi is now non functional on my phone.
Never worked.
Sometimes it charges, sometimes it doesnt.
I bought this in connection with a Spigen wireless charging case for my iPhone 6S Plus. Because the charger and the case are from different companies it is impossible for me to know if my problems stem from the charger, the case or both. Given that I have decided to err on the side of safety and give the charger 4 stars rather than 3. To make sure that I am supplying sufficient power I connected the charger into one of my iPad chargers rather than an iPhone charger. Once the charger is connected a little red light turns on indicating that it is ready to be used. When I place my phone/charging case on the charger the light turns blue and I get the phone icon saying that the phone is charging. The charger is considerably smaller than the phone so the phone has to be placed on the charger properly for the case to pick up the charge, but it is not difficult to find the proper position for the phone. I have only charged my phone during the day in order to be able to check to see if the phone is getting hot, but it does not and, at worst, has only been a bit warm. Anker says that they turn off charging if the phone gets above 107 degrees but I have never seen it more than slightly warm. I would have given the charger 5 stars except for one issue. The phone sometimes does not charge to 100% before the charging stops. That is, I will place the phone and case on the charger when the phone is at, say, 50% and later, when the light has again turned red, indicating that it is no longer charging, I will find that the phone is only at 80% charge. I then have to lift the phone off the charger and replace it. Then the charging will begin again and normally will fully charge the phone. As I mentioned above I can not be sure if the problem is the case or the charger. I have some other Anker products and have been satisfied with them so I am making the assumption that the problem is probably with the case, but I can not be sure and readers might want to make sure they buy compatible cases and chargers. UPDATE: I grew tired enough of the charger only charging my phone to 80% that I bought the Spigen charger to see if it did any better with the Spigen charging case. What I found was that the Spigen charger correctly charges my iPhone to 100% every time. The charger does not shut down, the phone does not get hot and I can rely on finding my phone fully charged. Given that fact that the Spigen charger works properly with the Spigen charging case it seems clear that the Anker charger was the source of the problem I mentioned in my earlier review. Hence I have updated this review and changed the star rating to 3 stars. This Anker charger is OK but does not do the job fully and the Spigen charger has solved the problem. UPDATE 2: Nothing has changed concerning the way the charger works since my last update but Anker contacted me, unbidden, to ship me a second charger. That did not work either and probably is incompatible with the Spigen charging case, but they then contacted me again to check to see if the replacement worked. While the charger did not work I was left with the feeling that Anker Customer Service is acting in a completely responsible way and I will not have any hesitation in ordering other Anker products when and if they fit my needs. Customer Service like this is something that I have seldom seen outside of Amazon.
Slow Charge, otherwise works perfectly
Doesnt work like I thought it would
Phone dosent fully charge sometimes on it when in case. Recomended cjarge without case on phone.
Product stopped working after a few days!
This is an update to my review  of this product earlier. Upon reading my review within 1 day I was contacted by an Anker rep asking about my concerns with this product and offering diagnostics. In my case I had tried all of the solutions and actually had a product that did not perform as it should ( it happens on occasion). Anker apologized for my inconvenience and sent me a replacement within 2 days.  This is GREAT customer service and one of the reasons I repeatedly buy their items as they are always of the highest quality and perform as promised - and if they dont, Anker makes it right! I only wish others would follow their example. Thanks Anker for your prompt response and support.  FYI this is an actual review that I took the time to write out of respect for this company. Not a typical Anker product. This one is erratic in the charging of my S7 Edge - not sure if it is defective or the USB cable loses contact with the port on my PC but it will charge begin to charge and then stop and then it will statrt again.
Decent charger just doesnt charge quickly.
Had an initial problem with respect to charging the pad. However received excellent assistance from the customer service department. I am now quite happy with my purchase.
Dont like it! Wouldve returned it, but I was so excited that I threw the packaging away. Just figured Id eat the cost on that! It takes so long to charge my phone!
This is a great idea for charging a smart phone. Too bad it doesnt always work. Pros:  you dont have to hunt around for the end of the charging cable to plug into your phone.  Doesnt wear out the connectors. Cons:  sometimes it just doesnt charge the phone. Very finicky lining it up so it does charge. Sometimes it indicates that charging has begun and in the morning the phone is dead. That last con is the killer. I can usually get more then a day out of a full charge but if the phone indicates that it is being charged and it isnt the next morning the phone is drained. I gave it 2 stars because it does work most of the time but you have to be very careful to make sure its charging when it says it is.
Did not work with my droid turbo 2 with the life proof case on. Works with out a case on the phone though.
Buy a drink with your money and get good usage. Waste of time and money.
Several times  I have placed my device on the charger and my device didnt charge. I have to take my Otter protection case off my phone and  have to turn my phone off completely to get my device to charge. What an inconvenience this is. Not to mention the missed calls while my device is charging.  Is there a solution for this?
This works, but it works very slowly, nothing compared to a regular charger. I would have given this one star but... it does work. Just, like I said very slowly. This would be a great product for your bedside table where you just place it on it before you go to bed. Not if youre intending on using it for daily charging.
Sometimes I can just set my phone on it and forget it but other times I have to fidget around with it for 5 minutes to get it perfectly centers so it will charge. I usually just end up plugging my phone in because  I get sick of messing with it.  I didnt mind when I first got it but once the novelty wore off it was just a hassle
I have a few Qi Wireless Charging devices, and this is by far the hardest to get the "blue light" and charging to start.  In general Anker quality has decreased significantly as has their customer support in the last year or two, so Id look elsewhere.  I think Anker items are often on sale at Amazon because they arent very dependable.
so slow
I bought 2 of these. It takes twice as long to charge my S7 vs. a wire connection (without a case). It also takes several times to seat the phone to make sure it has the blue charging light. Its more cumbersome to use then just plugging it into the wired connection.
I was so excited to receive this charger, as I hadnt tried the "wireless" technology yet, with charging. Unfortunately, Im very disappointed in the charge time. I left my phone on it overnight and it was still not 100% by morning.
Slooooooow as molasses. Takes all night to charge my galaxy s7. Not happy
Do not work. Buy a Verizon Brand they work great
This thing got so hot it literally burned my sons foot when he accidently stepped on it, he is 6 and isnt a big kid.  I have a Samsung S7 and it accepts Qi charging but it took so long to charge even 10% that my speed charger or a back up battery pack would have fully charged it.  Dint waste your money its junk.
I have a Note 5. It does say it is charging. Then resets the charge every 5 seconds or so. I have a slim case on my phone and it does not charge through the case! It is basically useless and you cant return it.
Seller got the item shipped and to me quickly however the product does not meet expectations. This wireless charger does not perform at the level my Choetech brand one does. Choetech charges through any case. These will charge a phone that has no case or a very thin case. Will not work with Otterbox case or leather billfold style case.
It is smaller than expected but i like it, for its price.
When I purchased this product I didnt realize that I had to remove the cover from my phone and be fairly precise in its placement.  I dont find it easier to use than a wired charger, but it does what it claims.
Its an okay product but it takes a long time to charge, it gets very hot, and gets the phone very hot.
Unfortunately it doesnt work, very disappointed in product.
Works.pretty good.  I have a commuter otter box cover that I guess causes some issue because I have to move the phone around I order to.charge connect.  Also I dont think the fast charge works when on the wireless charger unit.  Also the base is so small it is hard to see the light that indicates fully charged or if not charging.  Lastly they do not include a plug with the unit.  Why not!  This is annoying...  I do like the unit but there is a lot of room for improvement.
not good at all, i own several chargers and this is by far the worst. you must position the phone precisely, charges SLOWER THAN F%&K, and gets excessively hot.
Charges phone very slowly. It works for overnight charging.
Not bad. Charging is a bit slow compared to things like quick-charging though.
It worked  just OK when I first received it. Had move the phone around to find the sweet spot where the phone connected with the charger. Now 3 weeks latter even the though the light on the charger shows charging. It is not always the case and I end up sharing the factory charger with my wife which defeats the purpose of having 2 chargers.
Great deal but not really wireless
seemed to stop charging randomly
The charger was way too slow.
It doesnt charge my Samsung Galaxy S6 like it says it will. Waste of money.
Did not charge my Samsung Galaxy S6 to full charge after 8 hours on the power port.
The charger shuts off after about 10/15 minutes and stops charging device. It does work through a case which is nice, only issue is it doesnt stay on/charging.
Doesnt work unless its plugged in
Its significantly smaller in diameter than my Samsung Qi charger making seeing the status lights almost impossible under my Samsung Note 5. It has only a USB connector which worked okay when plugged into my computer. However, the USB cable is pretty short, so running it to a USB charger plugged into the way may be problematic for you. Bottom line: Its okay if I only want to charge my phone while my computer is powered on. Its useful, but less so than Id hoped due to the short cord and small diameter. Next Qi charger I buy will be the Samsung model which works great and has an iridescent blue ring around the entire charging base to indicate the phone is charging.  As usual, you get what you pay for.
I have a Galaxy S6 edge.  This confounded thing works about 25% of the time.  Ive tried every charging cord combination possible and have used it with and without the case, with equally fickle results.  So, I tried to return it.  Guess what!  It cant be returned.  Usually Anker products are great.  This one stinks, and stinks bad.  Avoid it!
Im sure this would work as I had anticipated it would had I known that one first needed a USB charger with more wattage than I had available.  Frankly I would have liked to know that the Anker Quick Charge 3.0 or some other increased wattage device was needed to accomplish the entire reason for buying this product.
Its OK sometimes it works and sometimes it dosent
Mine only worked 3 months.
Never worked.
Does not charge my Galaxy Note 5 with a thin plastic case.  Having to remove the case each time to charge your phone defeats the convenience of wireless charging.  The company provided a full refund for the product.
I bought this for convinence, unless you turn off your phone it will not charge.  Keep your money in your pocket and plug your phone in.
Sometimes it charges, sometimes it doesnt.
I was pretty excited about this product, but it apparently wont charge a Galaxy S5.  So now what do I do with it?  Ok, addendum to my review.  The companY has excellent support,  they contacted me immediately and gave me a refund.  Thank you very much!
Says it will charge faster then what it actually does other than that worth the price
It will not charge.
It does not work for Note 5. It will show blue (when it is charging) for about 30 seconds then it switches to red (when it is not charging successfully). I kept my thin phone case on and then took it off and the same outcome. I even had the charger close to the wireless device.
Doesnt work with my Nexus 5.
It works as long as you dont have a case on your phone.  I should have read the description better.
Pretty cool looking. Neat idea. VERY slow charging.
I didnt like that it doesnt come with a plug-in cord
This charger is very picky when it wants to work.. to get it to work most of the time I have to make sure phone is set perfectly and in a specific direction
It doesnt work.  You have to find the sweet spot and when I did it would loose power if it was on.  I had to turn it off and it charged sooo slowly. The only reason I gave it two stars is because I liked the design of it. If only it would have worked!!
Not impressed Heats up both unit and phone Slow charging Maybe this standard for wireless chargers but Im not satisfied with its performace for what I paid PLUS they dont accept returns.  Wow this is a total waste.
Does not work with case very slow 640ma
ordered 2, first one stopped working completely after a couple months
I wish it worked, I really do. But it doesnt. Cool idea. Wont charge my phone for longer than a few seconds.
Works great but I have to take my phone cover off
didnt work for intended use
I ordered two since the price was very reasonable.  I havent tried the second one yet but the first one discharged my phone rather than charge it.  Fortunately it was very slow and I happened to check the charge progress before it left my phone with no charge.  Ill try the second one but doubt there will be a difference.  I bought what should have been inexpeensive but it turned out to just be cheap.  While Anker tried replacing the wireless charger and eventually refunded the full price there may have been a compatibility problem with the wireless chargers and my phone.  They did everything they could to remedy the situation but they may need to do some checking on compatibility.  Their device determined my phone was wireless charger capable but would never charge the phone.  This leaves me assuming either my phone wont wirelessly charge now even though it used to or there is actually a compatability problem.  I was using a Kyocers Brigadier that is about 18 months old.  I originally had a TYLT wireless charger that was great but it slowly failed.  Once again it may be my phone with a problem.
Doesnt work unless the phone is turned off..  Thats stinks... 1/2 the time it does not work
Have had this on the nightstand for a few days now. own a Samsung galaxy s7 edge. this thing will charge it overnight. But, you have to get it on there jussst right. Evan after using it for a few days, i have to set the phone on it atleast 3 times to get it in just the right spot to charge. it does function to charge your phone. has only the 2 lights, so not super bright or annoying. Got 1 of these https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01B1LT8Y0/ref=od_aui_detailpages00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 for about the same price, and much easier to set it down and it just charge.
After the long delay in receiving the product, I have now been able to try this out. I like the idea of being about to set my phone down for charging. This product does do that. However, I find it challenging placing the phone in just the right spot for the charging to begin. This is a bit frustrating in using the product. Really wish is was less touchy. There have been a few times I have set my phone in place thinking it was charging to later discover no charge took place. I have mixed feelings on this product.
Decent product. Best use is for overnight charging since the charging speed is on the slower side. Not sure if that is because of the device or because wireless charging in general is slower. Also, my biggest complaint more than the charging time is i have to place my phone just right on the device or else it wont charge. More often than not I have to move my phone around several times just for it to charge.
Its a bit iffy. Doesnt always charge properly for the S6 Edge+. It seems too small.
First attempt to charge and it was expected to be fully charged in 6 hours for a Galaxy s7. Tried multiple plugs and wires including what came with it. The worse part, the company wont do anything about it.
This item worked great for about a month and after that it began to have problems. The charging is spotty... it will charge for a minute and be off for a minute. This makes it take much longer to charge than when I originally received the item. I would rather spend the extra money to get the authorized Samsung wireless charger.
Does not seem to charge as fast as the cable
This unit wont charge my note 5 at all But only charges my galaxy s6 if its in the right position.
Doesnt maintain a constant connection, couldnt stand the constant alerts of connected, not connected.
Works. Nowhere near a fast charge. Nice for when Im going to bed.
Wireless charging is pretty cool, but maybe overrated because with this charging pad at least, my device charges a lot slower than it does when I plug it in. To be far, I dont if its my devide (S6 edge) or the charging pad, but considering I have to put the charging pad in just like I have to a cord, I dont see the point.
I have anker USB chargers that work great so I expected this to work well. However, it turned out that it never charged my iPhone with spigen case to 100%. It always halted somewhere during the night, waking up at with my phone at 70% or 80%. I replaced with a Spigen qi charger that was more expensive, but now everything works just fine. Dont buy.
Came with vague instructions therefore I couldnt tell if it was junk, or if I just didnt know how to do it 
Idk why I bought this. It does what its suppose to. But wireless charging is a waste of concept.
Wouldnt work with a cover on my phone.
******* Update******* After reading this Anker reached out to me. It seems this charger will not work with a case that is more than 5mm/0.2in thick. They are working on a new wireless charger they say will fix this. So they refunded my money without me sending back the charger. I remain a big fan of the company as my other three products from them are stellar. I bought this to use with my Motorola Nexus 6. It is the first Anker product I have purchased that is disappointing. It is fussy about phone placement. I have to put my phone in just the right spot for it to charge. It charges very, very, very s-l-o-w-l-y... It takes about six hours to fully charge my phone. My Motorola charger takes less than two and my Anker USB charger takes about two and a half. It heats up my phone. My Motorola charger does as well but it is a rapid charger at least. My Anker USB charger does not heat my phone. Very disappointing from an otherwise really good company.
It literally just does not work.
It  wont start
This worked for 1 day, got it for my husband for Fathers Day. It worked the first day he used it, now it will not charge his phone at all. Lame Sauce.
This product did not work with the Note 5 like it stated.
Really cool product! Works great for short periods of time however it overheats the phone if you charge it overnight.
I found didnt what I want I gave to my friend, he likes it, but find stop change before full-time change from JOHN Bradford
I purchased several of these. One doesnt work any more and so I dont believe I will purchase this brand again. I am very careful with all my chargers and dont understand why the charging pad stopped working. I still use the cord.
I dont find this necessary, but it is pretty nice to not have to search for the plug. It does not charge as quickly as I would hope, but I guess there needs to be some trade-off.
Charges very slow
My phone has to be sitting on this just right or it wont charge.  Sometimes it appears to be charging, but it will just flash on and off.  I ended up disconnecting it and just plug my phone in again.  Since I use my phone as an alarm clock and need it all day, I couldnt rely on waking up to a dead battery anymore.
Works well for wireless charging my Galaxy S7, but wont charge through the case I use.
Left my gs7 on this overnight, and it only charged the phone 23%.  I expected it to be slower than being plugged in directly, but this is a joke.  Using the samsung original charger with it too.
doesnt work with a otter box defender
Very slow charging. I dont even use it because it was so slow.
It only works if you have no cover "of any kind" on your device, and who uses a totally naked phone ?
It doesnt charge fast like it suppose to.
I was very disappointed first of all the cord had to be shoved in to work and if I move it just the slightest the cord just falls out....I ordered another brand to replace it...
Fair product but gets to warm.
The biggest waste of money! I set my phone on top of wireless charging device between 10-15 times before the light changes and starts charging. I would have been better off staying with the charging cord.
No fast charging possible! Would give 5 stars would it be possible.
Not very reliable...sometimes works and smooth times it doesnt.  Samsung has the best version!
My phone got VERY HOT! the charge was slow and to top that off, it was just the cord and no AC plug. It may be a fire waiting to happen. I only had it charging for 10 minutes.
Does not charge my phone until I turn it off and takes forever to charge.
It wont charge my A9 Samsung.
It is a slow charge but it is better than not having anything to charge your unit on
Not a good product. It does charge, but my wife had her Galaxy Note 5 on it all night (8+ hours) and it only charged her phone to 72% (from less than 40%). I do not recommend buying this. Get the actual Samsung Qi wireless charger.
After using this product for over four months I know it is absolutely useless. You must place the phone exactly right or it will not charge the phone. Also, the charging cable broke after just one month of use. I supplied a new and better quality cable to see if that improved the horrible charging time. but no luck. I no longer use this product as I would rather plug in a cable to charge my phone than wait for this thing to work. Save your money and DO NOT buy this!!!!!!!
Gets the job done
I bought two and neither work well with an otterbox defender case unless you set it on the charger just perfectly.  Without the case they work great. Edit: I must say the customer service of this company is great. The few times Ive had issues with their products,  theyve made things right very quickly.
Slow charging. Stops at about 50% charge. Not recommended. I should have gotten the Samsung qi.
Too slow when changing
Does not charge fast at all!  -I am not affiliated with this company or its products. -I paid full price for this product. Therefore the price I paid for the product does not influence my feedback or review. My reviews reflect the product at its full sale price. -I only leave positive feedback and reviews when the product meets my expectations. -If this review has been helpful, please click “yes”, or if Ive left anything out, feel free to ask. Your feedback will allow me to continue to leave helpful reviews of products. -When I am making my decision to buy a product online, I rely heavily on other’s reviews and feedback. In turn, I will only leave a fair, honest, and unbiased review of each product in the hopes that it will help others make informed decisions about the products they are considering purchasing.
This charger only works sometimes.  Also, it has to be plugged into the laptop (only) to charge.  Not useful at all.
I purchased four wireless chargers. I needed two each for the office and home. I did not know which one would work best and I am giving you my opinions of the four wireless Qi chargers in this review. Yootech triangle $14 http://amzn.com/B00NWMI07S Yeesite Charging stand: $22 http://amzn.com/B00UE9O0WQ Yeesite Bamboo charger $21 http://amzn.com/B00ZED4HMK Anker charger $12.50 http://amzn.com/B00Y839YMU I have a Motorola Droid Turbo 2 phone released in mid-November 2015. The phone also has Turbo Charge which is the same as Quick Charge 2.0. NONE of the wireless chargers will charge as fast as the Turbo or Quick Charge but the wireless does seem to charge about as fast as the regular wired charger. The Turbo or Quick Charge requires a special hi-power supply that is several times stronger than the regular USB wall power supplies and charges about 3 times faster than wireless or regular wired chargers. I did not test the 4 different chargers against each other for charging speed but they all seemed to charge at about the same rate using 2 amp USB wall power supplies. Most wireless chargers recommend using a 2 amp output or stronger power supply. Most do NOT include the power supply, only a USB cable. It simply makes sense that with an inductive charger the stronger the power source the stronger the charging field and the faster the charging. Only the Bamboo included a charger, therefore be prepared to supply your own 2 amp USB charger with most of these. One of the major problems with wireless or Qi charging is getting the phone on the sweet spot. If the phone is not positioned just right on the charger, it wont charge. This is a big issue as you can spend time jockeying the phone around on the charger to get it to recognize the charger and begin charging. Two of the chargers did excellent in ease of placement. The Youtech triangle was the easiest by far. If I placed the phone on the Yootech triangle, I got it right 9 of 10 times. It was easy to place and I rarely got it wrong. The stand was second with a caveat. My phone had to be raised about 1/2 inch to work. I simply placed a 9 volt battery on the stand and then put the phone on top of the 9 volt battery and it charged every time. I will rig something more visually appealing that is 1/2" high later. Wireless phone stands need a way of adjusting the height of the phone on the stand for varying sized phones or center charging spots on the phone. Although the 9v battery under the phone works, it is something the stand should have included to accommodate differing sized phones. Note: Your phone may not have a problem with the stand if the height is just right and thus you may need nothing to adjust the height. If thats the case, then the stand is the best bet because it is the easiest to place the phone and get right. With that consideration and a 9v battery, the stand wins hands down because it has positive placement and it keeps the phone in a position where you can see it on your desk with the Youtech triangle second. The bamboo was third and I could place it correctly about half the time and it looks exotic. The Anker was last and I could only place it correctly about a third of the time. The Anker does have the advantage of a more rubberized surface that keeps your phone from sliding off and it has the smallest footprint. Thus for mobile use the smaller size may weigh in heavily in its favor. Note: This was the response from Anker: "Sorry to hear that Anker wireless charger does not work in your desired way. As stated on listing, this is a single-coil wireless charger, which makes it a bit difficult for adjusting positioning for charging." All charged well but youve got to get it charging first, thus my emphasis on the charging sweet spot. I will carry one in my laptop bag and that will be the Youtech triangle since the stand is too big and awkward to fit into a laptop bag. I will probably relegate the Anker and Bamboo chargers to some distant desk and order additional Youtech triangles. The Youtech is not called a triangle by Youtech, it just has a triangular shape and perhaps that is what gives it such a large sweet spot that makes placing your phone in a working position so easy. Best: Yootech triangle http://amzn.com/B00NWMI07S Best with height adjustment: Charging stand: http://amzn.com/B00UE9O0WQ 3rd: Bamboo charger http://amzn.com/B00ZED4HMK 4th: Anker http://amzn.com/B00Y839YMU
Good thing is after I left a negative feedback, the company replaced them even after I only had them for 3 weeks.  Beware of their return policy.  No returns!!!!  BUT its still NOT working as expected.  Similar to other wireless chargers, this one most of the time you will have to place it DEAD center in order to charge it.  At times, it will not charge even after placing it dead center it signaled that it was charging. Recommended because its cheap but beware of their no return POLICY.  Have not tried the really expensive Samsung brand to see if theres a difference.  Does charge somewhat FAST enough.
Waste of money - too slow to be practical for me. My Galaxy S6 phone has a super thin plastic sleeve and would begin charging just fine but I never had the time to let it fully charge through this device. Using the fast 2 amp charger that came with the phone it takes about 45 min to charge my phone from 10% to 100%. With the same charger (which meets the requirements stated for the device) connected to the device, on several attempts it took 45 min to charge from 10% to 20% at which point I had to switch to the direct charge because I couldnt wait for another 6+ hours for the phone to get charged. Update 11/16/2015: Amazing customer support. After I wrote this review Anker contacted me via e-mail me and arranged for replacement. The model that I received was different than the one that I originally ordered (I liked the look and feel of the one that I bought better) but is working well and charges my phone from 15% to 100% in under 3 hours (~2.5) which is what I expected from a wireless charger. My original rating was 2 stars and I increased it to 3 only based on the customer support - its really nice to see that companies that care about their customers satisfaction still exist. While the new charger that I received works well and I would probably give it 4 stars it would be misleading for me to give that rating to the charger that I originally bought.
Very unhappy with this piece of crap. It seems to "work" just fine but once the phone is removed from the "wireless" charger the battery drains three times as fast. DO NOT WASTE your money.
Purchased two of these devices. It was delivered as promised and the product was in good working condition. I currently have the Qi from Samsung OEM and it works fine. It typically is taking about 30% longer to charge my devices over that of the rapid fast charger plug-in. I have a Galaxy 7 Edge. The device comes with a 3ft cord which is not ideal for areas where this needs to be placed for me, desk & nightstand. The pad is much smaller than the device so there is a balancing act you must perform in the beginning to get it to charge which limits the amount of space in which you can easily place it on the device.  The greatest problem of all... AMAZON WONT ALLOW YOU TO RETURN THE PRODUCT!! To respond to the listing bullet points: 1. Qi Compatible cover: True, however, you must have a thin case on your phone for this to work. This means if you have a case on your phone you need to remove it to place it on the Qi charger. With the Samsung OEM, this is not an issue. 2. LED Indicator Lights: Red means its ready to charge, blue is charging, and both together let you know your device is fully charged: In order to see these lights you must constantly look under the phone. Charge time is 20-25% longer. I was able to find refurbished OEM of Samsung that works just as good as these. Im stuck with them unfortunately and wouldnt gift them or sell them to anyone else.
Ive tried two of these, with both a Nexus 4 and a Samsung Galaxy S6, for a couple months now.  They do work, but just barely.  The phone has to be positioned just right, the slightest touch will break the connection and even when it works the charge speed is so slow as to be hardly worth the effort.  I bought these hoping they would be faster and easier than plugging in a charge cable but sadly its the opposite. They do make acceptable coffee coasters.
Just be aware that most Samsung Galaxy S4 phones are not Qi compatible. This product is not returnable.
Horrible.  Charges for about 2 seconds then starts blinking and is no longer charging your phone.  Better to just go with the true thing, a little more expensive but at least you have a charged phone when you need it.
Works fine. Does not come with a wall charger
First let me start off by saying that I was extremely reluctant to buy a wireless charger in the first place.  The reviews are so across the board with so many different types of phones that I wasnt even sure if this was an endeavor I wanted to undertake but I thought that I would enjoy the convenience of not having to grope around in the dark for the cable on my nightstand.  I have an LG V10, it doesnt come with wireless charging capabilities but there are numerous backs with the Qi sticker needed to give the phone the capability. I found one with good reviews and purchased it, then I decided to buy a wireless charging pad.  Enter the Anker coaster as I have come to call it because it is now a drink coaster.  Dont get me wrong I like Anker products.  I have bought charging cables and external batteries that carry the Anker name and have always been very satisfied with all the products I have received.  The day I got this I was pretty excited.  The packaging was simple and the instructions were short and easy to read.  I plugged it in and set my phone on the charger, the blue light came on and I walked away.  My phone was at about 20%.  I came back about ten minutes later to check on it and it was at 12% and the phone was extremely hot to the touch.  I took it off and turned the phone off to let it cool down.  I left it off the rest of the day.  The next day I tried again, I put the phone on and moved it slightly from where I had it set it the previous day hoping that I had just missed that sweet spot that I kept reading about.  The phone was at 50%.  About three minutes later it went up to 51% then began to drop rapidly about a percent a minute and the phone began to heat up so I took it off and scratched my head in wonder.  The third day I tried again this time moving it a little bit more while making sure the blue light stayed on.  This time it took less than five minutes for the phone to get hot to the touch.  I took it off and gave up.  I will revisit this when wireless charging technology gets better.
Small compact wireless charger.  It charges through the case on my nexus 6.  It does not overcharge as it automatically stops charging after battery reaches maximum capacity.  Has two separate LEDS that let you know when it is charging and when it is not charging.  The cons are that it charges much slower than the turbo charger that came with my nexus 6 and it overheats.  The output is only 1 AMP so it takes a full night to charge the phone.  My phone is also very hot right after charging it.  The charger itself is hot too.  Not sure if it was defective but due to my phone feeling really hot and takes a whole night to charge, I dont use it and asked for a refund.  I used the recommended 2 amp input for the ac adapter.
It woks if I remove the case and place the bare phone(Nexus 6) on the charger. Not working with the case on. So for me it is not practical to use the charger, by removing the case every time. I use " " as the phone goes to my belt holster and not to into my pockets(You know why:)) when ever I am not using it. I value my phone and my body parts more than the slight inconvenience of plugging the phone for charging. So if you are like me, who use this case or any thing similar you will be disappointed. I tried to return it but Amazon says that this product is not returnable. I  just need to find some thing more powerful and donate this at work for some one who can use it.
Charges kind of slow and you have to move the phone in the right spot. It works when it wants too, I recommend shop for something else.
charges incredibly slow even with a fast charger plugged into it. woke up to 50% battery .
On first night of use, it beeped throughout the whole night as it kept becoming connected/ unconnected.  Tried every position for the phone (samsung galaxy s6) on top with same results.  Went to bed with 60 percent battery, woke up with 15 percent.
The charging LED light indicator is under the cell phone while charging. It makes very hard to see if the phone is charging or not. Plus you need to put the cell phone at very best position to get charged. Sometimes I tried 4-5 times and still not working....
Dont believe the posting - it didnt work with my Nexus 6. Its too small to focus on the area where the coil is underneath the phones back - I fussed with it repeatedly but could never get it to charge consistently at all. Could almost position it to charge steadily, but then one side of the phone was off the pad and would fall over onto my desk. Worked fine with a friends Nexus 4. Ankers support was shoddy at best - days between emails and not much interest anyway.
You have to set it a couple of times for it to charge its a hassle
Only works when it wants to.wireless charging for my note 5.should bought the samsung made for note 5.this one only works sometimes.
It want charge a tablet
Difficult to find aweet spot to charge. May be better on other devices
Pros: - Just drop phone on it, it begins charging. - Increases your phones Micro-USB port longevity (by not being in used, it takes less abuse) - Small - If it ever breaks, can use it for a cup coaster Cons: - Have to place it perfectly in center for it to charge - If you have big phone like (Galaxy S6 Edge Plus), it hides the charging light so you have to check reflection of ligh ton table beneath to see if its charging or not or if its charged. -The rubber ring for grip on top gets drity
I have been disappointed in the wireless charger due to the inconsistency of the unit actually charging. Its a pretty simple unit to operate. Plug in the USB cable to the base of the pad and the other end into the AC  adapter which is plugged into a 110v outlet. All well and good. Now, place your phone with the back of the phone facing the charging pad. I had to move the phone around the pad to get it to start charging. There is a red light on the edge of the pad which turns blue when properly placed and phone began charging, sometimes. There have been times when the blue light came on and an .hour or two later the phone had either stayed at the percentage it started with, or it actually lost part of the charge!
It doesnt work for any of our samsungs its just sitting around being useless, you get what you pay for!
Dont work with a case on if ya have a case on u have to press extra hard on the pjone to get it to work
Update 1-30-19:  Unit finally died after 3 years.  Replaced it with the Anker Fast Wireless Charger, 10W Wireless Charging Stand.  Much easier to position my Galaxy S8 and very fast charging (2 hours from 50%) even with the Otter Defender case using the 9V adapter that came with the S8. Works great with the Exelium UPMSS5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Magnetized Wireless Receiver Patch on my Galaxy S5. Since its round and the Galaxy S5 is rectangular it took a few tries to determine the best location to ensure continuous charge.  Instructions say both the red and blue lights should come on when charge is complete.  This didnt happen with my unit.  Anker offered to replace it but, since the Galaxy S5 notification light turns green when fully charged, I didnt bother.  Havent timed a full recharge but its less than 8 hours.  I bought the Vinsic 2.4A charger to go with it since the Galaxy charger is only 1.5A.
ok
Doesnt work as advertised and had trouble charging in general save your money
Do not bought this s*** does not work even for 1  second its more than horrible.Its sucks and the problem us i called someone in there 1809 He asked me a lot of questions about everything concern this wireless charger. In the end he told me hes gonna send to me $500 amazone gift card and 3 wireless charger. Until now i do not recieve anything from them wgat i get is they sent an e mail to me saying they dont recieve anything from me What you think for me us something like a jokes.
Very, very slow to charge. 10% charge per hour for my Samsung Note 5.
I have 3 wireless chargers and 2 different wireless cards inside 2 phones. On this charger it is difficult to get the positioning just right to get the phones to charge. The other 2 chargers do not have such issues.
It doesnt work on my other phones, I have s5 galax
Sometimes it doesnt work. I have the same phone as my husband, but we use different phone cases. It works for my husband - he has  Ultra Slim Fit Dual Layer Hybrid Case. It doesnt work for me - I have a Wallet Case.
It charges my phone but not when my phone is inside a case. Compare the the samsung wireless charger, the Anker is smaller.
Dont know if its Qi technology, my nexus 6 or this product but it is incredibly finicky on where my phone must be placed to charge, heats the phone noticeably more than charging by cord and is not particularly fast. Hard to decide if I am displeased with this product or the technology.
We have both a Galaxy note 5 and S6 and they both charge very slowly or not at all with this charger. We also had to remove our phones from the case to make it work at all and even then it would pop up on the phone with an error message that it wasnt charging.
Difficult to center sometimes. Phone  has to be placed just right to work. Light is underneath the phone so its hard to see when it does charge.
I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my daughter so dont have any reviews on it yet
This charger stopped working 2 weeks after I received it, arrived December 2nd and stopped working December 10th. It is not eligible for return,dont know why,but I didnt recommend this product.The company reached out and replaced the item without a problem,good job!!!!!!
Stopped working for me and you cant return it! Dont buy!
Worked great...for a month. The first month these chargers were perfect (I ordered two). However, they now only partly charge anything. Ive tested both of them with two different phones. Its not uncommon to put the phone on the charger at night and wake up to a 60% charged battery. Unfortunately Im out of the return period. If you get a set that continues to work, then these are a good buy.
Did not work with my device as advertised. Need another device to sync with this device.
Didnt work and want to return. Tried to return but Amazon would not allow. Be careful when ordering this because your not allowed to return it.
This charger is a little touchy compared to the other one I bought (different brand). It still works fine. It just takes a second to find the sweet spot.
It works very well on my Samsung Galaxy phone. But did nothing for my Apple IPad.. Semisatisfied. I probably  wouldnt buy it again or encourage others if they want to use anything but their cell phone.
It works and it was cheep, but it charges too slowly,  and it takes more effort aligning my phone perfectly to the pad then to just plug the USB cord directly. Essentially,  wireless charging is just a novelty at this point,  but once that wears out, youll be back to plugging in your phone into a Quick Charge 2.0 charger.
Little smaller than anticipated, but doesnt seem to be a factor.  Works very well and seems to charge fast enough. Having used the wireless charger, size does matter.  Somehow every time I use this charger, my phone manages to fall off.  My wife said it would not charge he phone overnight, but I suspect the phone was not centered on the charger.  Also, it does not charge as fast as the Samsung wireless charger.  Very disappointed in Anker, as I have always been impressed with their products.
The charging pad works perfectly when it does what its supposed to. I used this with my Moto Nexus 6 and had no issues the first couple of weeks using it. One morning I woke up, grabbed my phone and noticed that i was only at 28% battery even though it had been charging all night. I placed it on the pad like I had done so before, this time however, something went wrong. The back of my phone was very hot, almost too hot to touch. After letting my phone cool down, I plugged it into a normal AC charger and it charged like normal. I dont know if that was just a freak accident that happened or what, but I would rather not have to worry about overheating and potential battery damage than to continue using it.
DOES NOT WORK WELL!  With phone sitting perfectly still on the cradle, the phone beeps in & out of charging.  I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my husband & the packaging was thrown away on Christmas day, otherwise, I would return it.  I had high hopes.
Waste of money.Pure junk.I have Qi enabled phone and it doesnt work.
I tried with various phones but does not work. I would like to return it :-(
There are better wireless chargers, this one seems to shut down at 100% and then stops charging so my phone is down in the 80s by morning. It is also super hard to get it to start charging, probably  because I have a thick case, but I have another charger that works great. **update** Anker did go out of there way to make it right for me, issuing a full refund and sending a charging cord.  Although that doesnt make this charger any better at least the company is paying attention to their customers!!! I did not hesitate to buy from them for a different product. Thanks Rob
I used a USB meter to determine the ideal charging location for the phone on the pad. I used an anker 2 amp usb power supply. I charged it overnight several times. In the morning the phone would only be charged to about 70%. I have an LG G3 with the charging sticker properly placed. I then purchased the Choe 3 coil Qi charger. That device charges my phone to 100%.
Not able to return the product.
This is not working. It takes more time than normal charging. The device and the phone is getting heated up very fast instead of charging. Buy a cooler with this device for better results...
Doesnt even work!  Claimed to work with the Samsung S6Edge+ but does not.
I can,t seem to get too work.
Takes too much time getting the placement right for the phone in order for it work
The wireless pad broke so disappointing
suck
A very testy charging pad without an included cable - you have to get your phone on this _just right_
Doesnt work through my phone case -- only functions when phone is directly placed on unit.  Useless item because Im not going to remove my protective case and Seller would not allow me to return it. But....major props once again to Amazon for assisting me with the return!!  Thank you, Amazon!!
Extremely slow charger!
I bought 2 of these and while it does appear to "charge" my Nexus 6, the charge does not hold very well and by that I mean if I leave my phone on it for a while and then start using it. The battery only lasts 1/3 of the time it should where if I just plug in the normal way all is well. On top of that it takes FOR EVER to get a full charge and it makes my phone get pretty hot to the touch. Sorry Anker, I love your USB cables but this is a fail.
I love this charger when it works but have found is sometimes stops charging in the middle of the night even though I put my Note 3 on it and saw the charger start. Also, you have to place it in just the right spot or it wont start charging which is a pain in the you know where! The case Im using is an Otterbox Defender.
Though it was a quick charger and it wasnt
TAKES ALMOST ALL NIGHT TO CHARGE ZERO TO FULL ON SAMSUNG GALAXY EDGE
I will put my phone on the base and it will charge for about 5 seconds for the indicator light turns red.  Doesnt work
not liked really... take a lot connect with the device...
product made my phone(GalaxyS6 Edge) hot when charging, which the plug in cord does not.  Were talking, hot to the touch, not just warm.  I know devices can get "warm" from charging, but this was very hot,
It charges - but is really hard to find the "sweet spot" so many days I wake up with my phone not charged
It does not work through my otter box.
Works ok but too small and requires me to reposition my phone many times for it to charge.  I do like the led that turns blue to let me know the phone has started charging.
Am I the only one that has issues with all of my chargers?  I purchased 3 and they all stopped working. Am I doing something wrong?
You have to position your phone right on the sweet spot to get it to charge, I used it three nights in a row and each morning I would wake up to a half dead phone. Bought a better one for home and use this one for work where I can watch to make sure that it is charging.
They were okay at the first purchase, but stopped functioning after 2months. Presently the wireless chargers power ports l procured have stopped working, barely less than 3 months after purchase
Maybe I got a bad 1 but mine charged consistently for about a month then 1 day nothing thought it might have been the card I was using so I tried my 360 and nothing
too small of a footprint
This works, but it seems to charge my Nexus 6 very slowly (sometimes not even a full charge after a whole night).
Not compatible with Anker 6 port 2A USB power supply(Model A2123).
Good option to save USB charging port which can fail after many plug-in/outs. Does need some better way to display status. Small light indicating charging status hidden by device being charged.
Dont know if it works well with other phones. I have a new Droid Turbo2. The convenience of this wireless charger is thoroughly negated by the slowness of its performance. Sorry, Anker. It works but my expectations were a little higher
Have to line the phone up just right on the stand. Even then the charge is fairly slow. If not lined up perfectly, the phone will charge then stop again and again, especially if starting at low or critical battery.
I bought both this and the popular Yootech equivalent device (http://www.amazon.com/Wireless-Charger-Yootech-Charging-Qi-Enabled/dp/B00SJ0MWCM) with the Yootech being the better one.  In comparison, the Anker model has a much smaller sweet spot for positioning your phone and requires a little more attention to center up for charging.  Also, the Anker wireless charger doesnt seem to pair well with the Anker 5-port usb charger (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GTGETFG) whereas the Anker wireless seemed to work much better paired with the Samsung phone charger.  It is certainly a mystery to me why a company doesnt vet their products better with mating parts. All in all, it still works well with my Samsung phone charger thus 3 stars.  Given the choice, buy the Yootech.
Works well, but you have to place the phone just right. This may be due to the wireless charging case I am using.
Worked one day now it is hit or miss. Works better than Samsung pod which doesnt work at all. I need something dependable for charging. This isnt it. Other Anker products have been great but this not at all.
Its a good price for the product.  But i dont like to take my cell out of the case for charging.
Worked for a week and a half this is why i hate amazon
It doesnt work through the case. You have to remove the case to work.
Decent charger. Works with defender case. I dont like the amount of heat it produces.
It only charges my device to 85%.
GS7 edge  didnt charge my phone
This charger not even able to charge "ANY" one of my phones at all, I have to remove phone back cover to make this charge function. Question is if I have to remove phone cover everytime to take charge, why dont just plug in my regular phone charger instead this wireless? One thing even worse, they dont take it back! Thats mean they had your money and you screwed. "DO NOT" buy this product and even any products of this company. Shame on you to have this product on market.
Its like a table for charging ,useless charger since its not charging unless the phone is directly above the charger 
It was a gift.
Not working with Case.. Have to remove mobile case then it charge, useless for me. Using normal charger because every time removing case is not possible, another worst thing product is not returnable .waste of money
devices with even this cases may or may not charge with this unit. If you remove the case..... all is well.
It did not work for my phone
My anker wireless charger only works for about 1 minute then starts lighting up weird then turns red and stops charging ,i give it 1 star because it worked for 2 days,im prolly gonna try a more expensive brand and hope for the best
Didnt work for my Nokia Lumia 822. I bought the wireless charging case, too. I gave it to a friend with a Samsung galaxy, it works with her phone... You should also know that you can not return it if it doesnt work for you.
This one works good
Horrible. Does not work with my otterbox case on my Galaxy S6! What good is the convenience of wireless if I have to remove it from the case? I could plug it in for all of that!!!!
It works occasionally with my Samsung S7.  I have ended up getting the actual Samsung hockey puck charger.
Sometimes it starts charging,  sometimes it doesnt.  Its a disappointment.
I dont even use the charging base because my phone doesnt stay charging on it. I just use the plug, which defeats the whole purpose. There are no returns on this, so I would not recommend buying it.
doesnt work well if you have phone in a case or protector....not happy with this purchase.
The phone has to be ok there just right or it wont charge, I have issues with it turning my phone on and off repeatedly while its just sitting there doing the charging/not charging thing continuously.  Eventually just kills the battery percentage I had when I put it on there.
Deceiving product..says wireless all over the title and descriptions and yet it has to stay plugged in to work..so whats the point
Utter price of junk.  Even Amazon wouldnt take them. Back but still game me a refund.  Enough said!
a little bit finicky, sometimes i need to reboot my S6 to get it to charge fast, not an issue with my Spigen charger.
It didnt charge my phone at all. I left it on the charger over night and when I woke up, I had about 30%.
Wasnt inpressed with this product,  i thought it was wireless and it charges very slow and constantly have to check to make sure its even centered or it wont charge because its alot smaller than what i had expected,  not the right product for the bigger phones and i dont know why it takes for ever to charge. Delivery took about a week or more also, its the slowest ive gotten anything on here.
[UPDATED] Anker customer service contacted me out of the blue based on this review, and they have been fantastic.  While they did not have this item in stock to send me a new one to try, they offered me a different product of similar value.  Based on the customer service and the fact that the wireless charger does work to charge the phone and will be fine for some people, I have updated my score from 1 to 3 stars. I was disappointed when writing the first review since this was the 2nd Qi travel charger Ive tried, so I was overly harsh in my star rating. Other reviewers have had the same complaint, though, so Im doubtful that my unit was defective.  Anker customer service has been phenomenal, though! [Original review] I really wanted to like this (for travel), and I did at first...until I tried using it overnight.  It does charge my phone (without annoying beeps like the Eco one makes), but when the phone reaches 100% charge, it stops charging the phone and doesnt resume; its just like you took the phone off the charger.  So, for example, if you keep the phone on the charger for 10 hours overnight, and it reaches full charge after 2 hours, youll have 8 hours of battery drain when you take it off the charger in the morning (2 hours of charge, and 8 hours of no charge). I really dont understand this design decision...its like they designed this 20 years ago when cell phones could overcharge if left plugged in.
This product didnt work as expected. It took 30 mts to charge 1% more
Makes phone extremely hot
Doesnt charge through the slimmest of cases so dont buy unless you plan to strip down to the bare phone every time. Plus it isnt returnable a week after receipt.
Worst purchase ever! This charger works for about 2 seconds then stops, repeating the process. Dont waste your money!
The product did not work for my Note 5. It does come with a nice long wire to charge it. It also is well made and sturdy. I wish it wouldve worked but I tried everything.
This charger works but... its tiny. My phone has to be propped up on something so it can balance on this charger. Also very weak. Easily disconnects and has trouble charging through thin cases.
does not work if you have a case on your phone, wont reach phone that is in a case to charge it, kinda disappointed but u get what u pay for
Hard to get phone in the right spot.  Not too reliable.
It was cheap and affordable but it didnt charge my phone very fast. Since I bought this back last Christmas, theyve came out with a bigger better and faster charging  one, but unfortunately I dont care much for it since it was just a curious purchase Ive made just to see the technology of wireless had to offer. It might not be a bad option if something were to happen to the original usb charging port and you were unabled to charge it using the USB port. I would recommend buying one with a bigger surface cause the phones we have these days are too large and it takes time tinkering with your phone placing it onto the charging device to get it to work just right. Sorry for make a review this long but that has been my experience with this particular item.
I purchased two of them during the holidays, one of them has been working fine. The other has been giving me issues less than a month after. At first I thought it was due to the heavy duty cover on my phone. So I have been trying it without the cover and it charges for a few minutes then it switches to a blinking red light. The other one charges the phone with the cover no problem (an Otter defender case for reference) but not this one. So in short this is a good deal to get if you want to test your luck, when it works it does what is advertised for a good price. But if you happen to get a defective one like me well then good luck.
I only recommended as a backup,  because the price,  but sometimes its hard to make it work,  you have to find the right spot to set the phone,  I recommend the Moko Qi that always work.
Doesnt work with iPhone 6s Plus.
Just got the nexus 6 and its a huge batterie. Unfortunately the charger only charges my phone to 75% next because of my big batterie. That said it worked perfectly fine with my nexus 5
Do not charge my nexus 5
Got it and never worked.
It a poor quality item. It has such a narrow spot of activation that its much much quicker and easier to just manually plug in the phone to charge it then to find the sweet spot to get the phone to charge. I spend at least 20+ seconds to get wireless charge units to line up with my wife laughs at me for trying something that will save my time. You been warned.
Doesnt work on the Nexus 6 like it says in the description
Didnt work
This piece of equipment works as advertised, but it has a fundamental design flaw. The LED indicators, the little lights that tell you if your device is charging, are in such a place so that they hidden by almost any phone that you would use with this device. Simply, put, there is no realistically accessible way to tell if the device is working without turning on your phone.
EDIT: I received a replacement from Anker that seems to be working much better than the first one did. Thank you Anker! It doesnt seem to work consistently. The spot to charge seemed very sensitive, the charging light sometimes turns on even when its not actually charging the device, and sometimes the phone doesnt get fully charged after a full night. I contacted Anker and they offered me a partial refund. I like Anker brand, but this product definitely didnt meet my expectations.
Sometimes works great and sometimes I walk away and my galaxy s6 overheats and the battery is actually drained more than if it wasnt charging at all. Also, does not charge as fast as plug in charger or my Samsung brand induction charger.
It works for the price
my Samsung phone must be placed precisely atop this charger, or it doesnt charge...a nuisance to wake up for work each morning w uncharged phone.
Doesnt work/not compatible with Samsung Galaxy S5 phone.
Worked just over a month. Now will charge for 3 minutes then flash red. Used with a new Note 5.
Everything is read about the charger looked good, until I ordered the Qi, I guess Im just unlucky,  it didnt work. Amazon refunded me and the company was sorry it didnt work. I thinking about getting another one, I like the charger.
You have to get it just right if you have an Otterbox commuter  cover.
Works ok, but has to be set right on the sweet spot to charge. It needs some guidelines or something to help place the phone in the right spot on the small charging disc. There have been several mornings where my phone was dead. It shows that it is charging when you first set it down, but if not in the perfect spot, it does not continue to charge at some point in the night. Maybe a charge pad would be better....on to the next product for me, I cant afford hit and miss charging, I need my phone to be charged and ready to go in the morning.
Did not work well with my phone switched to Samsung and now have no problems
it doesnt work
This item is ok. Why just ok? Well ok it charges the phone in the case 50% of the time the other half i have to take it out. I dont have a super industrial case. I have a spigen S7 edge wallet case. Also the charger is just one coil so it has to sit on the charger perfectly for it to work. So this is why this is just an ok charger.
it does not work instead of charging it takes the power away. I dont recommend this product
Dumpster item. Does not work on a Nexus 6p
Worked twice with my note5 but then suddenly stopped charging. Loved it when it did work but bummed out that it completely stopped working
Does not work I would like my money back
Extremely picky phone placement.  Spent several minutes trying to find the charge position for my droid turbo 2 without a case on.  Once it started charging I received a warning on my phone that the output charge was low/slow. Battery was at 34%, I left my phone on it for 10 hours and the battery was only at 97%.  My friends TYLT wireless charger was able to charge my phone from 14% to full in under 4 hours (not sure of the exact time because I left and came back). I own other Anker products and they all work as expected. Even my power bank can charge my phone much faster. Anker really failed my expectations with this product. It will be going in the trash.
4/22/16: Anke has great products and great customer service. I contacted them to let them know what was going on and they replaced the malfunctioning product at no charge to me.  The new product works fine.  This charger as I already mentioned is not meant to be a fast wireless charger so it take a long time to charge from this pad.  I keep this one on my kitchen counter to just drop the phone on there every once in a while.  I would love to see Anker come out with a fast charger. 3/29/16: Okay so this is an update to my first review.  Ive now lowered the rating on this.  Ive been using this for only a couple weeks and now its not working right.  It works sporadically.  Ill lay it down on the charger, the phone will do its thing to show it is charging and the LED on the charger will show it is charging.  Then when I wake up the battery is about dead because it didnt charge at all.  So Im not really sure what has happened to this product but its been way to short of a time for it to start to not work.  Which is a shame.  Im a big fan of Anker products.  I hope this helps.  Ill update again if anything changes. Works really good. For some reason I thought this was a fast wireless charger when I got it but thats my bad. I was looking at a lot of different ones and must have gotten confused. That being said, Im a fan of Anker products and although it charges slow is still not bad to have on the kitchen counter to just set the phone on as youre cooking or cleaning.
I ordered this for myself for Christmas. Loved it for 3 days and now it starts to charge and stops immediately. Also sounds like a very low humming noise that I did not notice when it was charging correctly. Amazon could not replace as this item is deemed hazardess. I wanted it to work so bad for the convince factor.
(Updated) Product stopped working as of last night. After placing phone on it, it constantly goes from "charging" to "charging paused". Works great! No problems here! Verizon charges $50 for the SAME THING. If you were thinking about getting a wireless charger, you cant go wrong here- especially is only being $12. I honestly recommend this product!
Doesnt charge my phone most of the time, it will start charging, but when I come back to get my phone, the battery will not be juiced up and LED is blinking.
It works. Slowly. And the phone has to be placed just right.  I spend more time assuring myself that the phone is charging by moving it a fraction of an inch here or there than I ever spent plugging the original charger in. I do have to say though that my expectations may have been too high. I have modified this review to mention that Anker read it, and were concerned enough to send me their wired charging block to compensate for my dissatisfaction. I also own an Anker multiple usb charger. They are a good, fair and reliable company and I recommend their products.
Update 2016-03-08: I have to lower my review again.  My phone gets so hot to the touch that I stopped using the charger in fear of damaging my phone.  Also it charges half as fast as plugging the USB cable directly into my phone so its just not worth it. Update 2015-12-28: Customer Service contacted me and sent me a replacement charger.  The new charger seems faster and my phone no longer over heats when charging. So it seems my previous negative review was due to a faulty charger. It technically works, but its very slow.  Im using it with an Anker dual port usb charger.  I wouldnt recommend using it when you sleep as it stops charging when it reaches 100%, this is a phone hardware limitation.  I started using it at work, but the charge is so slow I found myself plugging the cable directly to my phone instead.
It takes forever to charge. It makes a low beeping noise when it isnt charging. I have to make sure make sure it is charging every so often because it always decides it doesnt want to charge. I hate this product I went back to a regular charger
It is not working well. I had my phone on it all night and it charged from15% to 35%. The idea was great, but the execution was not.
Not as good as OEM but smaller, and usually get the job done. It has a lot of annoying flashing, and every now and then does not charge overnight due to some reason. In a dark room, the blue flashing can get annoying, and aligning the LED away from the bed can be more challenging. The upside is it is a small footprint and works well on the desk.
I bought this after reading through everything and getting the appropriate QI based case - etc.  Only if I remove the battery does any charge come through  - well sometimes it works and sometimes it does not with either cases and/or take the back off.  have a note 5 and have latest blackberry and IPhone tested. the fact that you cant return the item give me an hesitation on every buying from these folks again.  otherwise, its a quick 15 bucks that went down the drain. oh well, can expect miracles.
This is an extremely slow charger and a total waste of money. I am going to return it for sure!
This item never worked from the time I got it out of the box. It is a piece of crap. DO NOT BUY!!!!! It will nt work and is npt eligible to return. Buy something that is returnable.
Just doesnt work. I have a Samsung 6 and the light stays red and it will not charge. They did promptly refund my money.
Wont keep my Microsoft 950 XL charged up - gave it away to an android user at work...  They loved it.  Ha!
It works just perfect. Unless you have your phone in a case. It will not charge your phone while its in a case. So is plugging my phone into charge or pulling it out of the case to charge. I choose to plug it in its easier than getting my phone out of the case
does not suport s5 :(
Does not charge my Samsung 6 plus, Edge.
Does not work while in a case to much trouble to take out and put back in case
It does its job for my s6 but it takes 4 hours or over night..
Dont buy it, its just a waste of money, does not work at all.
Works, but just OK. hard to find the sweet spot  The Company  is very good with support!
Works well but its a pain in the butt centering it on the pedestal and if you bump it and dont realize it you are not charging
I bought it for my LG; without reading that is not compatible.
Slow to indicate charging on my Galaxy S (with cover adapter).  Wished it wouldve come with a USB power plug, maybe its not getting enough amps to properly charge my phone.
Did not work on my phone, I have a Samsung galaxy mega 2
Charger works great if phone is set on the right spot. I have an iPhone 6s Plus with a wireless charging case but the wireless charger is a little too small and takes a few tries for it to work correctly.
Not worth it.  Have to get the phone just right to get it to charge.  Do not buy.
I havent yet  been able to get the thing to charge! I plugged it into my computer, no go. Then I plugged it into the wall, again after four hours, still wasnt charged.
The Charge time is really slow and im kinda bummed that i cant even return it. I shouldve just spent the money and bought a real fast charging wireless charger.
The charge time is soooooo slow! I bought it because it was on sale and I always wanted one. After seeing 5 % in 20 minutes, I regret this purchase.
While it does work with any type of wireless charging phone, it is an excruciatingly slow recharge.
Was excited with this charger for my brand new Galaxy S7 Edge from T Mobile, but it just doesnt work 9 times out of 10! I tried everything, including removing my very thin skin, but it still didnt work most of the time. Very disappointed.
Horrible product! It simply doesnt work. It worked for the first week but even then I had to position my phone just right for a charge. Its inexpensive but still no worth it.
Gets really hot and charges rather slowly.
Ive had this charge for about 4 months now, and I really liked this product for the first couple of months. For the first couple of months, it worked perfectly, charging my phone through the case, charging very quickly. Over the last month or so, the charging pad has stopped working most of the time (the cable attached to the pad still works). I bought this product for the pad part because it is so convenient, and Im very disappointed with how quickly it malfunctioned. I do not plan to buy this product again, and would recommend for others to save themselves the wasted money.
Doesnt work and you cant return dont buy!
Works well -  just not worth the cost compared to cheaper models.
It doesnt work!  It wont charge any smartphone.  Probably defective
Yea it works ok.  But it comes with a tiny power cord that only goes to usb.  They dont give you an adapter for a wall socket.  And it comes with a 3 foot cord?  Wait though, what a wild coincidence, this company also makes charging cables.  How convenient they have set themselves up for another sale.  Chicken sh*ts.
Hard to align my galaxy s6.
I bought some days ago very poor quality snd what surprise it is not eligible for return it works only one time after that it did not work Dont wast your money , very baaaad I am so disappointed.
Not overly impressed, the mini usb port connecting the charger to the power cord comes out much to easily and stops charging. If the phone is not lined up perfectly it will not charge. I have woken up a few nights to a phone with no battery.
not as expected.
Was surprised that this was not sold with a USB/outlet converter; I fortunately was able to procure one from a friend, but it is shocking that a charger would be sold only with a USB power source connection, with is rather limiting. Would not have purchased if it was clear that there was no ability to use with an outlet (without an additional purchase).
Left my Samsung Galaxy 6s on it all night it dont charge at all. Do not buy.
Hard to line up my phone over the "sweet spot" - sometimes my phone gets hot.  Otherwise ok. It does what I need it to do. Edited a year-ish later: 15 months later, this item stopped working, and stopped working ABRUPTLY. I have had this on my nightstand for the last year, and habitually used it nightly to charge my phone - first a Sony Xperia Z3v and now a Samsung Galaxy S7.  Its been a pain to line up perfectly on the first try, but the little blue light indicator let me know when I got it to the right spot. But then, out of the blue, I put my phone on it the other night - like I do every night - and the little blue light didnt come on.  I picked my phone up and placed it carefully again.  Nothing.  Repeat the maneuver 3 or 4 more times, even unplugging the charger and plugging it back in.  The little red light is on.  Put the phone done, aligning it as perfectly as I am able.  Little red light stays on. No little blue light. Maybe its the outlet - I moved into this house 2 months ago, and its old, so maybe this outlet is acting up.  Plug in a regular charger, plug that into my phone....good. Juice. Its not the outlet.  Nevertheless, I move the wireless charger to another outlet in another room, and test it there.  No dice. Back to the nightstand.  One last try.  Now the little red light starts FLASHING.  What does this mean??  I unplug. Replug. Place phone.  Nothing. Ive been testing this at different temperatures, in different rooms, at different times of day, with different levels of charge on my phone.  No change.  Mostly, the little red light stays on, no matter where or how I place my phone on it.  Sometimes the little red light starts flashing. Before this, I had bought one of those super cheap knockoff chargers - looks like a TYLT, but only cost $15 or so.  That thing lasted about the same amount of time as this did, cost less, and was easier to line up.  Guess if all the manufacturers are making the same kind of disposable technology, I may as  well buy the cheap stuff and save a few bucks, plus gain convenience.  Too bad.  Anker was recommended as a quality brand.  Profoundly disappointed.
No good
Its a smaller wireless charger so you have to make sure your phone is centered on it. The charger itself may be QI but Im wondering if the USB cord they included is not? Because it definitely was not fast charging my Galaxy S6 as advertised.
for some reason it dont charge my phone is it possible to return it
Very unstable and wouldnt charge my phone for more than 10 seconds
Havent worked yet!!!!!!
Does not work!
Buyer Beware.. This ONLY works properly if you Position the Mobile Device Precisely in the Exact Spot if youre lucky. If & When this decides to charge your device, somehow the charge is not Official. Does Not Give a *True* Charge
Love the idea, hate how temperamental this unit is. Friends S6 Edge works beautiful but my iPhone with the case... Not so much.
Works good for the price.  The only thing I dont like is I have to take my case off for my phone to charge.  I have the Note 5.
It doesnt work as description. It doesnt charge all smart phones as described.
Horrible.  My phone, a Nexus 6 and tablet, Nexus 7, wont make good contact and often dont end up charging, so Im stuck with a dead battery all the time.  I didnt return it in time, so I get to eat the cost. Also, it is does not have Qualcomm quick charge, so it is very slooooooow to corsage if you can even get it to connect.
Way too hard to get phone to charge
cheap and slow
I have a Motorola Droid phone and for some reason this charger doesnt work well with my phone. By not working well I mean when I place the phone on the charger most of the time it doesnt charge. I have to lift off and remove the phone 4 or 5 times before it works. Yea I know put the phone on the charger squarely. This charger may work well for other phones but for the Motorola Droid it just doesnt work well.
pure garbage.  work if it feel like.  waste of money I wish I could give no stars.
Sucks its crappie. ....piece of s***
The item didnt even work was not satisfied whatsoever
only seems to charge if the cell has over 55% battery life...if lower, it takes for ever to charge.
Its good in charging my phone BUT I do have an issue.  It gets unbelievably frighteningly HOT once the phone is fully charged.  I try to charge my phone while I am watching television or working on my computer.  This way to keep an eye to avoid any damage to my phone or me just being paranoid of a fire.  I ordered a different brand and will discard this once I receive the new charger.
This does not work and also says its ineligible for return. DO NOT BUY!!!
I have a galaxy S6, this charger does not continue to charge for some reason.  It charges for about 3 min then losses connection.
I didnt like this product, you try to line up to get charge, then you leave the spot, since there is no reason to keep camping next to it. I wok up in the morning, I have only 16% charge!! then there is no returning policy!!!
Have to be spot on....works as advertised however....very very slowly.
So I bought this device six weeks ago and it worked great from the beginning. About a week ago the device started overheating after about 10 minutes of charging. Yes I have a case but it was not a problem for the first 6 weeks. When I pick up the phone the charging device is hotter than the phone. I will try another day, if not I will try to get an exchange. I would have given 5 stars if it was not for that issue.
Did not working with my Samsung edge plus would light up like it was going to charge but then turn red, would not hold a charge at all
Stupid
Its really too small to use with any phone the size of the iPhone 6 Plus, but it gets the job done, sorta. Itll do if youre not picky. I went and ordered a stand-style charger with three coils so that I could actually use the phone while charging. If you even touch your phone on this, it sorta feels like itll lose balance and tip off the charger. This will work for phones that arent large, but otherwise I wasnt very satisfied with its size.
Please do not waste your money.
Have to position it perfectly, its pretty obnoxious.
Bought this when my charging port broke and didnt want to replace it and havent gotten around to having it repaired. Unfortunately it has given me grief the entire time Ive had it. I have a Droid Maxx with a rubber case on it (nothing fancy or super thick...). Not only is it very hard to line up the phone just right so it can charge, most of the time it only charges for about 20 seconds then stops. Not sure if I have to have a certain amperage for the plug-in in the wall, but Ive tried 3 different plugs with no change... Very disappointing.
Amazing customer service! I wrote the following review, and got an email from the company the next day. They are having me troubleshoot and if it doesnt work, are sending a replacement. I will update my review when i see if it was my charger or cord that was the problem. Maybe I got a bad one, because there are so many 5 star reviews. I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 5. It acknowledges my phone when I place it on there, but after 10 minutes or so, it shuts off. Every morning I would only have a 30% charge, so I started watching it while I was awake. I also tried it on my husbands phone. I put the phone on the charger with 30%-50% charge on it. It says it is charging and then just shuts off after a while.
Anker advertises this wireless charger as compatible with many cell phones, including the Galaxy Note Edge.  My spouse, who is always losing the charger, wanted this for Christmas.  Silly me, I read the description, that it would charge and was compatible with the Note Edge, and purchased it.  When opened for Christmas (today), we fiddled around with it for about 15 minutes or longer and couldnt get the darn thing to work.  So we started our research on line and discovered that Anker is mis-advertising this product.  Contrary to Ankers false claim, this unit does NOT charge an Edge unless and until you buy a special back for the phone that could set you back $50 to $100. We havent thoroughly research all available options, but who in their right mind would invest this kind of money in the charger and then buying an additional specialized back?  This is false and misleading advertising and is, frankly, an outrage.  Buyer beware. UPDATE:  Anker contacted me back. Anker did not explain why it falsely advertised its product as compatible with the Note Edge. Originally, the email traffic initiated by Anker sounded like Anker was going to send a new back so that my spouses phone would work with the Anker wireless charger. I thought that that was exceptional customer service, to make good on their original representation. But shortly thereafter we received another email stating that Anker was going to send one of their regular chargers to us so that my spouse could charge the phone. Then Anker asked us to update this review - which we are doing now. I think its great that Anker is following up with bad reviews and sending free products to folk who relied on their false advertising. I didnt even bother to return the wireless charger back to Amazon since Anker sent a free charger. But I think its pretty bad that Anker is still falsely advertising their product as compatible with the Note Edge (see above) when they know its not. Its also pretty unfortunate that Anker suggests theyre going to make things right by sending the part to make the wireless charger work, but ultimately sends a usb charger instead. Heck, we already have USB chargers and this one is no better than the charger that came with the Edge (I was pretty excited when I heard they were sending a "Qualcomm chipped usb charger" to make things right but it does no better than the stock Samsung usb charger). Moreover, my spouse never did get a functional Christmas gift.  So, still just one star. Ive wasted lots of time on this; too much time,  in fact. UPDATE No. 2: Anker has to have the most aggressive customer service team weve ever had contact with; hands down. They offered to refund the cost of the charger. Although I still believe they need to correct their advertising, their efforts to make the customer happy are second-to-none, enough to boost the rating from one star to three on that alone.
Id give this zero stars if at all possible, but I cant, so 1 it is.  I wrote to Anker per their instructions, and I dont believe they even read their emails, they sent me a canned response requesting all the data I put in the original email.  Which is rather infuriating.  So here goes.  The phone I tried this with is a Nexus 6.  I tried both with and without a clear case.  I also followed their exact instructions of the correct placement (centered over the U).  I also switched multiple AC adapters and multiple cables.  This particular puck is defective! Luckily Amazon refunded my purchase price.  Sometimes, I suppose it pays to be a Prime customer.  So 5 stars to Amazon Customer Service.  0 Stars to Anker.  Disappointing, as I have purchased multiple things from them in the past (power packs, cables, AC adapters, multiport charging station, glass screen protectors) and this is the first item that absolutely failed.
***UPDATE: I really dont use this Qi charger at all. That said, Anker has feverishly contacted me to ensure customer satisfaction. They sent me a complimentary foldable QC2.0 single usb charger. I use this a lot and its again a better solution for me because it is FAST!!! Thanks again Anker for your outstanding customer service! I rate them 5* just for that! (ORIGINAL REVIEW) Im on the fence on the whole concept of Qi wireless charging weighing pros vs. cons. I just got a VZN LG G4 and put the wireless charging sticker in the battery cover. I figured it was only around $10 for the sticker and about $12-$13 for the charger so why not check it out. in the short term, heres my pros and cons about Qi and this specfic charger: Pros 1) Allows for another option to charge your phone. (is Qi charging available at airports..and more importantly, is it free?) 2) Trickle charges so you arent always burning your battery by QC 2.0 turbocharging. 3) "cool" factor Cons 1) Wireless charging is dreadfully slow...if you are looking for a quick fix, this is not your goto. For the G4, your better of with changing out for a full battery (because that is the best option), portable usb "power bank",  or a  15-20min blast on the QC 2.0 charger. Watching the Qi at work is like watching paint dry. 2) When I first tried the Anker on my G4, my phone chimed long ago that is was 100% charged, but the lights on the Anker still indicated charging. 3) The Anker does not come with a power supply...so you have to already have something that provides 2A of power. Luckily I installed a 4A dual USB outlet in my home plus I have my QC 2.0 turbocharger for this purpose. 4) Not only is is slooooooowww, its super inefficient and a waste of energy. The specs clearly say 10watts of input to only provide 5watts net of slow charging power to your phone. The other 5watts is wasted to transport the power to your phone wirelessly. This translates to wasting 50% of energy input. Maybe it makes sense to me and just keep this at my office since I dont pay for electricity there..LOL. I will probably update this review again after a longer period of use.
doesnt work well with the samsung edge plus. the phone has to be very strategically placed for it to charge, which can be annoying to slide it back and forth to find the right spot.
I bought this to charge a Moto360 watch. It initially worked fine and started to not fully charge the watch for a few weeks now.  Today I noticed the watch restarting the charge cycle every few minutes.  Suspecting this charger I tried using the original Motorola charger that came with the watch and it was able to fully charge without issue. AnkerDirect contacted me about the issue and were very nice in trying to help out.  First they sent another charger which had the same problem.  They also sent me their more expensive model, but that also had the same issue. In the end I decided to use the original Motorola charger and keep the Anker unit for use when traveling.
Very disappointed.  I leave it to charge my Nexus 7 2013 for several hours (more than six) and Im lucky if it charges to more than 50% capacity.  I use a Poetic case that is very thin so I doubt the problem is with that.  The LED is suppose to be blue when its charging but sometimes after burning blue for several minutes it stops being blue and either turns red or flashes red until I reposition it.  PITA. It NEVER turns red AND blue which means its fully charged.  Only paid $11 for it so not worth returning but unless someone can tell me its something Im doing wrong or likely have a defective unit I consider this nearly junk. Edited to add:  Well, I followed all troubleshooting steps suggested by Anker and at least it charges now but still has issues with my Nexus 7 2013 tablet.  It NEVER turns itself off after charging my tablet and can get quite warm.  Sometimes if my Nexus battery is almost drained and I put it on the PowerPort, it charges to about 88% after approximately 5 hours then the blue LED stops lighting and the red LED starts flashing, and continues to flash until i remove the tablet.  The PowerPort andf the bottom of my tablet is very warm when this happens.  I then have to unplug it from the 10w/2amp (Anker-brand) wall charger I bought and re-plug it back in just to get that steady red LED light again.  Will upgrade my vote to 3 stars and no more because it still has issues with my Nexus 7 but at least it charges now.
If you have a Samsung Edge Plus, this charger will not work.  When placed on the charger, phone beeps, just as it does when plugged in, indicating it is charging and the charging icon appears, however it does not charge.  I left the phone on the charger overnight (about 8 hrs) and the battery level decreased.  Clearly this charger was never tested on an Edge Plus.
Could charge quicker.
Received the item; it does not work with any of my devices. I went online to return it and it is not eligible for return. Nice :(
Did not work! Returned.
I have a Samsung wireless, and this is no comparison to that, this charges too slowly. I use it at my desk and place my phone most of that and the charging stays the same. between i use the phone sometime.
Works as advertised , but it is very positional. I bought a 3 coil and that is easier to position the phone for charging. This one has 1 coil.
It charges my Nexus 4 to 100% but it turns off and allows the battery to drop.  I have to pick up and place it down again to charge.  Also, it sometimes gives me a blinking red light in the middle of the charge and its a Nexus 4, does make sense!! The charging process for my Nexus 4 is also very slow and the unit get hot. EDIT: I found that USB cable that comes with it doesnt work with the computer if you need to transfer files, knocking off a star for that.
bad it does not work.
Did not work with my HTC, to top it off I was told I could nno return it for a refund.
It is not a fast charger at all! I can get about 10% an hour. While my other charger can go from 0% to 100% in just over an hour.
Works, but does make your phone warm.  This was with a Nexus 5.  Im a big fan of Anker products and have several, but this one is just ok.  If you want to maximize your non-replacable batterys life by avoiding excess battery heat, I would not recomend this.
Useless to me, my phone keeps getting slow charging error.  It doesnt  matter plug, outlet or wire used with pad.  Other wireless charge work fine with my phone.
I tried this for my nexus 7 (2nd gen 2013), but apparently it has been having troubles with charging. May be its just a bad unit.
This didnt work with my Nexus 6. I tried several different positions and with and w/o the phone case. Other larger pucks and pad Qi chargers worked. This puck is just too small for the phablet sized Nexus 6, IMHO. The charger LEDs indicated that it was charging, but the phone didnt indicate that it was charging and continued to drain. Im keeping it though since it works great with my Moto 360 smartwatch.
It works - just slow charging and the phone has to be in a certain spot on the device or it wont charge at all.
Sometimes stops charging immediately after device reaches 100%, so device "mysteriously" loses battery life while on charger.
No matter what charger you use it gets hot. Bought three and they all work horrible. Who sells something without the proper power inverter charger. Buy one that comes ready to go.
Complete garbage. I asked for a refund, but the company who sold the item didnt issue refund. Screw them and this item.
Will not charge my phone at all. I am highly disappointed with this product, and plan to ship it back.
8/17/15  Fits in palm of your hand.  Small target position requires proper placement.  Best used with Anker USB charger with better than 2A output.  My other travel chargers were not sufficient output.  Oh well. Followup Feedback 8/19/15:  Charger and Phone get pretty warm.  Consider thermal wear on components when wireless charging.
Was excited to get this - but doesnt work if you have a Mophie .  Wish I read that somewhere before i bought 2.  ;-(
Original would only charge if my Note5 was above 85%. Amazon sent a replacement and it works great. If I had gotten the replacement first I would have given it 5 stars. Its really convenient.
Stopped working.  The pad wont charge my Galaxy S6 anymore.  Even when it worked, it would give me issues with charging when the phone was <15%.  The screen would keep flickering further draining power instead of charging.  I also have a Samsung pad which works fine and hasnt given me these problems.
Unable to get this product to be charged after hours of being plugged in. Not working.
I am using lots of Anker products from battery pack to CD slot mount,I am a huge fan, but this product is not doing what it says. I m using a Nexus 4. It does not charge more than 90 seconds after I place my phone on it. Worse part is you can not return this item because of the Amazon policy. Be careful...
This product did not charge up, or it did not charge my phone or tablet,
Defective. Charges phone for a short time, and then the charger itself shuts down (loses power). Item is Defective.
The charger works pretty good. Just can be a bit tricky if you dont place it on the charger exactly right.
Doesnt charge through a very thin minimal plastic case on my nexus 6, also for some reason not eligable for return, extremely dissapointed.
Not happy at all with product.  It takes to long to charge phone. I thought I could use this anywhere, only to find out that the charge cord is shorter and still has to be plugged in wall.
At first when you set your phone on it you can see that its charging, great!! But when I set it down to charge for the nite I saw that the phone did not continue to charge. OK, I tried it nite after nite and the same problem occurred, it recognized the phone but never kept the charge..now its just a paper weight but it makes a great paper weight tho!!!
Could not be more disappointed.  II bought 3 of these for use at home and the office as I have always been happy with anker products and quality.  Plugged it in and went to charge my note 4 (samsung oem qi back) and found this thing emits a high pitch whine when charging.  I mean it is not loud, but it is constant and infuriating enough that I cannot have it on my desk.. let alone my night stand!  Tried the other 2 hoping it was a bum unit. no luck all three do it. I have always been very satisfies with the anker products I have purchased, but these are garbage and will have to go back.  Now I find there is no return!  would give less stars if I could. No more dealing with anker direct.
It will charge phone and do so quickly.  I have some difficulty getting it to connect.  Needs to be placed exactly right, not sure if that is the device problem or the phone is touchy?  I made an elastic band to hold it in place so it is charging when I think it is. Bill
Not work
Youve got to set the phone down on this charger juuuust right for it to engage - a little too far one way or the other and the stand might think its charging but the phone not or it just wont charge at all. After a little experimenting Ive figured out where the hot spot is on my S6 (more towards the bottom than I originally thought) and it works fine, even if I do have to set it down a couple of times occasionally.
I just received it.  Come to find out, I have to buy a replacement case back now.  This should be added in the description that additional purchase is necessary.  another $40 for the new case back and will probably have to buy another case because from the reviews, the case back is larger than the original back.  so add another $10 - $50 depending on your case preference. Hopefully this will charge nicely - I am currently pondering whether to just put this on ebay and not go through the hassle.
I have a Nexus 4 and I have to set just right on the wireless charger for it to start charging.  It did not come with a wall plug, just the micro USB cable.  The rubber on top of it is a nice touch though.
Unfortunately, this unit does not charge nearly as quickly as the direct connection to the fast charge adapter. Ive shelved it for now and may return it. Update: Since the company will not accept the return without a lot of red tape, Ive just trashed the adapter. Wont be doing business with Anker again.
Its ok, gotta have it perfectly aligned or it doesnt work. And the charger needs to be plugged in so why bother with this. Might as well plug the charger right into the phone. The product was delivered in working order and in a timely basis.
Worked well at first but now will not fully charge my phone.
I bought  2. 1 works 1 doesnt. Extremely disappointed
What they don’t really call out is that this is only a 1 amp charger....which means it’s super slow.  It works fine, just slow to charge.
Very bad it doesnt charge you have to try and place it several directions to make it work and it stops charging after few min.
Purchased this because it was a great price and thought it would work with I-Phone 7 Plus but found out it didnt.  So unfortunately, it just sat here for a long time unused.  I didnt feel I paid enough to return it so we just kept it.
It barely will maintain the charge you have. Save your money. Buy a better wireless charger. No, it’s not my phone. Tried on multiple Android and Apple phones.
It wont charge ANYTHING!! how disappointing.
everything ok
Did not work at all!
Worked well for 6 months, then it just stopped working. I only used it about 3 times a week so definitely think it should have lasted longer.
This thing just simply sux
did not charge my phone at all unfortunately
Charged slow but it worked, until it stopped working -- should last at least 2 years of light use.
Soooo I’m iffy with this product .. it worked super well the first month I had it, then it only started to charge my phone 30%-50%  after unplugging it & plugging it in a new socket.. same problem. I bought two of these , one more me and my boyfriend and we both have the same issue :/
This charger lasted a month before it stopped working! Waste of money!
The charger never worked on several different phones that were listed as compatible.  Non returnable. Extremely unhappy with an item I cant use or return.  Loss of money would not recommend.
I have used this since I purchased it in February of 2018 (less than a year ago). It was working GREAT up until 2 months ago. It is very slow to charge and often doesnt charge my phone at all. When I place my phone on it I struggle to get it to link to my phone. I move my phone up and down, side to side waiting for the blue light to tell me its charging. The light comes on but as I said very slow or no charge at all. I tried to change the cord hoping maybe that is the problem but it made no difference. Looks like I will have to go back to a regular charger.
It is defective and not wireless
Very slow to charge.
DIDNT LIKE IT THREW IT AWAY GARBAGE
cant even give this away, going to the e-recycle
This works well enough I suppose but if youre in a hurry, This is not for you. To charge my s9+ from 1% to%100% took almost 5 hours. If you have a desk job or something where you can let your phone sit all day this is great!
Says t to plug USB into power then to plug other cable into my device which doesnt fit my Iphone but like why am I plugging it into my Iphone when its supposed to be a wireless charger?  Doesnt work at all.
Takes forever to charge not that great
Doesnt work. Says its charging and its not. I left my phone in it all night and got 20% charge from it. Its small and not the best quality.
It wont work with fast charger boxes
This does not charge my iPhone 8 plus, does not charge anything; did not return, dont know if its returnable or not.
Opened it and immediately did not work for any of our phones and it’s not eligible for return. I emailed them and was basically told it wasn’t their fault and they wouldn’t issue a refund. We are super disappointed as this was a gift for someone and straight up just didn’t work.
This was a holiday gift for a family member. I was told it didnt even last 1 year?! Now it doesnt charge at all???Disappointed!
It slower then others I have. Its not a fast charger but not a regular speed charger either. So a normal one can charge my phone in 2hr 30mins. This takes an hour longer. To fast charge it takes and hour less. Now for the most annoying thing. Its super small and the light gets covered by the phone. You cant see it charge unless your phone says it. Then it has a super precision spot you must hit to get the phone to charge. You must pick your phone up and set it down till you see it charge this could take an hour till you hit the small spot. Same thing going onto my third phone so its not the phone. Same problem with iPhone.
Charge too slow, take 4-5hours to full charge for S9+
It didnt do what it was suppose to do
Pos used for a few months crapped out.do not buy
not
I tried to use this for my Galaxy S8  but really hard to get a good connection and when I did it would not stay balanced on the charger
It did not  work for my phone.
Picks and Chooses when it wants to work. And when it does work, charges VERY slow. I feel like most of these reviews are fake. Please avoid buying at all costs.
Mine stopped working all together. Only used it a few times and started using it all the time and it stopped working after about 2 months.
Dont work for any of my phones I have the LG stylo 4 and I need something that works from that
I loved this product when I first purchased it but it quickly stopped charging in a reasonable time frame and it now takes almost eight hours to charge my iPhone 8+. Very disappointing
Very poor review for this product as soon as I got it I had problems with the micro USB connection. Very exposed and causes the charging to go in and out. only sometimes does the (red) ready to charge light come on takes smacking it or pressure to make it come on where you then can put your phone on and the (blue) charging light comes on.  ALSO, THIS PRODUCT TAKES 4X AS LONG TO CHARGE AS A LIGHTNING CABLE.
Update: The charger gets HOT and causes my phone to get hot at well. I want to return it, but it’s not eligible for some reason. It’s been less than 30 days since I’ve received it. I have to remove my phone from the case to use this (even though it has an opening for the apple logo). The phone has to be squarely on top of it. It has a very short cord. I don’t see the benefit to using this over a corded charger?
I was excited to no longer have to fumble with a wire to charge my phone but this device takes forever to charge. Since I usually charge my phone at night while I’m asleep, I dealt with it. Except not even 2 months later (and unfortunately past the 30 day return window) it just stops working and doesn’t charge at all. Don’t waste your money!
It stopped working after one month. Can I get a replacement?
Has a small sweet spot has to be in the right place on the phone - but works good. Changed my review to 1 star - over a months time the sweet spot got smaller and smaller and now they are impossible to get to work.  Going in the trash!  Amazon should not allow these to be sold...
Did not work on my iPhone X
You have to take your phone out of the phone case to charge your phone. This charger isn’t  available for rerun either. I have a fan on the night stand and vibrates the phone off the charger at night so it doesn’t fully charge the phone. I am going back to the plug in style if I could return it.
Will not charge the type of phones that it says it will charge. Being unable to return or exchange this item is awful too. Spend a little more and get a different brand that works.
Not worth to buy this product particularly!!
Doesn’t work at all  Don’t buy this
DO NOT BUY, DOES NOT WORK!
This is a weak charger will not charge phone if it has a case on it after awhile it stopped charging past 50% I own another brand that works a lot better wont purchase this brand again
The one I received never charged so this is why I give this product review the rating that I gave it.
Updated review: Anker saw my 1 star review and reached out to me directly. I’m actually not surprised as I’ve always had a good Customer Service experience with Anker. They offered to send me their updated model which is thought to be more suitable for the iPhone X. The new model is fantastic; fast charging and doesn’t heat up too much. Very satisfied. I raised my review to 3 stars just for the fact that the older model shouldn’t be sold to iPhone X users in my opinion. I bought this solely off the Anker brand name. I struck out on this one. Virtually useless for my iPhone X. Very disappointing... snail slow charge rate and heats the phone up beyond normal levels.
Boo.  Non stop pinging while it charges.
Product would not turn on when it was plugged into the outlet.
This item does not work! I followed the instructions and nothing. Sucks that this item is not eligible for return, buyers beware!
Bought 2 chargers.  1st one didnt work, actually discharged my phone.  Threw it away.  2nd one charged very slowly and was hard to line up the phone to charge.  Threw it away too.
This broken within two weeks of having it. Took forever to charge my phone when it did “work”
The first night it had only charged 32 percent. Then last night I put my phone on the charger and it started charging.Then ten minutes after it actually flung my phone off the nightstand. Strange. It isn’t returnable.
Product would not charge my iPhone at all, with or without a case. Seller says no returns on product. Absolutely would not recommend.
After 3 months, it suddenly stopped working. Pretty annoying. UPDATE: Anker customer support reached out to me, quickly replacing the defective unit, free of charge. Their customer service was extremely helpful and worked on a replacement literally within minutes. The new unit has arrived and so far works great!
Dislike- already broken
You get what you pay for! This does not work well - the cord has to be just right and if it gets bumped, your phone doesnt charge.
I wish I can give this product 0 star. The charger is died now, I can’t charge my phone anymore.
Less than a month and it’s dead. Smells like burnt electronics beware!
When I got this it did not work! Not to pleased
Had to have my phone lined perfectly to charge. I have to spend a minute finding the sweet spot to get it to charge.
I left my iPhone X to charge on it al night the past 2 nights and I woke up and my phone was dead or not charged at all
Plugged it in and set my Samsung S8 on it and the blue light lit up like it was going to work. Checked my phone and it said it was charging. In the morning, I had less of a charge than when I went to sleep. Not eligible for return. Edit: I was contacted by Anker and sent an upgraded replacement. They were very concerned about the bad review. I tried the new charger and it did not charge as well. I am in the process of ensuring my phone isnt the issue. Unable to provide any feedback on product, but the company has been extremely helpful since my review in making sure Im satisfied with my purchase.
Doesnt work properly wanted to return and its not allowed:?
I bought 2 of these, one for both my wife and myself and neither one of them work when I received them. I tried both power wires that came with the products as well as others I had and nothing. I checked for returns and it says that this product is not eligible for returns so I just trashed them. Others say that theirs work, but just be wary that you get what you pay for.
Faulty product. I plugged it in and the light turned on, but after 10 minutes the light went off and stopped charging my phone. Won’t turn on anymore. I tried different outlets and different cords, still not working.
The red light comes on, but it doesnt actually charge the phone. When I tried to send it back they said no refunds or returns.
Does not always charge or charges really really slow.
it stopped working after about 2 weeks?
Out of 2 units one will not work. Would not recomend buying this item.
My sons phone, a Samsung S6, wont charge over 25% until the unit turns off and wont charge any more. We purchased but didnt use it for awhile, so we cannot return it, but I would if I could.
It charges, which is great, but it makes sounds when charging. Quite annoying, especially if you sleep near it. Update: +1 star for Anker customer support sending out an updated one for me. Hoping to see how that one performs!
The charger worked for two weeks then stopped working
Unfortunately completely useless device doesn’t work for any Apple products and seller won’t refund or allow returns
Didnt work at all, Amazon was quick to refund me though
I have to take my phone out of the my otterbox case. Not impressed.
Unable to return 5 days after buying. The unit doesn’t charge iPhone X properly. I set it on the unit at night and it will only give me about 20-25% battery charge overnight. This means that the unit doesn’t stay active or something. I frequently have to unplug it and plug it back in to even have a light on it.
Does not charge throughout the night. Terrible quality.
Only lasted a month and just quit one day. Got really hot and never worked again. Worked good until then. But it kind of sucked since thats the only way my son could charge his phone since the chraging port was broke. Went to 5 below and got a better one.
Waste of money
For the first 3 weeks, this product was fine. But it then developed an annoying buzzing sound that made it unusable as a bedside alarm clock.  Unfortunately, by the time we realized this was noise not going to stop, the return window had come and gone.  Do not buy this clock for a bedroom or anyplace you need a quiet clock.
Didnt work
Not happy with this product. It takes 16 hours for a complete charge. If I would have known that, I wouldnt have bought it. To top it off, its not eligible for returns.
This wireless charger would not charge my new iPhone XS.  ok so return it and get one that will, correct?  NO.  Amazon says that Anker Direct does not accept returns!  I have been buying on Amazon for years and always had good results.  Rarely have I returned an item.  Never have I been told that a hardware item could not be returned (I tried to return it the day after it was delivered).  I have bought Anker items previously that were acceptable and I have some presently pending.  Never again.  I will never buy another Anker item and suggest that you do not also.  A no return policy is not only unacceptable, it is probably illegal for a "mail-order" item as a violation of federal law.  Perhaps this is a good case for a class action
Not for all phones. Samsung gets very hot with this one
does not charge my I phone!!!!
Works great, except for when my brand new iPhone XS slowly slides off the charger over the course of the night when I’m sleeping. It’s better than an alarm clock when my phone falls off the charger, off my nightstand and on to the floor, it’ll wake me up before the crack of dawn!
I have purchased three of these to have at home and the office.  Two of the three charges no longer work.  Past the window to return, so just have to eat it now.  I wouldn’t have thought to hard about it if just one stopped working, but definitely have concerns since two of three no longer work.  Going to try a different brand this time to replace them.
Purchased several of these to place them around the house. Unfortunately some of them stopped working within the first month and another died the second month.  Thanks to Amazon the ones that were broken within the first month were replaced. The price was great, but the quality not so much.
Short cord not very durable and does not come with charging block. Charging pad itself does not do a good job at charging. Also at at point it completely stopped charging. Good thing it was cheap
It us very temperamental and if you dont have an exact spot to place it away from everything and your phone moves it wont charge. I ended up buying another brand because this one didnt work well.
Did not charge at all and no returns allowed I would have exchanged it but doesn’t give you the option
Product is a little small so sometimes balancing your device and centering it takes a second, but once you get it positioned it works fine. I do notice that my phone is a little warmer than I feel comfortable with after leaving it on charge throughout the night. (Samsung S8 Plus)
It dosent charge my phone on the contrary, it takes away the battery from my phone. Very disappointed.
Good: Works great if you make sure your phone is over just the right spot and the light changes color. Bad: Absurdly short cable. No power adapter.
I ordered 2 of these for our desktops in our home office. I put my iPhone on it last night because it was down to 10%. 2 hours later it was only at 13%. This was not using battery but plugged into my computer. My husband noticed today when using his, that the device was so hot after a short amount of time that he was afraid it would melt or damage his phone. Plus, there is no return on this product. Granted, they were only about $10, but that is $10 for a piece of junk. Might as well have lit the $20 on fire. Do Not Purchase This Item.
The items that I Purchase didn’t work I will like to speak to someone or else I’ll give a bad review! This is unbelievable. I will like to return this 2 items that I purchased.
Use to charge my Note 5. It’s not charging. Tried to return snd it said this product is not eligible for returning.
Did not work. Item was broken right out of the box. Samsung Galaxy s8. LED on wireless charger changed color but phone did not charge even with case removed. Edit - Customer service worked with me to provide me with a second replacement free of charge. They were very friendly however ultimately neither charger was able to actually charge my phone at a rate that would be practical (second charger was very slow whereas first charger didnt work at all).
My Galaxy S7 charges faster plugged into the USB on my laptop, to say nothing of the QuickCharge chargers I have. I guess if desk space was REALLY limited this would be more novel, but it really is just too slow for my needs... UPDATE 2018-10-10: Anker are AWESOME, and really went above and beyond to make me a happy customer. After discussing my issues with me, they sent me the 10W model of their Qi charger to try, and it charges almost as fast as my QC 3.0 chargers do with my phone plugged in. My phone only does QC 2.0, so the difference may be more noticeable on the S8 or S9, but now I actually USE my Qi pad, rather than it taking up space in my backpack! If your phone doesnt support QC, or you want to just use the 7W model on your nightstand for overnight charging, its probably a suitable product. If you want something that charges fast, the 10W is an amazing product, and I highly recommend checking it out!
I have had this since Aug 31 and it has already stopped working. I have used it as directed. This is garbage. Don’t waste your money on this. The return policy is only after 30 days and I’m around 48. So I’m just out money on a piece of garbage that doesn’t work.
With a case on the phone I need to move the phone around to get it to connect. Still better than having to plug and unplug.
Useless product. I got it up to 5% in 1 hour. Yeah.
You have to leave your phone on the charger all night to get a full charge. If you don’t place your phone just right, it won’t notice your phone is on there to even begin to charge it.
It does Charge my Samsung galaxy just fine, just wish it turned was a lil bigger!  Its definitely a fair price for the item.
The cord that plugs into the charger base has to stay in a certain spot or it stops charging. Seems like it isn’t a snug enough fit. Very frustrating to have to keep adjusting it. And I hate returning so I’m stuck with this or having to purchase another one. Definitely annoyed.
It doesn work and I just took it out of the box.
Doesn’t charge quickly
Very slow charger and doesnt always connect.  I have to move my phone around quite a bit to hit the right charging spot.
The ubs cable doesn’t fit into the base of it Send one that fits or refund me back my money
Way too small and the cord that comes with it is an even bigger disappointment
Headline says it all. Disappointed.
This charger worked for a week and then died. I tried contacting customer service and received no response. Skip this one and move on to a better charger.
Slow charging and no way to return. The product sucks.
Battery went down twice as fast...only used it twice...didnt trust it not to damage my phone
Horrible didn’t work
Does not work with my iPhone 6
dislike. it is not working. i try a lot time but it still not work
Nice but didnt work with my ZTE cell phone
This product worked for a couple days and then completely stopped working. Liked it for the few days it worked. I was very disappointed that it quit. I forgot to return it before 30 Days was up. Bummed out.
For the most part it works sometimes I’ll wake up and my phone has stopped working at one point in the middle of the night. Leaving me with a dead phone.
I bought 3 of these.  Two I plugged into the USB port on my computer and they work just fine.  The third one I used an electrical outlet with adapter to power up my charger.  I placed my iPhone 8 on it and it got extremely hot.  I removed the phone and now the charger does not power up at all.
It wont stay charge
It died before I managed to charge my phone even once .
Horrible product.  Does not charge well and physically heats up.  I tossed mine in the garbage.
Ordered 2. After 60 days one will not charge my phone. That’s the cheep stuff for ya.
functional
This charger only lasted about 48 hours before it quit completely.  When it did work, it was very disappointing, only charging the phone halfway, before turning off.  There a lots of quality chargers available on Amazon...so keep looking.  This isnt it.
I did NOT like this product it’s very flimsy and barely charges my new IPhone 8. I will not use it. I would not recommend anyone buy it.
Product is great but slow charging
Very slow charge.
It stopped working after 1.5 months.
CAUTiON this product has a no return policy!!!! It didn’t work because of a magnet I have on the back of my phone for a car mount.
I put my phone on charge at night and it was 85%. When I woke up the next morning the phone was very hot and only 69% charged. Very disappointed.
Doesnt work with cases, takes half a day to charge Pixel
not for iphone mi iphone is  model 6 I don"t know if this charger works whit this model of iphone
It works but it is small and you have to have the phone in precisely the right spot for it to charge. Also had to remove my case for it to charge.
didn’t even work!
Garbage. Doesnt work. Dont waste your money.
This heats up within 5 mins of charging.
I bought it to charge my phone but it wasnt strong enogh live advertised
bought this but it will not charge thru a case...not taking the case off each time...on to the next brand that says it does
This charger is just too small to be functional. If the phone vibrates, it just falls off the base, and stops charging. Definitely avoid.
This charger is terrible. It takes 7-8 hrs to charge what a cord does in less than 1 hr. Cannot return even though the sites says 30 day money back guarantee.
Not compatible with the galaxy s6 plus edge as advertised. It works for 2 secobds and starts bkinking. Dont buy this!
Very slow charge
I have a Samsung S9 and I have tried several times to charge and it wouldnt.
This did not work at all never order it! And I couldn’t even return it!
Dont know
It charges my phone so slowly that it may as well not work. Literally 3 times longer than plugging it in. It does work however, so i cant give it one star.
Doesnt work
This product is terrible. Within about 20 minutes my phone is maybe 15% charged and both the charger and phone are burning. So hot that I can’t comfortablt hold the charger in my hand without it hurting. Worried about the safety of this product. Will not be ordering again.
I received this item on 7/18/18. It worked for 11 days. As it is apparently non returnable, in the trash it goes. Very disappointed. UPDATE!! I was contacted by Ankara  customer service and they could NOT HAVE BEEN NICER!! They replaced the faulty charger and this one works great and is AWESOME! Lesson learned here - search harder for the seller before you post. I could’ve done a better job at that. FIVE STARS
Second update - threw the new version in trash! Update - I’m changing the review simply based on the company’s proactive way of handling this issue after reading my review. Second chance every time. The company shipped another item at no charge without me even asking. The second charger has already outlived the first. Initial Review: It charged my phone one night and wouldn’t charge it again. Threw it in the trash because Amazon wouldn’t accept return.
Does not work.  Fraud
I have to keep unplugging this device and moving it to a different outlet to get it to work. When it is working it’s great but annoying that it’s so fickle. I wouldn’t buy it again.
Makes your phone very hot
The one I received did not work at all. Maybe I got a bad one. Can’t find how to pursue return/exchange info.
Will not work with android or apple
My phone sat on the charger on airplane mode for 45 mins and it only went from 6% to 13% I will say though because the company received my review and saw I was upset with the product they reach out to me and sent me an updated one with works much better
Crap ....it stopped working. Do the owners of Amazon care about the people that shop on Amazon....OUR MONEY DONT GROW ON TREES
It didn’t work! It didn’t t charge... the light always red
I’m giving this product to stars because it does work but it is very inconvenient because you cannot use your phone while it is on the charger
It didnt charge my apple watch, my iphone 8 plus or my iphone 7 plus. So far as Im concerned its a scam.
Ive been using this for the last month. Its been on the dash of my car. Our temps have been 25°F. to 52°F (early spring in iowa). The past couple days I noticed my phone longer sat nicely on the charger but wobbled off in a couple miles. Looking it over I discovered that the formerly flat charge top was now crowned. What????? Bummer!!!! Guess what...Amazon says its no longer return/exchangeable. Usually Anker products are pretty decent. I have 2 other models of this style charger purchased at the same time for locations around the house so far theyre good.
UPDATE 1/5/19 The new chargers have been working fine ever since! Be sure to use a power adapter that is at least 2 amps (such as the larger iPad adapter, not the smaller iPhone adapter which is only 1 amp.) I was using an after market adapter that must have been rated incorrectly, perhaps that was the problem. UPDATE 5/13/18 Anker customer support contacted me directly to replace my two defective chargers for free. They have been very communicative and helpful along the way. The only problem was that the two replacements they sent were a totally different model, the larger 4"; model instead of this smaller 2.5"; (see photo) That was nice and all but I didnt think I could properly update this review with any results if I was now using a different model altogether and the smaller model was the one I originally purchased and wanted to function! They were understanding and let me ship one of the back and they sent the correct model replacement. So now I have both models and will use them regularly and will update this review in 3 months or if they die, whichever comes first. 4/17/18 Well I loved this littler charger a lot, I bought a few of them and they worked great for about 3 months (much better than some really cheap ones I had tried) But then suddenly they both stopped working around the same time. :(  My wife and I both have iPhone 8s and within a few week both chargers stopped working. Specifically when the phones are placed on the charger the screens turn off and on endlessly and the phone gets incredibly hot! Bad news, it never used to happen before. So as much as I loved these these while they were functional I think they are going in the trash now and Ill have to look for a more reliable charger.
This worked for three days, then stopped. I tried to return, but it is not eligible for return.
Doesnt work with Apple Watch. Dont buy. Also, its much bigger than it looks in the picture.
I have a note 8. The phone completely covers the port so I its hard to tell if its blue (charging). Pretty slow charge.
This item doesnt support any of my electronics. I tried to send it back but unfortunately its not eligible for returns.  So I guess Im stuck with the item.
i have an iPhone 8. This charges very slow. Yesterday I put it in at 70% I left it on the charger for an hour and I was at 77%. If I really needed a charge this is not really productive when I could be plugged into a charger and get a full battery charge in an hour. I was hoping for more when Apple got wireless charging. This company is very willing to work with you though if you do buy from them and have an issue.
I have an iPhone 7 Plus and it did not work for me. I had my friend to try it on her iPhone X and it works. I purchased it bcz I need a charger for work instead I gave away bcz it’s NOT compatible with my phone.
The cord it comes with is very flimsy and it does not stay secured in the pad. That’s my only issue
Skip this product as it is pretty much useless. Did not work with my Huwaei Nexus 6p or the LG v10. The product description is very ambiguous in terms of support for different mobile handset makes and models.
This charger isnt as fast as I was hoping but still useful if not in a hurry.
Really cheap and flimsy. The power cable pops off easily when you move it slightly. While I didnt enjoy the product the seller reached out to understand my concerns and made another recommendation and though it didnt work in the end they were available within in minutes, listened to all my concerns and worked to find a solution that may work. I applaud the seller on great customer service and constant communication and working towards a positive solution!
No longer works, after 3 months.
Didn’t work.  Description said it worked for iPhone 8!  NOPE.  Very disappointed.  Gave a star just because I like the concept!
Item did not work for my iPhone X.  There were a few times it showed the phone as charging, but would just make the phone hot and not increase the charge.
Doesn’t work on my phone
Did not work with my iphone 8.  No returns.  Stay away.
Charger is just ok, phone needs to sit perfectly in a certain area for it to charge.
It takes forever to charge my iPhone X
Bought this at Christmas last year. Didnt always work. Recently tossed it in the trash was so fed up with it.
Worked for 45 days and stopped charging completely. Have used a few Anker products and was hoping for the same quality in this item, very disappointed.
Not anything special
Had it for less than 2 months and it’s done.  It’s overheating my phone and the pics i saw of mini fires (which i didn’t believe) would have happened to me.  Buy the real ones cause I’m going to.  Pathetic product.
it works, but maybe not as quick as some others, and actually very small... Also no USB wall adapter included?  If the price is right, go for it.
Doesn’t work and they won’t let me return.
Didn’t work at all with my iPhone X. I tried all the troubleshooting tips I could find and it wouldn’t charge for more that 60 seconds. Took the case off, tried setting it down at all types of different angles and still nothing. Tried to return it but apparently this product isn’t eligible for returns. Pretty bummed that it didn’t live up to the hype because I was so excited for it. :(
Didnt charge properly
Worked pretty good for 2 months. Then died. . Small enough to use in my car and charged my s8+ as good as Samsung charger.
This product was a waste. Very slow to charge phone AND NO RETURNS... not a happy customer.
Does not work with Apple Watch and returns are not permitted.
So small that you need to fiddle with your phone to make sure it charges. Charging stops with slightest movement of the phone and when battery is at 100%. You wake up with a phone that is at 90%. Do not buy!
Does not charge threw my case and is not eligible for refund. Nice...
Worked great initially, now after 4 mos....wont turn on to charge iphone 8.
Slower  than normal I thought and my phone hears up a little too much
This product does not work for any of my phones. Then I cannot return it. For. Product that doesnt work not worth buying.
1 week after purchase it is not working ....it is a junk....
Absolute piece of crap. Wont charge my iPhone X and the wont let me return it.
Eh. Doesnt fast charge like it said, so its only good as a back-up. Device doesnt always charge when set on it, have to reposition until it starts charging. Should have just bought an extra samsung fast charger.
Charged my phone for 5 mins when I first got it. Put it on to charge when my phone was on 50% an hour later my phone was at 30%. Red light keeps blanking.  Tried to return but of course no returns so I’m stuck with a charger that doesn’t work.
Broke after 2 weeks and seemed to overheat my phone while charging.
Womp Womp. Good thing I got this on Lightning Deal and didnt pay full price. I bought it so that my boyfriend and I could both use it without having to dig around for the right cable (hes "iPhone for life", I prefer Samsung. Opposites attract i guess) I cant even use the dern thing unless I remove my case, which is a hassle. (Samsung Galaxy S9 with ). I also tried it with my old phone (Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge with ) and it didnt charge through that super thin case either. This is a piece of junk, and I wish Id saved the money and just gotten more charging cables.
I ordered 2 of these and neither one would work I was so disappointed.  Looked to return them and Amazon said no return.  Guess I am out of luck.
It never worked right, and the last few days wont work at all on my Android Galaxy Note 8 - will have to look at getting something different After hearing from the seller, they are sending me a different thyme of charger since this one won’t work. Thank you!!!
My phone starts charging as soon as I put it on the charger, and it shows that it’s constantly charging with the battery icon. But my battery keeps going down *while it’s charging*. My battery started at 89%, then slowly went down to 84% while showing the green charging-battery icon.
I ordered this product after searching Amazon for wireless charger and this item came up so I ordered but it doesnt work with my phone. Did my see cant return till I received the product just wrong.
Disk is too small, should be a little larger like most of the other ones being sold. But it does charge so far. I contacted the company Anker and they said they make a larger charging pad and they said they would send it to complimentary and I should keep the smaller one that I wasn’t very happy with although it did work. Now that is a company that cares about its customers. Other companies should take note on what customer service is all about.
Be cautious. Stopped working after 4 months  Anker replaced with a new model. Great customer service.
I wouldn’t even give this charger one star. It is absolutely terrible. Had this for 6 hours and it broke. It no longer will charge and we have no idea why. This was a waste of money and next time we will order from a completely different group.
I ended up with a dead battery a couple times because I hadn’t aligned it properly with my Phone. Fine as a charger on your desk at work but not for a bedside charger.
I know it’s a nice product but I can not get it to charge my iPhone 8 Plus
Just got this today, feels solid, super small, but the charging didn’t work with the case on. Wouldn’t make sense to have to remove the case to charge the phone. Going back **UPDATE** Anker responded promptly to my review. they ended up sending me a different model that should have work better. it seems to work fine.
Bought this for a Christmas 2017 present and less than three months later it no longer works.
Worked fine for the first few months.  Now it just flashes between red and blue (not charging/charging) and doesnt do anything.  Waste of money.
never worked for me
Charges slow..not too impressed.. works ok..not the best but alright for the price
Speed is way too slow.
Lasted less than 3 months. Product no longer works. Doesnt turn on at all. Im back to my regular plugin charger.
not a fast charger at all!
This charger doesn’t charge well. It charges my iPhone X so slow. I even tried turning my phone off to charge it. My regular charger is much faster. I tried to return but amazon won’t allow me to return it. Don’t waste your money.
Does not charge  
It won’t charge my phone but I guess I am stuck with it
Used my iPhone X on this, it unfortunately does not work. I bought 2, both have the same issue. When first placing the phone on the charger the phone recognizes the charging and it shows as charging and even throughout the light on the pad shows as charging but after an hour the phone was down 2%.
worked well for about a month and now doesnt charge at all. so disappointed.
I connected my original iPhone charger to it and it broke my charger. DO NOT USE ANY OF YOUR ORIGINAL IPHONE CHARGERS WITH IT!!!!! Thank God Apple store replaced my iPhone charger for free Ps Amazon also refunded me for this piece of junk
Only had it a couple of months and it just stopped working 
Doesnt work on any type of phone. do not buy this piece. if they had a zero i would hit that..
Very slow charge without cover . Worst with it.
It does not work with the urban armor gear case on the galaxy 7.
It takes several tries to get my iphone to "connect" for charging.  Once, it does get the charge field, it DOES charge fine.  I wish it wasnt so hard to find the "sweet spot".
Works with my Galaxy S6 but not with my Lg G6, both work on my Samsung wireless charger.  Got a little warm but nothing to get alarmed over.
Worked ok the first month. iPhone  X would get a bit hot and it was slow but I used it overnight. Lately my phone just gets hot and doesnt charge more than a couple percent after leaving it on all night.
slim and slick looking。 indicator not changes after iPhoneX is fully charged
Difficult to get the phone to charge.
Doesn’t work at all on either my android or my iPhone. Make sure a great paper weight.
Awful item. It does not work and it is nonrefundable
This charger works fine, except that its super hard to get aligned right.  I used to use one of these by my bedside at night to charge my iPhone 8 (in a pad and quill little pocket book, which worked fine), but Id find myself placing it down, not getting a connection, moving it around, moving it around again---it can be a really big hassle to just keep trying position after position until it finds a connection.  I replaced it with the upright model, also from Anker. That one is a bit more expensive but very much worth the price: it connects right on the first try every time. Also, the blue light on this one is very bright---not terribly good for having in the bedroom, unless you cover it up with something.
I purchased this charger for my wifes new iPhone about three months ago. It worked pretty well, but it didnt do a feature that I specifically got the charger for. I thought it was supposed to stop charing the phone once it was completed and the manual says the red and blue light would turn on during this time, but it never did. It just keeps charging the phone throughout the night even if its done charging. After a month or so my wife would wake up and guess she didnt place it on the charger right because her phone wasnt charged. Then she realized it was saying it was charging, but then stopped charging at night leaving her phone with only half the battery. In the past week the charger has stopped working and she has to unplug it and then plug it into a new power source for it to turn on. It has been very frustrating and we will be getting a new product.
Did not work at all Whireless charging Samsung Note 5 .
Worked fine for two years. Last week it broke - no more charging. One would expect this devices  to work longer. I have similar product made by another company - RavPower, which is running already for three years.
Didn’t get a plug to work with it
Charger heats up my phone a lot and the charge is super slow. I am more concerned of my phone over heating though.
The charger gets extremely hot while I’m use and my phone has to be in a certain spot to work
It works without otter box cover
This charger gets insanely hot. Itll probably burn up your phone. Dont waste your money.
Works but charges super slow so I dont use it
Out of 3diffrent phones, 4 different Kindle Fires and 1 Samsung Galaxy s the Anker charger does not work with Any of these. I think it may be the charger because the red light never appears to be charged. And of course the instructions is so small I cant even read them with a magnifying glass. Seriously they seem to be written for Smurfs!!
Must take off case to charge
3 stars for the thinness & smallness of the charger but its not that fast at charging. Takes an extra 40 mins compared to the wall charger.
Slow charge and wont charge through case
Pretty small surface for iphones.
I usually love Anker products, and while this one does the job, it falls short in a design aspect. The major issue I have is that the micro usb cord that plugs into the puck is loose, no matter what cable I use. This results in the cord sometimes coming out of the puck. Is it a big deal to just plug it back in? Not at all. But should this be an issue at all? Absolutely not.
Takes forever to charge my iphone X. :( & the site won’t let me return it, even though it was just delivered yesterday. It also doesn’t charge my phone unless the pad is placed on a specific part of my phone. Like, I can’t just put it on & expect it to charge, I have to swivel it around a bit. Also, I had an offer to but it used for $10, & I accepted the used one. The box came open & I was fine with it, until I came back on the site & saw I was not charged $10 for a used one, I was charged as if I bought it brand new, when I did not receive a new one.
Worked ok for a few days. Broke down incredibly quick, it sits on the family junk drawer now. Very disappointed in anker, this was a gift and ended up being an embarrassment.
Pointless, useless, waste of money. Didnt work with the adapter I bought, so I tried it with other cell phones it was advertised to work with. Still didnt work. Very dissatisfied.
I bought one on one of Amazons "deal of the day" 5-minute expiration offers.  Good price (much lower than normal) but didnt have time to search reviews.  Sure enough, I have a Popsocket on my case that prevents it from working.  And the listing says that....errr - NOWHERE!  Seems like a technical detail the might want to make VERY clear, especially based on the number of reviews ve now read that also note problems with some cases. And who doesnt keep their phone in a case? Apparently  the back of the phone needs to be within a tiny fraction of an inch of the chargers surface for it to work.  Thats absurd IMO.  Since a good case (and a Popsocket stand) is FAR more useful than a wireless charger its a waste of money as far as Im concerned.  Im not removing my Popsocket, and sure as heck not removing the case!  Its just not THAT hard to plug the phone n. ts not worth the return hassle so I guess itll end up at Goodwill.  Dumb gadget with limited usefulness i  its THAT touchy.
Yep. Just ok. Doesnt always immediately start the phone charging. Often have to move the phone around on the charger to get it to "see" the phone and  begin charging. It would be nice to be able to just plop the phone on it and be sure that its charging. No fun waking up in the morning to a dead phone.
I typically love Anker products, I bought two of these for the two rooms I generally charge my iPhone X in. But neither of them would even charge my phone. I was shocked to see that I couldnt return the non-working product, and my emails to them have fallen on deaf ears. Save you money, it doesnt appear to work.
This product is no good. It stopped working after 2 days and now i am stuck with it since it cannot be returned. Garbage! Update: they contacted me yesterday and offered to send a new one or refund. Appreciate them resolving the issue.
Bought two and received them on November 8th 2017.  Im using the iPhone 8 Plus for both.  Some times they charge sometimes they dont.  They always make phone initiate charging but its a toss up as to whether they work.  Maybe its placement? Maybe its the thin case? Not thrilled but oh well it will work I guess.
After receiving the item I tried putting my phone on the charger. It initially worked for about 30 minutes then stopped working. After disconnecting everything and unplugging worked again for another 20 minutes then shut off again. I tried changing the plug I was using with the same results. I tried to return the item and was informed there were no returns accepted. I messaged the the company and a refund was sent right away after I made contact. They also offered to send me a newer model for the inconvenience.
Overheated and melted a bit. Not happy about no return policy.
Looks like its on sale because theyre selling a batch that doesnt work. Mine came in today, opened it fresh out of the box, using the supplied USB plugs plugged it into the wall and no lights come on whatsoever, placed my phone on top, nothing. Tried changing multiple USB cables, and multiple outlets and still nothing. Pretty much the most disappointing product Ive ever bought, why even package an item that doesnt turn on lol.
Charges very slow compared to Samsung model. Also extremely touchy, you have to have phone exactly centered over pad for charging to start.
I received my wireless charger, super excited to be able to just lay my phone on it at night. Go to bed , without messing with having to plug my phone in. Unfortunately for me, it doesnt work. I also can not return it. So, dont waste your time guys. Just pay the extra and get a real Samsung wireless charger. Lesson learned.
So excited to get my wireless charger for my iPhone 8 plus but this charger made my phone ‘hot’ guess u get what u pay for and very disappointed that I can’t return it, Amazon is usually so good about that. Will continue to use my regular charger usb to Apple cube until Apple comes out with their wireless charger. I don’t want to ruin my brand new phone 
Did not work for me.
Does not work on my Moto G  3rd generation! Research carefully !
Not as cool as they made it out to be. Cant have a phone in a case, it wont charge. Nothing special.
kinda small you have to get the phone dead center to work that is hard to do on the dark bedside table
Doesnt work for my galaxy note 4.
Its okay, though not what I expected. When I expressed my feelings I was sent an email and the company actually refunded me which was very nice. It just didnt work with my phone as expected. But Kudos to the company for looking to please unsatisfied customers.
Worked great when we first got it but now a few months later it charges so slow its not even worth using. Still giving it 3 stars because Im not sure if its due to my phone (Samsung Galaxy S6) or the charger.
These worked horribly for me. You had to sit them directly in the right spot - which may be more of a review of the actual phone and its capability, but I felt like it started to get worse and worse. The microusb that came with it would not stay securely attached to my phone either, so I was getting the dreaded, charging, not charging, charging, not charging back and forth. If I could give it a 0, I would.
I wasnt able to get this to work and it may be the operator.
Slow charging.  Not worth it.
Does not work.  Put phone on to charge, and hour later phone battery percentage is lower then when I started.
It charged my phone fully after one night, but once I took my phone off, the red light (for unsupported devices) began blinking and wouldnt allow me to charge my phone. It does this constantly now. I have to unplug it, plug it back in, and immediately place my phone on the pad for it to work. Its inconvenient. Edit: Anker reached out to me directly and offered me a replacement for an upgraded model. So, thank you there. Its much appreciated. Edit 2: The upgraded replacement (Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad) charger Anker sent me works well
Cable doesn’t stay in very which stops it from charging
The thing is ridiculous!! Charges very slow and that is when it decides to charge. All night it randomly switches from charging to not charging to charging to not charging, tried doing it without the phone case and still have the same problem. Not happy
I just got this today in the mail, it was working on and off for a while then about an hour later it just broke.  Won’t turn on, no lights, no charge.  Nothing save yourself the time and money and get something else
Dont waste your money this charger no work in nexus 5 phones!
Although the product works well, I was disappointed that the cord it came with was not very long. I also didnt realize that it didnt come with a charger plug for the wall. (*It did say a cord was included, but I read that description thinking that it plugged into the wall.)
This product works but phone must be out of its case and it is a slow charger
This item only worked for a very short time. I would not buy this product again.
It works, but fairly slow and you have to have your phone sitting on it just right.
After less than a month it has quit working.  It only caused my phone to heat up while draining the battery.  I switched to another charger and everything else worked fine.  No longer eligible for return.
Didnt work through my phone case and it wasnt fast charging. Pretty lame product.
The ad says it works for Nexus phones, but when I put mine on the pad, without a case, it blinks for unsupported device and does not charge. Ive tried many angles and different ways but  nothing works. Waste of money.
This only worked to charge my phone once I dont know what the deal is but if I leave it charging with the light indicating it is charging I will come back to a lower battery percentage than I left it with.
I accidentally ordered it to find out its not returnable. There should be a notice that this item cannot be returned before you even order it. I will NEVER order anything from them again. Save your money. It certainly is not a great deal.
very very slow charge
This worked for exactly 31 days, just long enough for the return policy to expire.
Good tithe time work .
It wont work through a thick case dont bother.
this quit working after only 2 weeks. The Base was plugged in but the base would no longer light up and had a hard time connecting to my phone with and without the case. I checked the cord and it still worked so Im sure it is the circle base. Very disappointed.
the phone has to be placed in just the right position for it to charge. I would get quite frustrated tapping it around a millimeter this direction, a millimeter that direction just to find the magical charging spot. The charge was pretty slow as well. I bought it for my office because i didnt like having a long cord out to charge my phone but have gone back to my regular charger and this thing is sitting in a drawer collecting dust.
Its really small, so you have to position your phone exactly in the right place on this piece. Otherwise the charger pieces wont align. Once youre working so hard to get it all in the right place, you may as well just use a wire charger. That way the phone will charge faster too. If you want an inductive charger to make charging more convenient, to be able to just drop your phone onto the charger and not worry about the phone sitting exactly in the right place - buy a bigger wireless charger base.
problematic product.. charcing old school style is much more practical !
Worked fine for about six weeks, then stopped working at a very inconvenient time. When it died, it still made the charging light/graphic on the phone turn on, so I didnt realize until too late that it wasnt actually charging. I missed half of my friends bachelorette party because my phone ran out of battery and I couldnt find the group.
Charges phone so slowly. Wish I could return, not worth it.
worked one time and never again
Doesnt work well. Stopped working within a few months! I did have a case on my phone so that could of caused some poor reception. Wouldnt waste money on it just as easy to plug in
I like the idea of this. I haven’t used another branch so I have nothing to compare it to but it seems like it sometimes is a little spotty on if it works or not. If the phone gets moved, sometimes it stops charging. The connector that plugs into the charger itself is a little loose.
Wife bought me this for Christmas. Was really excited but it only worked for a couple of days. The connection from the cord to the base doesn’t stay in. Won’t change unless you hold the cord. And it’s not eligible for return.
Wouldn’t charge and 2 weeks later Amazon won’t allow a return
Very small and hard to balance phone on it
Disappointed. The cable doesn’t stay and it doesn’t work.
Delivered as promised. Ill order from them again. but the device did not perform as expected. It wont charge my note 5. Anker was very considerate of the issues I had with this particular product and offer to send a new unit or refund the cost. This particular device did not work for me but I have other products from this company that work perfectly and their customer service is fantastic.
Charges REALLY SLOW.  And you have to put your phone on it JUST right. Annoying
Pros: It works. On my phone (Sony Z3V), placement is pretty easy. My 850 mA USB AC adapter works with it, but its slow. Fine for an overnight charge. Cons: Requires a POWERFUL USB AC adapter (not included). This CANNOT be used by plugging it into a USB port on a computer or docking station - those are max 500 mA, not enough to actually charge. Anker says this requires 2 amps - 2,000 mA - far higher than any USB AC adapter Ive seen. Its never told me my phone is fully charged (red + blue lights). It stays on "charging" (blue light). Not a problem for me, since my phones light turns green when done.
Its not good
BEWARE OF IT. Waste of my money. Dont work with my note 5 or my galaxy 7 and to top it off NO REFUNDS
Junk, temperamental, charges extremely slow.
This item is significantly not as described, it is not compatible with all the devices that the advertisement claims. I am sorry that I purchased the item and, would not recommend the purchase of this item.
Doesnt work properly. Charge link turns off after a few seconds and wont reestablish.
The charger is very slow. I set my phone down to charge when I went to bed around 11pm and when I woke up around 8am, it was only at 78%. I dont have a phone case right now and I have to put my phone on the charger exactly right or it wont work. It will randomly stop charging and I just tried to charge my phone and it wont charge at all
Bought for Spigen Case with built in Qi tech for iPhone.  Does not work.  Spigen sent me another case and it does not work for that either.
Junk.  Doesnt always work. I woke up to a phone with 5% battery too many time.  Not worth it.  I have been a loyal customer with Anker for a long time and this doesnt not meet their standards.  Too late to return it :(
I had some issue charge my phone but I have to say the customer service maybe the best
Not really worth it, i have the Samsung one and loved it, so i oredered this one for the living room. Its a pain to find the sweet spot to charge. Spend a little more and get samsung
Product presentation was great.  Unfortunately it didnt work with my LG V10.
Poor charging capabilities when using otterbox cases
It works ok, bit there is no wall plug! I have to buy a wall plug for it.
Well it works kindof, I leave it on the desk and it takes a bit of playing with it to charge, however part of that may be my fault as I do have an otterbox case, however after quite a while does not seem like it is charged much, it is possible it moved? however If i try and turn the screen on to see i move it and it stops.  Also wasnt aware it didnt come with a charger, I figured it would come with the part that plugs into the outlet, not the end of the world, as I had one but overall I think its more of a pain to charge it wireless then to just plug it in.
Having to find the perfect spot on my charger case to catch a charge.  Not sure if it is this piece that is so picky or the case.
*update: Anker contacted me after reading this review, and asked to replace the unit as it is likely a malfunction with this individual unit. I was so impressed with how much they care about their reputation and how quickly they responded directly to me. I’ve seen reviews where companies justify issues and Anker stepped up and backed their product. I have not yet received the replacement, but I am hopeful that the new unit will be fully functional and I’ll get to enjoy this new and convenient feature.  This pad is small and low profile which I like. It worked immediately out of the box, but the next night, it wasn’t working! I unplugged it and plugged it back in which started it back up, but when I woke up, it was dead again and my phone wasn’t charging. I can’t even see where to contact the company. Not happy.
Bought this for my iPhone X. It works for about 10 minutes, then overheats and stops charging. I went to try and return it, but now I’m finding out that there are no returns for this product. Great!
Already broken
Pretty good if you want to charge your iPhone X at 1% per hour.
It works but does not come with a USB power brick that plugs in the wall.
Will not work on my Samsung 5. Didnt realize that when I purchased it.
Horrible purchase does not work well... went in the trash!
One still works fine, the other got hot and melted around the micro plug.. probably would have burnt my truck down If I didnt find it when I did
Did not work with my Galaxy j7
Doesnt work burnt up after about 20 minutes
Okay charger it took a little longer to charge but eventually did.
Never worked.
Very bad...dont use it
Doesnt work at all
I was excited about getting a small wireless charger.  It started out working good but after a month it does not work well. It stops charging randomly overnight so the phone is not charged in the morning.  The Samsung and PowerBot chargers work find. Using a Samsung S6
It worked fine for the first two days, even with the case on. On day 3 it would only work with the case off. Now, about a week later, it is very finicky about the phone placement so I have to constantly move the phone around until it connects and be very careful not to bump it so it does not stop charging. It is basically useless.
It didnt last.
Super slow to charge my Galaxy S7. Maybe its the case. I usually end up just using the cord that came with it, which makes it the worlds most expensive 3-foot charging cable. It works (kinda), but I would not buy it again. Not bad for overnight charging, but sometimes even that doesnt work well.
Sorry it did not charge a LG  Flip phone.
Not a bad charger if you have a 50% charge and have 8 hours before you need your phone again.
No, it did not work with my Note4. I gave it to my daughter-in-law since it did work wit her phone. She says it is ok, her phone has to be just a certain way for it to work.
Worked great for two months. Now takes 8 hours to charge. (Used to be 3). It is currently a paperweight.
Does not charge my Samsung Droid 2 at all.  only charges my wifes Microsoft phone if she takes it out of the case.
This thing is a piece of junk. Totally worthless. Took 4.5 hours to charge my Samsung S7 Edge to 59%. The charger has to be plugged in. So whats the point if i can just plug my phone in. In essence, the charger just gets in the way of charging the phone.  This piece of junk wont charge my phone while its in the case.  What a hassle to constantly take phone out of its case, put phone in case, remove case, put case back on. Customer service is a joke too! and not a funny joke. They tried to make an ass outta me when i inquired about performance, return policy, etc. The whole experience was just dismal. I would not recomend this product to anyone. I will be avoiding any and all ANKER devices in the future.
Have to move phone around to get phone to charge
Does not work for samsung S6 edge and does not allow return. It is a trap!
Does not work for Nexus 5x
Touchy Pad with a VERY SLOW charge on S7, No returns!
THIS THING SUCKS
Cables stopped whitening several months after purchase.
Doesnt charge well.
It has a mind of its own. Sometimes it charges and sometimes it doesn’t. Plus you have to place it just right after wise it doesn’t charge. I don’t recommend this product and I can’t even return it. UPDATE After contacting customer service, they not only refunded us, but they sent us another one to try. This second product is much much better and would totally recommend it. We are also changing our start rating from 1 to 3 star all because of their amazing customer service.
This thing is terrible. It just randomly shuts off. No rhyme or reason. It shuts off while charging it shuts off while in stand by. You gotta unplug it and wait a minute then plug it back in. So annoying to set your phone down come back an hour later to find out it’s shut itself down. It’s a good paperweight.
Doesnt do as well with thicker OtterBox type of cases for the V30. You have to very precise on the placement of the phone on th pad. Good thing theres a light indicator, it would be a pain without it.
It was working great up until last night. For some reason last night I placed my phone 8 onto the charger and it said it was charging. The next morning I picked up my phone and it was extremely hot to touch and I noticed it did not charge at all that night. The heat must have been really excessive since our house was freezing that night, we actually had multiple pipes freeze. I cant imagine what would have happened if this were in the summer. Im a huge Anker fan but Im not so sure after this, I am very nervous to use the charger now. I guess the temperature sensors dont stop the charging all of the time. And with Apple knowingly slowing phones, keeping your battery safe is more important than ever.
Don’t waste your money. It don’t work and won’t allow a return! A waste of your money
This charger quit working after 2 weeks.
This particular charger does not work for me when it’s plugged in
The charger felt cheaply made to begin with. It doesn’t charge my phone with my pop socket on, and to top it all off... I can’t return it. Of course 
Doesnt work on any of my phones not able to re turn not happy
I have used this sparingly for 6 months and it just caught fire and started smoking when I tried to plug it in.
This charger does work as advertised.  The phone gets warm while charging.  My main problem was that you have to set your phone on the wireless charger in the perfect position for charging to work.  I have the problem of a messy desk, and too many times while getting ready for bed I would put the phone on the charger, but later I would bump my desk and slightly move the phone, and then it wouldnt end up charging, but I wouldnt find out until then next morning.  After a couple of weeks of trying to use this, it ended up in my box of gizmos that I dont want to throw away, but that I dont ever use anymore.
It works okay. Not too bad, not really good either. Takes a while to charge.
Spotty contact reception and slower than dirt, this device us not recommend.
Has to charge without a case. Flashing lights so annoying while charging. Will not buy again
Charges but it is very slow
Pretty weak signal-- it wouldnt charge unless I took off my cell phone case, and I have a pretty thin case.
Dont buy if you want rapid charger. Also, wont charge with cover on phone.
It wasnt compatible with my K7 I will let sister true it out to see if it works for hers
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!! IT MELTED DOWN AND STARTED A FIRE IN MY HOUSE!!! It completely melted, melted a pill bottle and scorched the corner of our toaster in the middle of the night!!!
Very limited charging range.  I have a Galaxy S7 with Otterbox Defender case on it and have to position it just right to get it to charge.  My Samsung wireless charger and my wifes off brand charger dont have any problem.  My wifes S6 edge works fine with this charger though.
Buy something else.  Worked great on my Note 5 for about 2 months.  Now the blue light comes on but it keeps turning on phone screen about every 30 seconds saying, "wireless charging interrupted."  So between not consistently charging, and then turning on the screen every 30 seconds, my battery quickly goes dead.  Will be finding something else to replace it....
Very, very sensitive. I tried two different ones on both a Samsung Galaxy s6 edge and s7 edge and neither work well. You have to repeatedly place the phone on the pad and move it around until it registers.
Didnt work at first. TRY putting phone on charger circle THEN  plugging into wall. When i ordered it only came with the USB connector but I connected it to a USB to Wall  Plug that I already had. So... PHone on charger first then plug into wall. It started charger. DID  NOT come with wall  charger and cord is really short. 12" maybe
Would not work with Samsung S6. I tried a number of things to troubleshoot, but nothing worked. To make matter worse, this item was not returnable, however after calling Amazon, they issued a refund. Very disappointed with Anker as I really enjoy their other products.
Does not charge nearly as quickly as the Samsung wireless charger.
This charger does not charge my Samsung Note 5. I left it on the charger for 1 hour and the battery drained more than it charged. It is constantly charging and then pausing they cycle. DO NOT BUY.
Takes too long to charge and has to be in a sweat spot to work. **Update** seller was great and offered compensation for product downfalls.
It doesn’t charge my phone. I’ll have it sitting on it for hours and the charge goes down! If anything it just heats up my phone...I bought it not 10 days ago and I’m not eligible for a refund. Very disappointed. Edit 1/9/18: Anker was very prompt in contacting me after I placed this review. They gave me some troubleshooting tips, and sent me an updated model. It works much better, and other reviewers are saying the same. Updated to three stars for excellent service, but I suggest buying the newer charger.
It gets very hot. The cable does stay plugged in the back. Takes up to 3 hours if not longer to do a complete charge. Im scared its going to catch fire
I have to unplug and reconnect this everytime to connect to my IPhoneX thats so stupid. I wish I can get a full refund.
It stop working right after the window for returning it closed. Do not waste your money.
This was a bad buy. It doesnt charge the phone much at all. Left the iPhone X on it all night. Charged nothing. Tried again next day. NADA. Forget about it!
Used once and a waste as plugging the phone requires the same amount of effort. Fails to work with a case.
Broke within 2 weeks very disappointed I wish I could return it
having some issues with it seeming like it is draining the battery instead of charging it.
Horrible!!
We had it for a while (around a year) and it stopped working ... not sure why but I wouldnt buy it again!
I wanted to pick up a cheap charging pad for my BlackBerry PRIV. I was a bit suspicious of a product that dropped more than 50% in price that also doesnt have a return policy. Ive had ANKER products before and they are usually dependable and usable, but this charging pad generates way too much heat (44C) on my smartphone, which is commonly known as the battery killer. The slow charge rate is also an indication of how inefficient the charging pad is, generating all the heat in the process. The pad is also very small, so my phone is likely to tilt instead of staying in place. The amount of effort spent to balance the phone, I may as well plug it in and save the battery from being fried.
Wasnt for a Iphone 7
Dont charge fast
It is really hard to charge the phone with case, have to send it back
At first my husband liked this however it is now dead and doesnt charge :(  I bought  this July 2016.  Time to buy a Samsung one like mine :(
It doesnt charge fast and steady at all. I have to  place it on the pad several times before it makes connection. Then it goes off and on. I dont like it.
This charger is sooooo slow! There have been at least 3 times since I bought the device that I have left it properly on the charger overnight and my phone wont be past 87%, 6 - 8 hours later!
I bought two of these chargers and they worked for a few charges then stopped working. They do have good customer service and offered to replace both products.
This does not charge! Do not buy it!
Does not work with my LG, I also purchased the warranty with it. I am told I can not return it. One unhappy customer.
SO slow at charging. and i am convinced that lay flat charging is worthless because you cant look at your phone without taking it off the charger
Product never worked from the beginning. I wouldnt recommend buying from them.
Sucks, did not charge my phone. My phone actually lost charge while on this charger
The iPhone adapter isnt recognized by the iPhone and it stopped working altogether.
Im pretty disappointed with this charger.  It takes me a while to find that sweet spot for it to work, and it will not charge with the case on.  at this point i found it easier to just plug it in instead of trying to charge it wirelessly.
I purchased this after about 3 uses it started to melt, thankfully I was sitting right net to it at the time. BUYER BEWARE !!!
slow at charging,  and phone needs to be placed just right for it to enable the charge.  Otherwise it does charge the phone over night just fine.
Liked the convenience of just laying it down to charge. Dislike the size. It’s to small for the plus size phones. Needs to have a larger base.
Mine only charges my phone about 35% of the one. I have it in my room and all night long it stops charging and my phone light turns on to notify me! So annoying since it wakes me up and makes me super nervous because my phone is my alarm. Last night my phone was about to die so I went to put it on a regular charger and it was so HOT i thought it may have messed something up. Returning it!
Does not charge Galaxy S7 efficiently or at all most of the time.
Didnt work with an HTC  or Nexus as stated that it would.
It only worked for 35 days.  Stopped working.
Terrible. Does not charge my galaxy note 5 much at all. Keeps the same level as it started with when i put the phone on it.
Heats up your phone a Lot and doesnt charge up past 60%
It accomplishes its job as a very affordable wireless charger, but the charging rate is cripplingly slow
Does work for a Note 4
Hard to line up the phone to charge on this pad. The slightest bump causes it to stop charging, and more than once it has said its charging but Ive been late because the phone died in the middle of the night and my alarm didnt go off.
Does not work with droid turbo well.
Bought three of these because Anker is a great brand and Ive always loved their products. Having said that, these charge my devices WAY TOO SLOW. I have found that if Im going to be sitting near my phone anyway its faster to unplug the charging pad and use its micro USB cable to go directly into the Qi Mophie case my iPhone 7 Plus uses. You get way more juice from the cable connecting the pad than laying it on the pad. Second complaint is that its hard to tell when youve placed the phone correctly on the pad. Theres a red light on the pad that turns blue when its placed properly. Ive placed my phone on there and walked away only to find that it wasnt seated on it 100% to the pads liking and therefore never started charging. This results in my finnicking with the phone and the pad and waiting by it until I see the phone indicate its charging OR looking from below the phone to try and see if the light changed. Its a real pain. At least with the wire you plug it in and walk away. 5 stars for the wire they include to power the charging pad, but negative 4 stars for the small, annoying charging pad. Third complaint, sometimes the charging pads make a low buzzing sound when I place the phone on them. Its not all the time, but it weirds me out enough to take the phone off when it starts doing it. I dont want to risk that its going to catch fire (though admittedly I have no idea why it intermittently buzzes). I contacted support about this issue, so they should be aware its happening.
it was a toy. never did work. it came with very little instruction and for my money even though it was relatively cheap it was a piece of crap.
It is very hard to get my Note 5 positioned so it will charge and when I do it charges very slow. I do have an iOttie Qi wireless car mount that works great for wireless charging so I was hoping this would work better.
It did not work with my note 5
dont know how it work, plugged it in, does not charge the battery, no instructions, dont know what to do with it.
This thing is a piece of garbage.  Not only did it not work, Im pretty sure it ruined the battery on my Galaxy S7 Edge.
The name was a little misleading, which may have been my fault for not researching further. Its "wireless" in the sense that the charger is not connected to a wall. However, you still have to connect the phone to the usb. If thats what youre looking for then it works fine. The battery doesnt last all day but it os a good temporary fix.
Even with the case completely removed, it takes finagling to get the phone to charge. Itll charge for a bit then stop. I went back to plugging my phone in to charge.  Very disappointed
This product is junk and isnt eligible for return. Dont buy it. Mine does work after a week.
Do not buy!!!!!!! Doesn’t keep charging. My phone would charge a while then stop randomly. It’s a brand new phone so I know it’s not the phone. Company would not return. Very disappointed!
Very disappointed thus is a VERY slow charger. Save your money and buy a different kind.
This does not work....period, I have the Samsung note8, it only charges when sat on the thing in a specific spot which takes 10 minutes to find, easier to just plug the phone in....I want to purchase the Samsung version~ Sorry~~~
Just got this, it don’t work with my phone and its “not eligible” to return. Don’t take a chance on this.
Its my fault for not reading the fine print. It doesnt come with the power supply. I thought it did. For the price I could have bought the much nicer Samsung charger that now includes the power supply. It is ok. It functions ok so no complaints with that. I think it is in the small side. But Im thinking it is just right to embed flush into a table top. Just what I need, another project...
Purchased this on a flash deal from amazon, it is made really crappy and will only work at times.  There is something wrong with the plug at the base so it will not charge most of the times.  So basically useless!!
Waste of $18! I’ve only had it for 3 days and now it dose not work anymore. What’s makes matters more worst is that you can return it...I’m so mad!
Not work, don’t allow to return
Bought 2 pads. Both worked initially although they were hard to lineup with a large phone. Two weeks later 1 stopped charging and now the second has stopped charging. Would not recommend.
Would not work on any of my systems. Gave to Goodwill.
You cant charge it if the case is on. You have to take the case on and off the phone to charge the phone... it is not convenient.
Did not work as advertised
Dont buy it
just ask yourself one question. do you want to go throught the process of taking your phone out of its case every time you need to charge it? If the answer is no, then you will want to avoid buying this charger, because it cannot charge with any case we tried or any case worth the name "case" as opposed to "decal". And. Its slow as molasses so if youre used to quick charges or even reasonble ones, then look elsewhere.
Lasted just ONE year.
Super slow charger. The case must be removed to connect. Absolutely useless
Hard to find proper placement.
Charges very slowly.... Pointless
Its a cute novelty. Not very effective through my other box
This charges exceptionally slowly
I was totally dissatisfied with the product. It has never work.  I followed all of the instruction That was available. I need a replacement  or a Refund.
I like anker a lot but this does not seem like a good product. It is extremely sensitive as far as getting my phone to charge. I can move my phone a couple of centimeters to the left or right and it wont detect it anymore and will stop charging. I have the samsung galaxy s6 edge+.and would like to start using the wireless charging so I may look around for another option. One I hope that isnt so difficult to start charging.
Did not work
Im not sure what the advantage of this charger is versus a typical lightening cable.  It certainly doesnt charge my phone faster than a cable.  I have to take my iPhone 8 out of the case in order to use the charger.  Would not buy again.
What makes this work?  Ive it plugged in and charging (?) for 3 hours.  Its not working!
Takes a long time to charge
Didn’t work very good so I threw it out
Does not work with my phone.  Totally my fault since I didnt read the product description closely.  I am therefore not competent to comment on its performance.
I really tried to love it. But it take so long to charge the phone. It’s been almost a week and last night my phone had 25 % so I let it charge over night. Only 37%!!! Yes, that is after letting it charge through over night.
It will work even with a phone case.  However the charging takes forever.  I got 6% power in 30 minutes with a regular iPhone charger block.  I used my stronger Ipad charger block and it got 9% power in 19 mins.  Not satisfied with the product, I contact Anker to get a return.  Anker said I can keep the charging pad for my inconvenience and credit my account.  Customer service was great, they replied back pretty quick.
Waste of money not working from day 1 and it can’t be returned or replace ..
It arrived not working.
My phone is too old for it to work, and they will not replace it.  Ill save it until I upgrade my phone!
My Iphone x remains on blue light when fully charged????
*** UPDATE *** I’ve since changed my review to 3 stars from 1 star for a couple of reasons: 1. They have FANTASTIC customer service 2. I’ve since used a different wall charger (2A) and that has seemed to of helped with it cutting off. Should come with wall charger. This thing is trash... it doesn’t fully charge your phone. Also makes your phone really hot. You also have to perfectly position your phone to make charge. Another thing is it will completely shut off randomly and won’t turn back on unless you plug it in another outlet. It’s not usable at all... and I can’t return it! Waste of money!!
charge rate is below expectation
Very good quality, but a bit small for my needs.  Gave it to my husband and purchased a larger one for myself.
I bought two different Anker chargers. This one is a 1 coil Slim Wireless Charger Black 2nd Edition. I tried it overnight with an Iphone X and a Luvitt Clearview cover. It charged the phone from 30% to 77% in 8 hours, and was quite hot. The phone was being cooked by the charger. The next night I tried a PowerPort Wireless 10 wireless charger UN Black. It fully charged the phone overnight and was not hot at all. I am returning the bad one, and keeping the good one. I will buy more of the good one. Disappointed that neither comes with the USB to AC plug for the wall. Update one week later.......Anker direct was fantastic when I called to return this one. They offered a refund and a second one mentioned above that worked good. I am delighted with their service and support, and how they stood behind the product!
Doesn’t charge poor charging
I would not recommend buying the product. It did not work I attempted to charge my phone and after eight hours my phone was still at 25%. I attempted to charge ny phone again the second night and had the same results. I went on to try and return this product and now I have to call Amazon. There is nothing worse than having a product that does not work and you can not return it! Buyer beware!!!!!!
Bought the Galaxy Note 8, with a thin case, and the charger does work... sometimes. Usually I the LED light will turn off at random and will not turn on to charge until I unplug the device from the wall and back in. As long as the charging pad stays on it works great, but I was hoping for something for a little lower maintenance.
The item doesn’t work I need to return it.
Does not function properly with iPhone X. Charge turns on then off, over and over again. Also gets very hot. Would not recommend.
Works for charging 1 or 2 hours. But when you leave it overnight, it shuts off, and then drains your phone battery
Product does as advertised though I’m not entirely comfortable with how warm it gets during charging if any apps are running.
wow these charging pads SUCK!!!!! and to make matters worse they are not returnable?  I bought two of these on November 1st 2017 and as of today they dont work on my galaxy s7... neither of them... and I tried to return them through Amazon and it said they are not eligible for return.  buyer beware on these, pay a few more bucks to get a brand that isnt garbage.
The Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad for Galaxy Note 5 did not live up to my expectations. I also bought the Anker powerport. This unit is NOT fast a charger. Comepare to my note 5 charging cord. While my charging cord noted an estimate of one hour to charge... the Anker unit was noting 2 hours.  Had i not got rid of the box shipping materials , i would have sent back
Really disappointed in this. We bought it to use next to the bed to charge our LG V10 overnight.  The low charge rate wasnt an issue as again the main use was to be left on the charger for hours.  To our surprise, we woke to find the V10 very hot and had to pull the battery to restart it.  Once it restarted, it was at 46% battery.  We thought perhaps this was a fluke software issue so we tried again the next day.  The same thing happened.  After the battery hit 100% the charger kept the phone hot and the battery level went down.  We also purchased another QI charger for our LG G3 and used it as a test charger.  When the V10 hit 100%, the charger kicked off and the phone stayed fully charged without heating up whatsoever. No returns allowed on this item. Amazon mentions contacting the vendor which I will be doing next.  I dont like to give 1/5 star ratings for products unless they are really bad, but, if this item is overheating phones it will eventually ruin them and thats not ok. We have an Anker PowerCore+ Mini that we carry everywhere and love due to its build quality and convenience.  The same unfortunately isnt the case with this product.
Ive had many Anker products, and most are great. Their cables, external batteries, and chargers have all worked perfectly. This wireless charger is a message. The blue light comes on, but the tablet or phone is not actually charging. Or it will start charging, then stop somewhere in the night so I wake up to half dead devices. Other wireless chargers work on these devices, so the fault lies with Anker. Ill reconsider my unconditional recommendation of their products after this.
This charger is NOT compatible with the Nexus 5x, despite "Nexus" being listed as compatible in the title. Will be returning.
You have to make sure the phone is sitting just right on the charger otherwise it does not engage.  There has to be better products.  What a waste of money!
It seems to take too long to fully charge the phone, Ive had other wireless charges and they are way faster.
This charger worked for my IPhone X for approximately 2 months and then stopped charging the phone.
Would be awesome if the included wire didnt break within a week of ordering it. The no return policy makes the situation even better definitely buy from a reputable source.
I have to say that is pretty sad because I ordered 3 units for my husbands Valentines present and none of them worked, not  with Samsung 4, 5, Nexus, Blue tablet nor iPhone, none device at home works with these and there is NOT POLICY RETURN, it sucks, they sell something knowing it  wont work.   Feeling very desappointed.
Charger stopped working 3 days after I started using it.  I cost more to return it than to just keep it after it broke.
Works fine, but the cable is very easily to come loose, causing power loss. Not sure if it is a design issue or it is only mine..
I bought this when I switched to Iphone8 and could no longer charge with earplugs being used.  It initially worked although it charged very slowly, but it only worked for about a month!  (right at time you cant return anymore)  Do not waste your money...I wish I had bought bluetooth earplugs as a solution instead.  I ordered 2 brands at the same time and that one worked a little longer but just stopped working (which prompted me to review both).
Doesnt work if you use a magnet for holders for inside your car..which I do! I bought NANAMI Fast Wireless Charger and works fine.
It stopped working after one week, no red light on base. No more phone charging. I bought it on Lighting deal for $9. I called Anker, so now at $19 "its out of stock" (even though its available on Amazon) and Anker is sending me a refund...after I return the product.  Makes me think they were just getting rid of a bad shipment and hoping that it would last.
Waited for this charger to come out after I got my iPhone8.  Seemed OK at first, though placement of the phone on the charger can be hit or miss.  Then the USB cable at the charger pad began to pull out.  Connector is too lose, probably the connection at the pad is not well designed.  I am constantly checking to make sure it is still plugged in.  Not a good thing. Called  Anker to get this corrected.  They claim it is no longer available?  Amazon still shows it.  Makes no sense!   So they will simply refund my money, which is OK, but I would have rather have had a decent unit...
Do not buy.  Not working and not eligible for return.
Ever bought something and say....wish I would have read the reviews? Well that’s me this morning, because first thing I noticed when I woke up was my phone was half charged and the charger was not working. Tried everything to fix to no avail. Starting reading the reviews on this charger and find that many people has the same issue. As my luck would have it there in a no return so it looks like I’m stuck with nothing. It’s disappointing when you get something new and it won’t work. Even worse, I just got the iphonex and was looking to supplement with wireless charging. I would not recommend and I would also not recommend a seller who donest make it right. I should have done a little more research.
the cord wont stay in the charger
Was using this charger for my iPhone 8 plus and it charged the phone slow. Not as a great product as I thought it would be
Works ok just slow to charge
After 6 hours with a 10V plug, it only charged 4%
I bought this as a way to wirelessly charge the new iPhone X.  It takes several hours to get a full charge.  After charging the device for over 2 hours it finally got above 50% battery life.  I am glad I did not pay top dollar for this item.
Does not charge Iphone 8 plus.  Indicator would say its charging, left the phone at 58% for more than 30 mins, came back and still 58%.  note that I didnt have any casing for the phone yet.  and amazon does not allow returns for this charger.
Will not charge the iPhone 8, simply charges for a few seconds and disconnects. Moving the this charger didn’t work and neither did trying different outlets. They also won’t let you return it even if you got it the same day. Pathetic.
What a scam!  This charger doesnt charge at all and they wont let you return it!  DO NOT BUY!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!
This is not a fast charger as it says in add. It changes the phone, but in a normal matter. Shipping was on time.
I was under the impression that this would be a fast charger, but it is not. If you are looking to get a wireless charger you might as well get a fast charging one especially if you were already using a fast charger
I bought it solely because it claimed it would fast charge me s7 but it failed on me within a week and says it will take over 7 hours just to charge.
Not as easy to use as you would think.  Slightest movement and the charging wont work and you wont know until its too late.
Is nice and works on my Android but the base is a little to thick and phone sometimes falls to side.
The charger works only when i put the phone (Samsung galaxi s 6+ )in a preticular posution , i have to spend some time to place the phone on the corret position. Shiping was on time
My wireless charger was working fine until last night. My s7 edge would not charge and got hot. I switched to another charger and it was fine.
Doesnt work that well with iPhone X in case.
The cord and the charger are loose. They don’t stay together that often. I have to connect it always. The charger on my the whole works fine.
Takes FOREVER to charge. Set it down last night (10:00 pm pacific) at 15% charged and at 5:00 am its only at 74% charged.  Ridiculous, I cant return either since i no longer have the original boxes since i expected this to work from all the positive reviews. Now i know why they had this as a lightning deal. Thank god i didnt pay full price. (Update: After leaving my previous review Anker reached out to me and we tried to figure out the issue. After figuring out it is not my case nor the wall charger so i will be returning the device. Very happy with the speedy response time and great customer service. I have a speaker from Anker that i bought some time ago and have never had any issues with, plus it works fantastically btw, so i was very much looking forward to the charger made by them. Unfortunately, i got a dud but it happens. The company handles things professionally and that in itself will have me returning to their products.)
The charger works, but it doesnt always work through my thin phone case (unlike other wireless chargers I own), and my phone tends to fall off the charger. I wish it were a little bit bigger so that didnt happen. Update- Anker sent me a . The new charger is from what I can tell an upgraded version of this charger. I would give the new charger 5 stars, and would recommend people buy that one, not this one. It works much better.
The size is good but the charging time is slower than my other wireless charger. It randomly charges and gets hot. This is a junk.
The item is defective. Item is junk and doesn’t work! I wouldn’t be payed to use this item. Then to top it off, I can’t return it.
I bought two and they both work for two minutes and stop working our iPhone x
POS!!! Worked for one day  1 DAY! I cant even return it. Waste of money.
Not a fast charger. Very disapointed. Wish I knew that I would not be able to return so that I would not have purchased in the first place.
It has a light that will change from red to blue when its charging something, but occasionally itll give me a false positive which will lead to me believe its charging my tablet, and then Ill try to use it a day or two later and itll be dead. I imagine this is more of an issue with tablets than it is with phones though, just because of their larger size which makes getting the correct charing spot a little trickier.
Useless junk.  Bought two; one did not work at all and the other does not charge with Note 8 in Otterbox Defender.  This charger can not be returned through Amazon.  Anker customer service advised me to remove the case to charge the phone - absurd advice.  I was formerly a fan of Anker but will now avoid their products. UPDATE:  I contacted Anker Customer Support via the Amazon Contact Seller link.  After that initial contact, Anker Customer support was very impressive and went above and beyond to solve the problem.  Im now happily using a different model of Anker wireless charger, AK-A2513011, which is working flawlessly for the Note 8 with Defender case.  Ironically, this isolated experience with one disappointing product has actually strengthened my confidence in Anker products as a whole. The 1-star rating applies to the Anker B00Y839YMU because of the two i bought, one was dead on arrival and one worked intermittently at best. I rate Anker Customer Service at FIVE STARS because of the way they responded to, and solved, the problem.
This charger doesnt work with a case on phone. Upgraded to the A2513 charger and it works great
Package was open and usb head was bent
It charges well but really slow. Slower than the lighting plug in. MAJOR downside it doesn’t charge continuously overnight. So if you live it overnight to charge it will stop at 100%. They your battery drains down to 50% when you wake up. I tried returning this and it says not eligible for returns. This is BS. Never lost return policy or the continuous charge issues. Worthless as I will go back to my lighting cable charger.
Junk . Worked 2 days .
My biggest complaint about this charger is that I have to take my phone out of its protective case EVERY TIME I want to charge my phone. So basically, this charger just sits in a drawer now. I probably should have done some more research about it before buying it.
Used it for iPhone 8 plus for a week, and then it overcharged and overheated my New iPhone 8 plus. its advertised with temperature control, but I am sure the one I received did not have it. This wireless charger almost ruined my new iPhone. For the record, I did use my lightening cable which came with the new iPhone 8. Be aware before you guys order, look for a better charger. Customer service is no help either.
Awful product, it doesn’t work at all. Looks much bigger in person imthen it actually is. I left the phone to charge and woke up to having no change. I want a refund, worse thing I have ever bought.
Piece junk short in charging cable and guess what they don’t accept returns what a joke
Two star rating because, it’s a charger right? So you’d expect you’d be shipped everything you need to charge your device. Well, there’s no a/c power cube. The device is small too, you can only charge one wireless device at a time. It also charges slowly but I kind of expected that since it is wireless. I would say get it, if you have an extra cube laying around and you know you have moments in your day/night where you set your device down for extended periods of time, for a little power snack. Don’t throw away your charging cables though.
Straight up this is a bad product, I even gave it away to an iPhone user and they say they can’t use it. Don’t buy it!
The charger wont work with the Otterbox Case making this charger less desired
Doesnt charge husbands Samsung S6. No, he didnt have the case on.
I have a rubber back on my phone that holds one credit card, and therefore this product is not useful
It worked great for about 3 weeks and now it will not charge? What do I do?
This thing never works as advertised. You put phone on it at night, check and make sure the phone says it’s charging, then wake up the next day and it hasn’t charged. I would not recommend this product whatsoever.
No good. The code quickly comes out.
Charging works fine— when the phone stays on the pad! The iPhone X is very slippery! And if you get any vibrating messages at all, the phone will slowly slip off the pad and stop charging. Recommend a pad with more rubber/stickiness!
Does not work !!! Do not waste your money.
Cord is not very long and charges slowly and phone has to be in one very particular spot in order to do so.
Worthless
This charger is a waste of money, it worked one day for me. Now it’s just a coaster!!!!
Doesnt charge.
Terrible. Doesn’t work, can’t return.
After I got this unit for a few month, I did not use it due to some problem of my phone. Today it was the first time I use it. Then it was broken... Very disappointed. There is no power coming out of it now.
The actual charging aspect is effective. However, the cable for the charger falls out of the charger very frequently with very little contact. I’m not sure if this is just mine or the product as a whole.
I was so excited to get this because Anker is a great company so I knew I would get a great product. Then the bad news the charger does not work and when I went to return product to get another one it is not returnable??? Does not seem very fair....
I buy a lot of my accessories from Anker - cables, chargers and so on. Ive never been disappointed. Not this time tho. I bought two of these for my iphones 8, but I must say after a while of using it I realized that the charging is awfully slow... It takes good couple of hours to fully charge my phone... Im an not sure if its something wrong with the charger, or if its just not as compatible with iphone 8 as advertised. Sadly, I do not recommend it for iphones.
Worked for exactly 2 days then just stopped charging.  The build quality is bad, the included USB Cable doesnt fit right in the charging unit, and like I said it just stopped charging.  Look else where for a charger, this one is junk
I have to align my S7 perfectly before it will start charging then most nights my phone moved & only charges about hallway. If my phone stays on charger overnight it works but it is finicky.
I never write reviews because everything that Ive purchased works the way it should. However, this wireless charging pad is a piece of crap. My wife and I recently upgraded to the iPhone 8 Plus and Im lucky if I get a 1% charge PER HOUR and I bought 2. This is the worst purchase ever and I cant even return it. This is a complete scam. Can anyone suggest a reputable wireless charger?
So I got the charger. Worked wonderful the first night (Friday) It charged my phone when I slept  Woke up to 100% Saturday I didn’t use it. I didn’t charge my phone that night. Sunday I placed it on the charger , it for up 5% and stopped. The phone didn’t register it was charging. There were no lights on the charger. Completely stopped.  Tried another power supply and same thing. Charged for a few then shut down. No return policy or contact info. Amazon had to refund me :-/ not cool
IT doest WORK for Samsung phones Even with the protective case off. HORRIBLE
Having only had the item for a day, I will say it works but it charges very slow! Will be useful for overnight charges, but I think for now I will have to keep using the lighting cord to charge during the day.
Didn’t charge well at all. Had to get refund.
I bought this  wireless charger and it didn’t come with their lunch instructions. I plugged it in and it does work on my iPhone 8 Plus but it charges extremely slow and my phone gets very hot after only 30 minutes of being on the charger, I was very concerned about this so I started using the iPhone charger that came with the phone. I think this is a great idea but I’m not really sure about the safety aspect of it I’ve heard some people  had issues with their battery expanding .
This item did not work with any of my Samsung products. Not sure why.
Beware. Although listed as compatible with the Galaxy Note 4 smartphone, IT IS NOT!  Also, the seller does not take returns.  Beware.
Works some of the time with but one of the two Samsung phones in the household. Charges for a while before it goes off.  I think that this particular item is faulty.
Giving this product a 3 because when the charger works, its great, however I find the charger is not reliable. Half of the time, my phone switches from charging to not charging repeatedly and then settles on not charging. Im not sure if this is just my charger, however Im hesitant to rely on this product.
I love Anker products and own more than I can count so was excited at a less expensive wireless charging pad.  Works ok without a case on the phone.  With an Otterbox it still works but I have to search and search for just the right spot for the device to charge.  I also have a more expensive Samsung charger - it is better but still suffers the same issue with having to search for a sweet spot.
It doesnt work.
It was not noted that you need an adapter to charger a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 on it. The one I purchased also didnt work so I dont know if the product actually works, I am in the process of trying to return it.
I bought this in hopes it would work with my Otterbox Defender case on my Galaxy S7. Alas, it does not. If I removed the outter shell of the Defender, it would sometimes connect and start charging, but would not stay charging. I dont fault the charger for this, but it will be nice when there is a way to charger though a heavy case, like the ones I require if I want my phone to last longer than a day. I took the case off entirely and the phone has to be placed just so on the charger for it to connect and start charging. I hooked it to the Samsung fast charger using the included cord from Anker and it seemed to charge just a bit slower than plugging the cable into the phone directly. I will gift this to my daughter and continue my search for a puck that will work with a thick, heavy phone case. EDIT: Anker contacted me quite soon after posting this review as they were concerned about their product not working and were offering a refund or replacement. I must restate, it worked FINE, just not with my heavy case. I love a company that stands behind their product and will back it up as Anker is obviously willing to do. UPDATE: Anker sent me the Powerport Wireless 5 pad as a replacement and so far so good. It IMMEDIATELY connected with my phone through the Defender case and seems much less picky about how you put the phone on to charge. If you are a heavy case user, check out this charger.
Does not work
Item is not working try it on 3 different phones and item is not returnable be aware
Product arrived quickly, but it took a few days to properly connect.  It is now working fine, but no faster than previous wire.
I bought this an an xmas gift, it stopped working in 2 days! and now I cant return it?
Doesn’t work and cannot return. So bummed out over this. :(
This device did not work well for me.  It is difficult to get the iPhone X in the right place to start charging, and sometimes when it has been charging, the charging stops.  The device did not meet my expectations.
I have had a lot of luck with Anker products in the past but this fell short. It takes nearly a full work day to charge from 5 to 100%. I ended up just using the lightning cable on my IphoneX which works way better.
Defected. Will not charge for more than 2 minuets.The red light blinks all the time (even when the phone is on charge.) I’ve unplugged it and plugged it back up and still get the same results. I tried using the Amazon return option since I haven’t had the product 30 days but it showed it wasn’t able to be return.
Not working as aspected, phone sits on charger bust doesn’t charge. Ordered two and neither is working well
Does not really work well with iPhone X. Constantly re positioning and trying to make it work.
DO NOT BUY FOR IPHONE X  BE WARNED I place my phone on it tried to find the sweet spot even wouldnt register it at all.  Love all of the anker purchases in the past it is a complete shame this will make me forever view this company poorly.  Their loss.
This item worked for 2 weeks. The USB port is so weak that I cannot plug any cord into it now. It has become a dead little circle. Edit: The company was nice enough to offer a replacement. While it is not the same product, it works great. Lesson is, get the circle that costs 3 bucks more.
Like many others have said, you have to find the sweet spot. I’m using my iPhone X and it works to charge, however there have been many mornings when I wake up to find that my phone isn’t charged up, even though it was charging when I went to sleep. I’m not sure what happens during the charging process, but something is keeping it from fully charging, even though the blue light is continuously on.
Broke almost instantly after purchase. It seems the USB port is the weak spot. Anker customer service was excellent though and gave me a full refund.
Horrible charging. My iphone 8 went down in percentage WHILE on the charger. What a waste of money. I am going to buy something better.
Very slow charging
Non-returnable and does not work with a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Good style. Great price. Not a fast charger. Only has 1 amp output power. I bought another one with 10 amps for fast charging. Still like the puck shape of this one and the rubber on it keeps your phone from slipping. If you only charge with this when you sleep it will go from 0-100% in 4-6 hours. So its not useless, there are better ones though. Love Anker brand, this charger was one of the first wireless chargers released.
Charging cable was loose in the housing so it would randomly stop chargin...returned
Received this charger less than 1 week ago, & it has not fully charged my phone over night yet. I’ve been using my corded chargers during the day because of this. So far, dissatisfied, & I don’t normally write reviews.
Seems to charge really slowly... Update about 1-2 weeks after: It has stopped working. Terrible product. Update 10/31/17: I reached out to Anker about my faulty charger and theyre quickly responded and offered me a full refund while sending me another charger to try again. This one works perfectly so far (its been about 2-3 weeks). I am very pleased with the customer support.
Worked reasonably well for a while. Fussy about the location of my Note 5, had to move it around to get it too start charging. Bought in July 16, it died in August 17.
I have trouble getting my phone Im the exact location for it to charge. And then it usually disconnects before the phone is charged.
This product does not work Nd I am unable to return it for a refund!!
I have to constantly pull the power cord to reset the device. It is very finicky as to the placement of the phone
With so many wireless charges for the iPhone X I thought I would get my wife this one for Christmas. She hated it. The charger itself is smaller then a coaster but much taller. So the phone has to be placed almost directly on it and even then we have mixed results when charging. Multiple nights my wife would wake up to a half charged phone. We thought it might be her case so she removed the case at night, but that didnt help. Im not sure if this one charger was defective, but its not worth trying.
Product doesn’t work
Wasn’t happy with item, only had it for a few days and they won’t let me return item.
I was very excited to finally get a wireless charger. I only had this wireless charger for 1 day and it already broke. It only charged my phone once and then would not charge my phone after that. I will be returning it for a better brand.
Used it three times and now it stopped working. UPDATE: Great customer service. I was sent a new charger. It’s working great so far (2 week’s in). I can’t give more than three stars (previously one star) because I was sent a different model and so the review applies to this model.
I wouldnt recommend buying this. It charges the phone EXTREMELY slow.. Id estimate about 10% per half hour. Much faster charging it via USB.
It seems well made and looks nice but unfortunately I bought two of these for an iPhoneX and it takes a really really long time to get any sort of charge, good for an overnight charge but other than that you are better off using your cabled charger ::Edit 11/27:: After posting my review anker reached out to me directly to help troubleshoot both units.  Unfortunately they still did not work for my phone but we were at least able to identify that the units seemed to be malfunctioning.  They sent me the next step up from this one ($5) difference and it worked perfectly for my iPhone X so I recommend going with that one.  Very impressed by the way they guided me through the process and made sure I was happy.  Excellent customer service
As the title says, one needs a 12W charging brick to get full use of this.  I too had a problem using the stock brick from my phone where the phone would never charge when left on the pad overnight.  It is not clear on this product page.  However, the other product page for this item comes with a 12W brick, so I tried it with one I had in the house.  It successfully charged the phone. Other than that, it works.  I love Anker products and if it was clear that this needed a 12W charger they would have gotten 5 stars.
Not good for iPhone X. The charge is way to slow. Sometimes the light goes from blue to red and the phone is not completely charged. I wanted to like the product more because it was priced great and had good reviews. My window  to return them has closed, so I will give them to my friend. She does not mind the slow charging.
This is just  a quick note to help other purchasers of the iPhone 8s and coming iPhone X.  These phones are designed for 7.5 volt wireless charging.  The Anker charger peaks at 5 volts.  So do some of the other wireless chargers that are already on the market, including earlier Belkin chargers and some Samsung chargers.  Ditto for older Mophie wireless chargers.  In addition, the Samsung chargers are designed to work with Samsung phones.  They will not provide maximum utility for iPhones. Dont get me wrong.  This Anker product will charge your iPhone, but slowly. After reading reviews and testing different wireless chargers, I bought the Belkin Boost Up yesterday at the Apple Store.  (Amazon also has it in stock, but other stores do not.)  It is both designed for the new iPhones and is a 7.5 volt charger.  The runner-up, for the same reasons, is the Mophie wireless charger.  Both cost $59.99.  One pays more, but can be assured of a fully compatible product.
They claim to work with iPhone 8. But it Doesnt work with iPhone8 properly. It does charge but up to 90 percent then stuck there. I left it there for 3 more hours still 90 percent. Moreover, they dont let you return this product.
waste of my money. doesnt work if the phone is in the case.
Not recommended for the bedroom. The blue charging light is very bright. I bought another brand and took this one to work. I use iPhone 8plus
Im really confused. This charges my phone, but takes twice as long (as long as it is perfectly aligned) and heats up both the pad and the phone (probably reducing battery life in the process). It also causes the wall wart to heat up - a LOT. Oh, and it didnt come with a wall wart, so it was useless out of the box. This thing needs like 4 amps to generate 2 amps of power, so youre basically just wasting energy. Ill probably be sending this back.
Works ok. Seems the charging area is a little small where you have to pay attention to its location to charge
I like the fact that I can just lay my phone on it in my office and itll charge. However, it charges slowly. It takes a while to get back up to 100%. It also does not come with a plug for the wall. It includes the UBS cable, but not the actual pronged plug. Wish I knew that before purchasing.
Great product but charging speed is so slow. I eventually went back to the conventional cord and Id return this if it was returnable.
It does not even charge my phone. My phone dies while it is on this charger. Do not buy!!!
Seems nicely built and charges perfectly fine, however mine arrived with scratches on the top plastic surface. The packaging looked brand new and unopened
I bought this for my boyfriend for his LG G3 and it doesnt work for his phone.... it works for my Samsung S8 Plus but charges really slowly....
This item does not work. No matter how long I leave my iPhone X on the charger, I see no increase in the percentage of battery charge. DO NOT BUY!
Do not buy. Did not get me even one full charge. The base stopped charging on the first attempt and failed to turn on again. I attempted to use different outfits or usb cord and the wireless base still didn’t work. I went to return and the item isn’t eliagble for return. Very disappointed.
The phone needs to be perfectly positioned to work.  Its frustrating and caused me to wake up with my phone uncharged on several occasions.  The indicator light is very bright and comes on and off periodically.  Which made it very annoying on my bedside table while I slept.  After I bought my iPhone 8+, I bought this charger and a Pleson stand charger.  The Pleson has two coils and works 100% of the time.  No need to perfectly position that one.  The Plesons indicator light turns off after a few seconds of docking.  I would highly recommend the Pleson one, but the Anker one is a waste of money.
Product came late excused they used the wrong carrier, and after getting to the end the wall adapter is missing didnt arrive so I had to purchase another wall adapter to be used with this charger. I like Anker products I have different chargers and they work perfect, now I am trying this one and it is to early to know how it works
Worked great at first. Last 2 days it hasn’t charged passed 80% on my iPhone X.
DO NOT BUY- It worked ok for 1 week before it broke. No returns too, waste of money.
Didnt work properly
Did not work with my Apple Leather case. It would charge on and off, like a flickering light. Then after a week it no longer worked at all
This product overhearts in a few minutes and it didn’t even work with my iPhone 8 Plus
Only chared to 80% and stopped would not continue to charge on brand new iPhone 8
This item does not charge my iPhone 8+ at all. Do not purchase this item. Unfortunately this merchant does not even offer refunds. I bought 2 of these wireless chargers and both have the same problem. They actually drain your battery!
It works perfectly with the new iPhone 8 plus. Just took it out the box, plugged it in, placed the phone on it, and start charging right away. Very convenient way to charge your phone. Unfortunately, I have to downgrade my initial review from 5 to 2 stars. The charger stopped charging after 2 days of use ( no light when plugged). And when it was charging; the process was extremely slow. We’re trying to charge the new iPhone plus.
Worked great. For two days. Now I can’t seem to get the phone on the right millimeter. Disappointed.
This thing is basically garbage.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S6.  When I place my device on the charging pad, everything works properly for about 15 minutes then charging just stops.  The LED light on the charging pad turns from blue ("device detected") to red ("no device") for no reason.  Im not moving or touching the device, the pad, or even the table upon which this is sitting.  Highly recommend avoiding this product. Edit: After using this device for a while I discovered what it causing the above behavior.  Vibration notifications (ironically most often the "battery low" notification) cause the phone to move in place on the charging pad which pauses/stops wireless charging.  Totally stupid but you might be able to work around this depending on your phone, or simply turn your phone completely off when you place it on the charging pad.  That doesnt work for me because I need to be able to have my phone on while charging, but YMMV.  Definitely not worth the price.
the charger did not charge my phone at all... and i am unable to return the item DO NOT BUY!!!!!
These mats are great if your phone doesnt have a case on it, but unfortunately with anything thicker than that they simply dont work. I got this for my mom for Christmas but her phone always has an otterbox case, making it too thick to charge inductively with this mat. I got a three coil charging mat instead and it works perfectly so I know her phone wasnt the issue.
Doesnt hold a charge at all
Anker states item non refundable, defective and doesnt work at all with my s7 even without a case. Amazon customer service is awesome. Be wary of anker customer service.
Terrible product! Doesnt work and wont charge any devices.
The charger cord did not work.
Very slow and weak charger. Takes forever to charge my phone!
It takes too long to get my phone fully charged.
Took a long time to charge my phone. Got better charge time with my wall plug in.
Didnt work on galaxy note 4
It works but I have to place my phone very strategically for it to charge.
Worked well for 1 month. Yesterday it started to make the same phone bleep every minute or less. Like it was losing the connection to the charger and regaining. Had to disconnect. I’ve heard Anker products were good. I have a fancier Anker charger and it is great. Maybe someone at Anker will read this and send me a replacement. I’m using an iPhone X.
Very poor product. Defective out of the box. Very disappointed with Anker!
Item warms up really quickly and charges phone way too slow.
Disipointing. I bought it to go in my car and it only works some of the time. I have to phisically move the phone around and even then it doesn’t work unless I unplug and replug. Going to try to return.
Didnt even last me one  day. Stopped  working  after  the  second  try. Defective  product.
stopped working after 2 days
Dont waste your money.  It never worked very well because the cord does not fit properly into the charger.  Now the charger doesnt work at all and Im less than a week after the return date.  Total rip off.
Garbage. Completely unsatified. Put my phone on it and it started to charge came back an hour later and it was off. Phone at 20% I though WTF?! So I put phone back on and nothing. No lights no charging. Unplugged the charger from wall and plugged back in. Lit up. Put phone on and it was charging again. Twenty minutes later off!!! So unhappy with my purchase I’ve had it for two days and this is not a good experience. And now amazon says I can’t return it!!!!!! Calling Citibank to dispute the charges.
Charging has become unreliable on iPhone 8+  Outside the 30 day return window so we are out of luck.
Plugged the charger in, LED indicator light came on, looked a few minutes later, it was off.  Had to unplug and plug back in.  Tried charging my phone overnight, same thing happened at some point throughout the night, so phone didnt charge.  Beware, this item is UNRETURNABLE to Amazon.
Sometimes it charges sometimes it doesn’t am very dissatisfied with his product
Disappointing product. Does not come with a real wall charger just USB. Does NOT work with Mophie or Griffin Cases on IPhone 7 or 7s. Left my phone on this over night woke up and phone was noticeably warmer then ever before.
very slow charging
Placement of the phone to the pad is too finicky.  I wish they had a selection of cradles to ensure a hassle free alignment between the charger and various phones.  Be aware that wireless charging is slower than corded charging.
Got it and was so happy I didn’t have to take off my case to charge it (my case is nearly impossible to get off). I charged my phone for maybe 20 minutes until I left for work (2-10) then I slept when I got home. Woke up and tried to use it later that day and all it does now is flash red (not with my phone on it). Broken literally the next day and after only 20 minutes of me using it. I read the reviews and was warned it breaks a week, month later but it was a recommended product off a good name website so I thought to take a chance. Well I was a victim and a day one victim as well. I’ll just stick with Belkin unless every time this breaks, I get a replacement. So I guess I should be getting a replacement for the latter choice of the company.
DO NOT BUY! THIS THING OVERHEATS LIKE CRAZY!! MY NEW IPHONE SHUT OFF B/C OF OVERHEATING.  First time ever Anker has failed me with their products.  Also as I am trying to return it, this item is not returnable, but I prime shipping.
First of all who doesn’t allow returns??? I guess I should’ve read the fine print. Bad customer service. Secondly if you iPhone 8 or any variety stay away!!!! Doesn’t work at all with or without a case on the phone in any position.  Junk AVOID I will have to go buy one that actually works now from Apple Belkin Or Mophie...I have bought other Anker products before and thought this would be a good value but I was seriously mistaken. Wish I could give zero stars
Honestly the product works fine, but how is this even considered wireless charging when the charging device has to be plugged into a power source? Honestly just defeats the purpose of “wireless charging” when the charge pad needs to be connected by wire.
Did not work on my LG as mentioned.  Had to switch to a 9 iron from pitching wedge to hit this paperweight in the garbage. Junk.
This is an okay product. I was really excited when I first purchased this item because I like the idea of wireless charging. That being said this is no way a fast charger. This is a charger you could use over night when you do not need your phone to charge in a timely manner.  Also I noticed my phone gets very hot when on the charger. I have a galaxy s7 edge and if i let it fully charge on this device it gets uncomfortably warm.
Inconsistently works.  I dont even know where it is anymore because it stopped working.  Waste of money.
Id like to give it more stars as it appears well designed and the price was right, however it doesnt charge my phone, in fact seems to drain it.  I dont necessarily blame the charger as Im sure it is due to the case I have on the phone, however I have not had this problem with other chargers.  If you dont have a case on your phone, Id think this is a perfectly usable charger.
Its ok
had three none worked
This does hook up to my Galaxy 7 Edge phone, but I feel like it charges very slowly. The cable that came with my phone charge is much faster. It does work and I guess is a good deal for the price I paid.
Over heats my galaxy watch in 10 minutes. Then watch wont charge. It never gets past 65 percent. Galaxy s 10 plus would probably take 2 days to fully charge on it since it only gained two percent in 4 hours. This thing is garbage
Stopped charging devices after a few months.
What they send is a cheap piece of garbage, not what is pictured at all. They copied an Anker listing and changed one word.
