I ordered this for my iphone 8 plus and it works great. I have the otterbox defender case on it and it charges great. I had read reviews about not charging through cases or have it to be placed correctly. I have not found that to be true for me. I love this charger.
I cant recommend Anker enough. They offer relaible, quality, and budget friendly devices. The charger works exactly as directed and I actually prefer it over my samsung one.
works well for samsung galaxy note 5 fast charging
Like every other Anker product I have purchased, this is a wonderful little device. I had been using the wireless charger that came with my phone, and I finally got tired of how bulky and ugly it was, so I looked to Anker for a solution. I found this charger and couldnt be happier. It is a fraction of the size of the standard Samsung chargers, and is much more attractive and I love the texture.. Like many wireless chargers, it will sometimes make a small beeping or in this case, chirping sound. However, that is largely affected by the type of wall charger you have it connected to. Connecting it to my Anker PowerPort Speed 2, it is completely silent. My brother ended up taking this from me, because his wireless charger, which he keeps right next to his bed, does make a beeping sound (he doesnt have an Anker wall charger) and the sound that comes from this is much quieter/ almost non-existent. I intend to get another for me as soon as it becomes available. I have experienced no problems with it not charging through a case so far, though I have a fairly basic, one-piece, rubber case, so I cant speak to how it works with wallet cases other more durable ones. I have loved all Anker products that I have purchased, and this charger is no different.
Works as it should
Works and charges rapidly with the case removed, very spotty with the case on. The position of the phone needs to be rather precise but weve learned it. Such are the woes of wireless charging. Using it with a Galaxy S8.
Great charger, works well on my S8, good speeds (obviously not at fast as a cable w/ QC 3) and only generates a mild amound of heat. Also, this thing is TINY which is great, think of a drink coaster.
This charger works way better than I expected. The Samsung version was $80 and $40 for the discontinued model. I was willing to pay $40 but it was out... Thank God  Decided to look thru Amazon and so happy I did. This thing charge my Samsung Note 5 with my OtterBox case on!!! 
Dope!!!!! Works great and charges fast. My S8 needs to be placed dead center in order to charge, but my S7 doesnt. It will light up blue to let you know its connected and working. I love this product and have made a gift of it to friends a few times.
Best purchase for my phone and desk. Works flawlessly. Plug and play. Simply set my phone on it and it starts charging. So easy.
Purchased for travel. I wanted something thin and light to carry through airports and not mess around setting it up. I didnt have to fiddle with placing Samsung S7 Edge on the pad to start charging.
I bought this charger without knowing exactly what I was going to get... Im very please to say that Im very happy with it, charge very fast and does not get too hot like others (just warm) highly recommended.
I have used this for 5 months or so now and it still works fine. The only complaints I would have are that you have to be careful how you place your phone on it, it has to be centered up and sometime it takes a couple of tries. Also, I have a vertical stand wireless charger as well and I prefer it as it is easier to center on first try and you can more easily see the display when charging... I find that useful for just looking at the time or watching a video. All and all this product works as advertised and is a good product.
way better than the $70 one they tried to sell me at the phone store
I havent had an Anker product that failed me yet. My phone wouldnt charge the traditional way anymore, but the wireless charger did the trick.
I wouldnt call this a "fast" charger by any means
The Anker Wireless Charger works great with my iPhone 8 Plus. Seems like no matter how I place it on the Charger, it still works. Not touchy like some of the other reviews. So far I’m very happy with my purchase.
Excellent and very fast charger Thanks
I wasnt sure if it would charge through the case I have on my iPhone 8, but it does. And it has not, so far, made the phone feel hot after charging. So all of this is a great plus. The only downside, and it is to be expected, is that it does not charge as quickly as a direct-wired charger, but it is still fast enough for most needs.
I have and iPhone 8Plus and I wanted a wireless charger and once I saw anker made some for $25 I knew that’s exactly what I was going to get. When it arrived it was actually a lot smaller and lighter than I expected but NOT very cheep feeling. I like that it’s so incredible small and thin. It has a good foam pad on top to keep it from scratching your phone (but note that the foam pad is a little less gripy than if they used rubber) so if you use this pad without a case it will slip a little bit if you have a case it works great, and yes... it works with cases (at least all the ones I’ve tried) But anyway GREAT product and so glad I picked one up. The fact the they sell out after 3 days of shipping should tell you that it’s good and people like it. I definitely recommend this!
Works excellent with my iphone 8 plus! It charges very fast (not fast charging, but still quick) and the LED lights are a huge plus.  I will be buying more of these in the future for sure!
Charges my IPhone 8+ with a spikenard case on it .
Obviously the big draw here is the price but this thing delivers on performance as well.  The quick charge is effective, the pad is a good size and texture to catch the phone, and in a pinch it even charges my watch.  I do prefer wireless chargers with some magnets to align and keep everything in the right place, but the indicator lights are perfect for this pad and I have maybe once or twice missed the charging sweet spot without realizing it.  Sometimes when Ive just thrown it on there knowing I missed, it would still charge (just slowly and it seems to get a little warmer than normal when off center).  Based on how I usually rate it should be a 4 star because it doesnt have anything to align the phone or come with a quick charge ac adapter (or any ac adapter for that matter), but in practice its so convenient and cheap that it can have the 5 stars.
I was pleasantly surprised with this product - first time for an attempted wireless charge.  It Works!  I have a Samsung Note 5, which I like a lot and want to keep around for a few years, so I thought wireless charging might contribute to its longevity.  Also, I have a case for it, and the charger worked just fine even through the case.  The instructions are simple, written in more languages than I can identify, and the packaging is fine.  Also, the price was nice!  So satisfaction all around here. One carpe diem - I do my charging on a ceramic (rangetop) surface.  It did make the phone a bit warm (NOT hot), but Ill continue to use caution just in case.
Convenient and fast charging.
Does not turbo charge my Android Turbo 2 but does charge it, just takes longer.  I usually use it overnight to charge.  Has to be placed just right on the charger though for it to work and it does go through the case on the phone.
I love this charger! It takes up almost no room on my night stand, looks cool, and works like a charm. It even charges through my thick OtterBox case.  I am only slow charging because I have never had the need for the turbo charger feature, but I know that if I decided to buy the extra piece I could.
Using with my Galaxy S7. does fast wireless charging as you can see in the pic. you just have to use the fast charging plug. I used the default Samsung charger and also Aukey fast charger. worked perfectly with both. its awesome.
Love Anker products,  this one is just perfect!
So far, Ive used this to wirelessly charge without problem. It feels solid and looks like a quality product. If it lasts a long time then this will be a great wireless solution in a nice form
Would buy again if needed. Was hesitant after reading other reviews, however am happy I went with it. Just need to pay attention when setting phone down. Love it!
This charger works very well for my S8+ with my Otter Box Commuter case. I domt have to take the plastic shell off of it either.
Works good, but doesnt go through case
very nicceeee
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S7 no problems it charges all night
This product has been amazing. I bought a Google Nexus 7 tablet brand new in 2013. For the first two years it was a great tablet, but then it developed a charging issue. Apparently it was a design flaw with the micro usb port.The usb port would feel loose and no matter which way you held the plug into it you couldnt keep the charge going. It became increasing frustrating.  After numerous youtube videos of people showing how to fix the usb port(which wasnt a simple fix) and a lot of people saying it did or didnt work for them, i was ready to trash it.  Then i found a video about using a cheap wireless charger. I never knew my tablet could use one. So after a search on amazon and a little research and reading some reviews i decided on the Anker Fast wireless Charger. This charger has been Awesome. It didnt come with the wall adapter(they clearly state that) but from owning numerous cell phones i have plenty of extras laying around. So right out of the box i plug it in and lay the tablet in the middle of it and it makes a little sound and you see the charging icon, and about 3 hours later it was charged.  I highly recommend this for owners of the Nexus Tablet 7in, who like me became frustrated with the usb charging port issue.
Nice sleek product. Only downside is it will not work if you have an otterbox phone case on your phone.  For it to work with the otterbox case, you would need to remove the plastic shell.  Had to purchase a different wireless charger for the phone with the otterbox case.
Works great with my Galaxy S8. I use a Spigen Liquid Air Armor and it works great. It does get a little warm while charging but just a little, Id say no more then the stock charger. I also have a Spigen Neo Hybrid case and its a little thicker, it doesnt charge as well with that case... it gets to warm for my liking. So if you have a thin case or no case it works perfect with the Anker quick charge 3.0 18w PowerPort+ wall charger
Works perfectly for my Galaxy S7 without a case and my wifes S7 with a very thin plastic case.  Not too picky about where you place the phone on the pad to charge. The charger is super thin and low profile, but a tad wide to make up for it.  Still, it was perfect for a custom car mount I designed that holds the wireless charger and the phone over it.
Works well for my Galaxy S6 with a case on it. However, it is not a "fast charge", with or without the case. Otherwise it would be 5 stars for the size and compactness of the charger.
I love the thin profile and dim blue status light. I use this charger with a Samsung Galaxy S7 and a medium thick Speck phone case. With my case on, I have to be precise placing the phone on the charger, but it works. Without the case, the sensor area is larger. It definitely took some time to figure out exactly where the sweet spot is with my case on, but now its fine. I havent paid much attention to speed of charge because I use this charger most often overnight.
I have it mounted with command strips on a "charging station" and it works great.  It also will charge through a lifeproof fre case, but not through an Otterbox.  People are right when they say you have to have it lined up right, but mounting to a docking station doesnt make that an issue. It replaced an old Nokia Qi charger, and seems to work as well as an OEM Samsung fast charging dock that is at work.  The Samsung OEM charging pad was too thick for my space, but the Anker is perfect.
The charger works great with my S8+, I do have a case on my phone, and it charges without issue.
Works well and charges at a pretty good speed. Just gotta make sure its centered
Great product
Works with my S8 even though my old wireless charger kept getting the charging paused error.  It is compact and made well, although since Im used to an upright wireless charger I did have to get used to finding the sweet spot (one night I didnt check to make sure my phone was charging, oops!)  but the lights are subtle and not too bright at night and Im overall very pleased with it.
I like it but its way too slow to charge Samsung S7. Use it only bedside for overnight charging.
Love the design....thin, and the glowing lights are intuitive (glows a few times to confirm charging, then turns off completely).  Using it with an iPhone 8 (w/thin case), and it seems to charge at a similar if not same speed as the default cord charging (using the stock power adapter that came with the phone).  Love it so far; would buy it again.
I chose this as it was recommended for my new iPhone 8 by iMore.  It works great, even with the case over my phone.. which is of normal thickness. As far as long it takes to charge? I always charge overnight so not a problem for me.
smaller than i thought it would be but it works great
Perfect for my iPhone 8.  Works with a case.  Nice and thin profile.  Grippy top helps keep phone in place.  Future support for the "faster" wireless charging once Apple turns it on, but youll need the right wall plug for it.
Waaaaaaayyyyy better than a samsung fast charging pad. Save yourself the money and buy this it is amazing. I will always be an Anker fan. Thanks!!!
My biggest gripe with this charging pad is that its fairly sensitive to where you place/position your phone (Galaxy S8 in my case). On a couple of occasions I set my phone down on the pad only to find later that it hasnt been charging. My other wireless charger is the R00R00 brand which doesnt seem to be as sensitive to where you place your phone. Given that the R00R00 can be had for less $, its hard to recommend Ankers offering. Update: After using the charger for a week, I found an even greater flaw than sensitive placement. It generates a LOT of heat, to the point where the phone halts charging altogether after just a few minutes. Anker, to its credit, sent me a replacement unit, but I had the same result. They ended up giving me a refund. Im updating to 4 stars for their stellar customer service, but I cant recommend this charger for the Galaxy S8.
Fantastic! works way better than the Samsung unit and its about 1/3 the size.
I like this gizmo. Charges a Galaxy S7 with no issue. With some precision placement on the charging mat, even charges the phone inside a . With the phone outside a case, you can drop it on there a lot less precisely. Given that they tell you you have to remove cases before use, I really cant fault them for this... I am just glad it works. Now if only I could charge my iPhone with it.
Great product. I use with Mophie wireless battery phone case and it works great.
Charges my phone fast as L. LOVE IT!!!!! I keep it at work.  On my desk.
Works perfectly with my GS7. Allows for the charging port to be used less often, thus making the device life last longer. However, wireless charging is obviously not as fast as normal wired charging. For the price, I definitely suggest it. Anker products are always good quality, so dont be worried about it breaking on you.
Works as it should on my galaxy s7 edge
Simple, easy to use, charges pretty quickly. Requires a fast-charge capable USB wall charger, but one came with my Samsung phone so not an issue. Works through my hard phone case, but definitely has a sweet-spot when my case is on. With the case off its not nearly as picky about when it activates. The blue light is only on for a few seconds when it starts charging so wont keep you up at night. Would recommend to anyone who wants the novelty of losing the wire.
not a fast charger but wireless charging is cool enough
Very difficult to get the charge started.  I have to put my phone in place 5 to 10 times to get it to start charging.  Might be because of my phone case, but its pretty slim, but neither my wireless car charger or the original Samsung wireless slow charger have any problems withy case.  This thing is almost unusable for me.  Im going to replace it with something else. Update: Even though this isnt going to work for me, Anker has reached out to me about this.  They have awesome customer support, so the a couple extra stars for that.  They worked with me and we narrowed the problem down to my case being slightly too thick.  2mm is the limit and the LifeProof Fre is a little thicker than that.
I love Ankers products so buying the Qi charger from them was a no brainer. I like several things about this charger. For what it does everything other Qi chargers do, but is also better designed then others. The Samsung charges have a light that stays on all the time, they are not as low profile, and they cost way more. I love how thin this charger is, and also how it works. Instead of having an annoying light that is always on there are lights to show you your phone is charging and then they turnoff. The other big plus is that this charger fast charges my S7. The only downside is that it does not come with the piece that plugs into the wall in order to power the charger. I have been using this charger everyday for a few months and have no issues. Might be worth mentioning I am not using a case, I do not know if that would affect charging or not.
Great wireless charger.
For the price, you cant beat it.  Im using it with a Mophie Charge Force case on an iPhone 7 Plus.
I haven’t bought this but bought a lot of other anker protects anker is literally the best company with chargers and such a great company all there protects are great and there such a good company anyone that’s thinking about buying a charger I say buy anker for fast reliable durable and a good company thanks for reading
Love this charger, it’s flat, works well and well packaged for shipping.  It’s the best looking charger I own, it’s looks like a coaster on the table because it’s so flat.  Very happy!
Great product. I have a few wireless charger but this thing beats them all. The tolerance seems to be better than most where you dont have to get it exactly in a certain spot. The blue light is nice at night, not too bright and shuts off rather quickly(wont wake the wife when I sneak to bed). The product itself feels expensive/premium. Anker continuously makes a quality product from how it works to the top of the line physical feel. One of the best wireless chargers and its cheap$!
It works as advertised but it makes my phone too hot and the phone stops charging in the middle of the night. This charging pad is basically useless if it wont charge my phone to 100% without getting too hot. Edit: I contacted Anker support and they sent me an upgraded replacement charging pad. They were very helpful!
The rubber top is nice but, it could be nicer.That is was my first impression. Now, it works like a charm on my iPhone 8 plus, even with an OtterBox Defender series case on; outstanding.
Cheap, well built, and works well. Id buy another one.
Works Great. My phone would not work with a cable but it did work wirelessly with this charger. Anker has amazing products and warranties ive never been dissatisfied once with anything they do. I recommend them. If you need a specific type of charger chances are they have a greatly designed product . Ive had many of their durable products and they last longer than other brands I will not name.
Great product, would definitely buy from Anker again!
Great charger for the price. I do have to remove my case and phone faces up which I dont care for because it flashes when Im trying to sleep. But still a great product for the price.
Havent had any issues yet. My only MINOR complaint is that the phone needs to be in a "sweet spot" in order to charge. Minor hassle but it sure beats the hassle of digging around for the charging cord hands down. It charges just as quickly has a direct wire and I havent had any issues. If you own a device with the Qi charge built in, grab this gem. Its great!
I received this a few days ago along with the quick charger and am very pleased with both. I have a thin case on my Galaxy S7 and dont have to take it off to charge. It charges just as fast as the USB cable that came with the phone. Its convenient to have another charger around the house. I highly recommend this if your phone is compatible to wireless charging.
Worked great. Bought 2 but one of them has started overheating my S7edge. The other one charges an S7 with no problem.... UPDATE: contacted Anker about the faulty charger and they replaced it immediately. They asked for the SN off of the bad unit so they can track possible issues with production. Very happy.
Works well with my Samsung s7 with the case on (I have a thin rubber case) and with my Samsung fast charge adapter.  This isnt picky where you place it either!! Only draw back...although it activates fast charge on my phone,  it doesnt fast charge as fast as just the plan adapter with the usb cord; 15min slower to be exact.  But hey, thats alright by me!!  Im just happy I finally find one of these that worked, at an affordable price.  I was sick of going through usb cords, no more!  :).
Anker always makes good products. This one also is of good quality. However you must be careful when you put down your phone on the charger pad that it is positioned exactly right  or else when you fetch it after assuming it is fully charged you find it was not charging at all.
Works as intended on my Nexus 6 and LG G6. Only complaint is I wish it was a little thicker so it could read the phone easier. The blue light to let you know you put it in the right place is perfect though.
This is a great little wireless charger. I wanted a wireless charger to have on my nightstand, so I didnt want to have one with bright LEDs all over it like most seem to. The LEDs in this charger are perfect, they turn on to let you know the phone is charging, then they turn off.  I am also able to charge my phone with my case on. I didnt think I would be able to do this since I have a thickish case with one of those metal stands built into it. It charges my phone quickly through the case with no issues. The charger is also well built and aesthetically pleasing. Well done Anker.
It works better then i thought it take about the same time to charge as a regular wall charger realy suprised me love it
Sweet its not a cheap
This unit charges very fast and it takes very little space.  I  only wish you didnt have to take the case of your phone.  Hopefully they will make one like that soon.
I originally gave a lesser review, but when I changed phone cases.... whole different situation!  love it
Works great with my s8. Got this because my Choetech one would not work with the s8 unless I got the positioning just right. This works properly and can be in any position. I do wish the cord was a foot longer, its just enough to make it from my night stand down to my power strip on the floor. Both fast and regular wireless charging works if you have the right charger brick. Edit: After a couple days I noticed it makes a high pitched noise that only younger people can hear. Not in use just plugged in to the wall with a Samsung fast charger. Unfortunately my night stand is really close to my bed the way my room is set up and while laying in bed on my computer or phone its about 2-3 feet away from my head and I can hear it just fine and its pretty annoying after a while.
Works perfectly and is so much more convenient than a charger.
Love it! I keep it on my sofa table and just place my phone on it now instead. Works well through both kate spade and milk n honey cases on galaxy s7.
Charges through my unicorn beetle slim case. Not the rugged one but thats to be expected. Awesome fast changer for a fraction of the cost of OEM. used with my note5 and s7
Happy to report that my new S8 Plus connects and charges great!
Great product! Just make sure you use a proper charger if you are going in that direction instead of a computer. I was using an old charger since its better for the battery and had 8 hours to charge anyways. Turns out it wasnt putting enough electricity out and I woke up with dead batteries a few times. Easily fixed.
Wow! Great deal $17.99 for a fast charging wireless charger (Samsung S7).  I love Anker products very durable better than OEM. Just an FYI in the box it comes with the micro USB cable and just the charging pad.  You will have to supply your own wall charger.
Thanks
Was even able to charge my S7 with a lightweight case.
I am using this with my Samsung galaxy s7 and it works beautifully. I am able to plop my phone on it and 9 out of 10 times, it starts charging. A few times, I have had to preposition it, but i think that is due to the location of the charge coils on the phone. The phone does get warm while charging and it definitely takes longer than directly plugging it into the same charger, but I am willing to trade that for the convenience of wireless charging.
Using this with my Galaxy S8 and a Spigen Rugged Armor case. What can I say? It works perfectly. My last phone that utilized wireless charging was the Nexus 5 and ohhhh my have I missed the convenience. I keep this plugged in on my bedside table and before I fall asleep I simply place my phone on the charger and I wake up to a fully charged phone. I know some people are concerned about the heat, but I haven’t experienced any such issues. Sure it gets warms but by no means hot.
Received unit in perfect brand new condition, but it did not work. My phone doesnt even register it.  It lights up and then theres no lights after that. I believe I hooked it up correctly. Update they sent me a replacement and it works! They basically ask for the serial and Im guessing they track whatever batch its from and keep that batch on alert or something. After giving them the serial they sent me a replacement right away. She works just fine.
I like this wireless charging pad for the most part. But it kinda sucks that the LG G6 doesnt support fast wireless charging. It didnt matter to me if I was using a fast charging wall plug or my LG G4s wall plug. I still got the same results. But so far no problems.
It really is fast charger! Ankers products are 10/10
Great charger from a great company. Anker has yet to let me down with their products.
Typical Anker quality. Very thin and small compared to most of these plasticy round pick units out right now. Charges a little slower than the fast charge cable on the S8+ with a caseology case.
Works great with my Samsung S8! I use to love wireless charging with my Palm Pre but it wad slow. These new chargers are fast!
This is a great charging device! I have a Galaxy S6 Edge and I was able to fast charge it with no problem. It was fast, efficient, and very easy to use. I would definitely recommend this product.
Got this for my S8+ and it works great. The fast charging works great as well. As it states in the description you do need the correct charger for fast charger. I already had 2 on hand. The base does connect via micro USB not type C. So far an awesome wireless charger.
It works really well. Im satisfied with the product.
Charges my s8+ well, the phone says "Wireless Fast charge". Cant ask more than that. The dim LEDs are a huge plus for nightstands.
Works well.  Using the phones fast charger, 2.5 - 3 hours from 18% battery to full charge.  My phone has a larger 3250 mAH battery. This worked even with a Protech shell on the back of phone, a Kyocera Dura Force Pro.  Probably because of the shell, placement location on the charging pad is critical.  Find your sweet spot every time and itll work great.  There was even a follow up email from Anker asking if all was well.  This is a great example of how a good business experience should be.
Works with my Turbo 2 with case on. AWESOME!!
Fast charges my S8 Plus, even through cases. Doesnt come with a wall adapter and the included is cord is short.
Anker has never let me down. Cables, external battery pacs, extra batteries and now this wireless charger. Had some doubts from some online reviews. But once again I use it and have no issues. Works like a charm with a Spigen case. And if something goes wrong down the road, Anker has outstanding customer service. Love Anker..Thank you again.
As always, Anker has made a very high quality product at a reasonable price.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 with Spigen case and have not had a single issue with the charger.  I keep it at work and plan to have a few on hand for travelling.  I was using a Samsung one at home and it is considerably bulkier.
Good wireless charger and I have no problem accommodating my smartphone but its not fast charging on LG G6
Works as described.  Delivered when promised.  I have several Anker products and I am very happy with all of them.  Would recommend.
Bought these for my parents, and so far, they work better than the Samsung ones they bought in the store! Great buy.
I dreamt about being able to set my cell down and getting it charged.  Finally had to switch cells to a Samsung S7, and now I purchased this charger, which works as a dream.  Very important:  Make sure you use your original cellular wall connector not a similar from another model or generic, as the wall charger is what allows this to function.  Learned the hard way!  It does work as a dream...
I have a couple of charging pads and this is my favorite.  It is nice and big, so dropping the phone on it always gets the charge going.
Works great with my Samsung Note 5 in an Urban Armor Gear case. Takes a couple tries at first to find the sweet spot, but its easy to get it right after that. My Samsung wireless fast charging stand is junk compared to this. Ill be buying another the next time a coupon pops up.
Definitely kicks in "Fast Wireless Charging" on my Samsung S7 Edge. This shows on the screen and it increases charge. When it said "1 Hour 4 Minutes" for regular wireless charging (with thin case) when I hooked it up to a quick charge plug it changed to "Fast Wireless Charging" and dropped to 50 minutes. So, 14 minute decrease isnt spectacular, but decent. One negative is that the phone gets quite hot and I didnt notice any slowness after hitting 80%, I will confirm later if it steps down to normal charging anywhere between 80 and 100. I dont see the LEDS doing anything really. When you first set the phone down they all light up blue to tell you its charging, but my phone lights up too so not much of a "notification" I was hoping they would slowly breath as it charged, but no they go away after initial glow. All in all the product does work and it appears to work the same with or without the case. At 78% it said 41 Minutes to full charge in Fast mode vs 35 mins direct wire fast charge. Thats pretty close as far as I am concerned. I think people complaining that it isnt fast enough arent hooking this up to a 10w quick charge plug. It does not come with one. Just the base and the cable.
I was disappointed at first, because after the first use, it did not seem to want to work any more.  It would flash twice then the lights would go out and placing my phone on it did not seem to awaken it.  I was about to request a return to Amazon when I gave it one more chance.  The lights went out as before, but this time, I managed to get the charging to start.  I discovered after some experimenting that the issue is that the phone has to be placed very precisely before wireless charging will commence.  I had gotten this as something compact enough to use in my car as well as at home and on the road, so I will have to try in the car again. When working, I was pleased with the speed of the charging on my Motorola Turbo2
Nice wireless charger. Works through my thin Incipio case. This is replacing my Tylt Vu Solo wireless charger that suddenly died after about 9 months. I used the cable that came with the Tylt charger because it has a stop slide on it that helps position the phone on the charger.
Charges my Galaxy S6 fast.  It does require the 18 watt wall adapter or it will only slow charge.
Anker Wireless Charger Charging Pad for iPhone 8 / 8 Plus This is one of the two wireless charging pads that I have purchased. This product is small an light weight. Being about the size of a post it note  it is ideal for on your desk/night stand. The pad itself has nice blue LED lights around the bottom of it that assure you your phone is charging when it’s placed on the pad. This wireless charger is compatible with the new line of iPhones an androids with Qi charging capabilities. Overall I am very happy with the performance of the product. However I would recommend that you invest in the 18w quick charge wall port for quicker charging. In the box you receive the charger itself and a micro usb cord. With the wall quick charger I give this product 5 out of 5.
This is smaller than I thought which is great.  I am using this with an iPhone 8 Plus and it works with my case on.  The lights on it only blink for a few seconds to let you know its charging and then go away which is nice.  Very Happy!
Very nice quality. Very thin . I like it
Initially, it was a great wireless charger. Its smaller than the rest of them & the blue lights lets you know its charging your phone. May 22 Final Update: 5 stars. Anker contacted me shortly after posting the review. They went out of their way to send me a replacement and Ive been using it daily. May 7 Update: change from 4 to 1 star The charging port wont accept any my micro usb cable. Ive tried Samsung, LG, & all 10 anker cables I used on daily basis. None of them want to plug into the charging port. When 15 cables wont connect to the wireless charger, the only option left is to return it to Amazon. Anker makes great products but sometimes a defective product is unavoidable. I gave it a 1 star because the wireless charger broken within 2 weeks
Perfect for the office cell phone. Works easily with a Samsung Galaxy 8 with a solid case on it. The charge seems rather slow, but so easy to use.
The fast wireless charger is so great to have, that way you dont have to worry about cords and plugs. Great product and super fast delivery.
Works as advertised. I have a spigen hybrid case and metal plate for magnetic mount on my s8 and it still fast charges. Only complaint would be have to move it sometimes to get it to charge but great product.
I bought this for my new LG G6. I dropped one star because either the charger (or my phone) is a bit finicky about how its aligned. The pictures mostly show having the top of the phone in alignment with the cord (well call this vertical alignment) however, my G6 and charger prefer that the phone is horizontally aligned. While this might not seem like a big deal, the LED lights will constantly come on as the charger bounces between detecting the phone and then loosing the detection so you dont get a constant charge. But, it may be different for other phones. So far Ive left my phone over night on the charger and its worked great. No overheating issues that others have described, both my phone and charger are cool to the touch. The LED lights do turn off once its detected the phone and has begun charging, they do not stay on all night which is great as well! Yesterday I had my phone down to 30%, I went to bed at 11pm and woke up at 5am for the gym and it was at 100%. Im really liking that I can roll over and grab my phone without worrying that the charging cord will get yanked out of the port and damage my phone. Its equally great that I dont have to fumble in the dark to plug a cord into the charging port. The size of this charger is really good, Ive had one of those "charging mats" and this is a quarter of the size, it barely takes up any room on my night table. Most likely going to order a 2nd one to have on my desk at work!
Works great! If the case is thick, this one has more issues than others, but good product
Bought this in anticipation of the arrival of my iPhone X, given my past experience with Anker products. Have been using it for about 5 days now and can say so far that it has worked flawlessly, even with a case on the iPhone.  I havent had to strategically place the phone on the charging pad to get it to take, I simply lay it down naturally and it begins charging -- easy! Ive had outstanding luck with Anker products -- cables and wall adapters specifically -- so it came as no shock to me that this would work out well too.  The materials look and feel nice, and I have no doubt that this product will live as long (or longer) than my phone will. The single "ding" against this product is that it does not come with its own wall-wart/AC adapter.  I simply used the stock Apple one and it works perfectly. Buy this one with confidence.  Its a winner! Should my review of this change over time, Ill be sure and come back to update it here!
So far so good. Good looking and its working pretty well.
Charges my iphone X thru the leather apple case.  Very handy for bedside use where fumbling for the charge cable can be an issue.  LEDs are a non-issue as they are only on for a few seconds. Have my fingers crossed that fast induction charging will work with this charger once apple releases the IOS update to allow it.
Love this charger for my iPhone 8 plus!
10/10 would buy again!  Really, its big enough for the 8 Plus so it doesnt fall off.  With a high voltage charger topping off is fast.
This IDs my third Anker product and theyve all been solid.  Functional, easy, to set up, and good value.
Works perfectly with iPhone X, even with a thin case on. Definitely recommend.
A little pricey, but does what its supposed to. I have several of these around the house.
This charger is really cool. Set and forget. Light indicator to let you know that it’s set and charging. Does the job well, planning on buying more.
I bought this for wireless charging on my new iPhone X. It works fine. Just set the phone down and it begins charging. I have not had any problems with having to position the phone precisely to get it to work. I purchased this with an Anker power port wall charger to support quick charging once Apple updates the phone to accept it. Anker makes great products with a solid warranty and very good customer service.
Need to buy qi fast charger to get most out of it in terms of speed.  I bought this with the Anker qi fast charger.  Faster than the Belkin equivalent at same net cost ~$40
Works great with my iPhone X and also works with the Apple Leather folio case on the phone.  Does not seem to finicky about placement as I have read can be the case with other chargers. Overall very happy. Use it at my bedside. Light flash whe you first place the phone on the charger, but turn off while charging.
Bought two of these for the kids.  They love coming home and dropping phones on their desks, knowing they will charge. No more fogettting to plug them in!
Love anker’s stuff. Awesome item again!
Works great with iPhone X
Great for the bedroom. Unlike so many other Qi chargers... the LIGHT TURNS OFF after a few short pulses. The Samsung I have allegedly has a “soft light” it illuminates the bedroom. This one does not and is very subtle.
This works great with my iPhone X. It charges at the 5W speed currently, but that’s as fast as any Qi charger will allow on iPhone for now. It’s not picky about phone alignment as long as you get it roughly in line with the charger’s orientation. If the plug end is North, place the phone either North-South or East-West, but not NE-SW or NW-SE. It’s a great charger, happy I bought it. Might buy more for other locations in the house.
Great wireless charging pad, works with my iPhone X in silcone case perfectly and I like that it lights up when phone is placed on it so you know its initiated charging without having to look at the phones screen.
Works very well with the OtterBox Defender. As thick as the case is this charger still works wonderfully.
I just received this wireless charger and it works as stated.  I can keep the cover on my Iphone8 plus and just place it on top of the charger.  Be advised, if you arent going to charge through a computer you will need an adapter for your wall socket.
Pretty good charger! It doesn’t charge fast, however it’s great for charging over night. I just put my phone on top and it charges, don’t have to worry about plugging it into my phone! The charger didn’t come with a wall plug, it just comes with a usb cord and the charging pad! I had to find a charging block to use. You can also plug it up to a computer and charge your phone as a power source for the pad. FTC: I used my hard earned money to purchase this item. Wasn’t free at all! Happy shopping.
MUCH better than the other Anker Wireless Charger model AK-A2516011 with AISN B01N3XH3KQ . This is half as thick and the rubber actually keeps the iPhone on the charger. The other Charger, model AK-A2516011, isnt tacky enough to keep the phone on and when you return to it, the phone isnt charged!
My iPhone 8 charges on this with my case on!!!!
Using it with my iPhone 8+ and I leave my Apple leather case on. Even works with my wife’s 8+, Speck case and Pop socket. No fighting for the right position. Lay it down and walk away.
I bought this specifically because I wanted one cheap and that could work with the iPhone 8. As usual Anker does not disappoint. Im charging it with an iPad plug in so my speeds are probably faster than what youd get from an iPhone wall plug in. Im getting at least 10% every 10 minutes and more often than not a little faster than that. My only moderate complaint is that it has to be placed well to work through my otterbox defender (which is fine). Just writing that part for those who also use defenders. Thats probably a problem with Otterbox more so than Anker, since I can charge it with the phone placed more randomly uncased. Recommended for everyone!
Works fantastically but you have to make sure that it is compatible with your device and/or it can be made compatible with your device. Thanks, sbh.
I purchased this charger because my son broke the charging port on my Samsung  phone. I am very pleased with this charger. It arrived in a timely manner and it charges very quickly. This charger is much faster than the Samsung Wireless charger I purchased from Best Buy for double the price. Which may be because it does not come with the plug that goes into the wall. The Anker charger is also much smaller. I highly recommend this product.
Being only a single coil charger, some phones are finnicky about placement.
Works well - with a phone without a case. Will not charge through a simple thin case, but without the case on, it charges with no problems. A quality product.
When I had an iPhone, Anker made some pretty decent extended charging cables. Ive moved on to my Galaxy S7 and though Id give their wireless charger a try. Its been in use for about 1-2 weeks. 1) Im still a bit wary on Fast Charging from Samsung. My phone did warm up while on the charger, though I thought I had had Fast Charging disabled. Apparently there is a wireless FC to also turn off in Android. Afterward, no warm phone! 2) I keep an Otterbox Symmetry case on my phone. No problems with it charging through that, though I agree with other reviewers that anything thicker will probably prevent effective charging. 3) The blue lights are very soft. They only go on for about three seconds when the phone is placed on, then shut off. It doesnt affect my sleep or darkness of the room at night. 4) If youre used to a wireless charger that was a stand, you might have an issue with this one. It is a bit awkward to get the phone on since it needs to be almost dead center to catch the Qi sensor. 5) Probably totally unrelated to many other buyers but...my cat loves to knock my stuff over in the night (especially this). I used to have my phone simply hooked up on a side table, so even if he was a jerk and knocked it over, it was still connected to the USB cable. I know the obvious fix is to keep the cat out of the bedroom :) Im kind of thinking a wireless stand wouldve been better for my situation but this thing is great. Decently priced, and phone is always charged by the time I wake up in the morning.
Works great. The pad is a good size and you need to be in the middle of your phone and it will rapid charge through my case no problem.
Works exactly as its supposed to with my S8+ this is a huge win for me since other wireless charges have not worked with this phone at all, "pausing charged" and "irregular charging detected" errors prevented other chargers from working with this phone, but the this anker charger works flawlessly buy it
Seems to work fine in the day time, keeping my phone topped off at my desk. However, when I leave the phone on the charger overnight, about 1/3 of the time I wake up with the phone having lost charge and it being hot, why is it hot if it isnt charging? Update: I am using this with a Galaxy S8+ and I believe the overnight charging problem mentioned below to be the fault of the phone, not the Anker Pad, adding a star because I think the pad works, but still not going to 5 because it doesnt work quite right for me.
Wife loves it
Great pad with fast charging. No complaints. Worked great on Nexus 7 (2013) and Moto 360 2nd Gen.
Thanks
LOVE this, sits on my night stand at night charging my phone, its very fast and I just love Anker products, they are always of great quality, never had a problem with anything.
Very small and Sharp looking for what it actually is. My 60 year old father said it looks like a coaster so careful of the elderly. Charges the phone at an average pace. Unfortunately you have to make sure it connects upon placing the phone on the charger. Cant just put it down and walk away. I have wait a couple seconds to make sure it begins charging. Half the time I put it down it wont notice the phone is on the pad so you have to pick it up and replace it. Not a huge deal what are a couple seconds in the big picture. Overall good product at a good price.
Works great, only problem is that it wont charge my S7 if I have my second layer otterbox case (the rubbery layer)  is on, so I have to take it off to charge.
This is a wonderful little charger! I purchased the suggested Fast Charge Outlet. > Sometimes my phone can be a little finicky recognizing the charger. Charges fast compared to other wireless chargers I have tried, but still not as fast as a wall charge. All in all very happy with the product - I love not stripping my phone port every time I charge! ----- If you found my review helpful, please click the "Yes" button below! :)
Love this thing. Its fast and consistent. My only gripe is I wish the placement of my phone didnt have to be so exact.
I have zero issues with this charging my Galaxy S7 at night through a slim case (Spigen Hybrid case). Its fairly easy to center and charges at around 1500mA.
Great charger, super small and light love it.
Mounted in my car it works great. Using a S7E with Spigen case.. no issues and love the grip pad. Phone stays in place on highway cruising.
I like it but I have to take the case off my phone to charge it. It makes it not as nice ti use. it does charge quickly but I dont always have the time to take my phone out of its case.
It works with specific types of cases, namely thinner ones.  I ended up using a thinner Spigen brand case after realizing my UAG was too thick. Works well with its fast charge capability, but ensure using a fast charger adapter and thicker cable.
I use it at work and I love it. It doesnt get in the way on my desk, the non-slip pad does a great job of holding my phone in place, and it doesnt look out of place in a professional setting. Yes, it is a little finicky to find just the right spot to initiate wireless charging on my Note 5 but it usually just takes a tiny push. I only wish you could choose if it came with a 3 cable or a 6.
Bought this for my new iPhone 8 Plus. Works as expected. Charges through my Spigen case I use without issue.
Use this with my new iPhone 8 and havent had a problem.  Anker is probably the best brand of cable and accessories that I know of, and they stand behind their products with a stellar warranty.  I recommend this charger to everyone.
The first one I got didnt sit flush to a surface--it was like the bottom was bulged out just enough that the pads didnt all touch. Because of that, it didnt really stay put. I contacted Anker support and they sent me another one that sits flush and doesnt move. Even the one that moved around worked just fine. I like the minimal look and low profile. When I need to charge my iPhone 8+ (which isnt even every day), this charger does the trick.
I have recently bought this wireless charger for my iPhone 8 Plus. I set this charger pad on my bed side table for overnight charging. I think it was 3rd or 4th night when I put my iPhone 8 plus on over night charging (iPhone in Do not Disturb mode). The next morning I was shocked to see my iPhone was not on the charging pad but on the floor. This is something to do with charging pads induction coils that are vibrating the phone off the charger and because of the glass backing on the iPhone 8 it falls off easily. I am an old Anker customer but this time I am very disappointed that Anker has not tested their product properly before making it compatible for iPhone 8. UPDATE: I am editing my review as I was contacted by Anker and they were quick to send me a replacement wireless charger with a different pad. It was really a great piece of service by Anker and I am very happy with the replacement charger. I am upgrading my review from 1 to 4 stars. Thank you Anker.
works great & the price cant be beat.
A very useful product and a great design.
I love this wireless charger.  I travel for work and have an old Blackberry.  My son in law had this on his table.  I placed my phone on the pad and it charged fast.  So I ordered one for myself.  It works on all my phones.  I dont have to travel with different charges.  I just pack this!!
Needed a cheap wireless charger for my Nexus 6 that I could throw in my travel bag. My favorite charger is the Tylt but its too big and bulky to travel with. Anker has a reputation for affordable and reliable accessories so I picked this up and am happy with it. 9/10 times I can set my phone directly on it and it immediately begins charging without having to fiddle with positioning the charging coil properly. I can charge through my phones case, but it isnt a thick case like an Otterbox so keep that in mind.
Great product!  I use it with the galaxy s5 wireless charging receiver.  It charges my phone at a similar speed as plugging it in. Very happy with how it works
Work good..
Its been working like a charm, looks great in my night table top and is quite comfy to just get my phone to send a message or check anything and just leave it again in the charging pad without disconnecting anything, my unique complain and the reason for 4stars is that it does not work with any of my s7 edge cases, I have to get the phone out of the case to get it charging. Anything else is perfect
Works perfectly for me. I’ve tested it with two different cases on my iPhone 8 Plus and I’ve yet to have a problem. I can’t comment on its fast charging capabilities as I haven’t purchased the power block yet, but no issues at all.
Solid build quality, and surprisingly thinner than I expected it to be. This charger has all the same features youll find on one thats twice as expensive, so dont waste your money. Just make sure you have a 10W Plugin to take advantage of the faster charging. My only complaints would be that it doesnt use USB-C (bizarrely), and that the LED lights look like gimmicky dots. Wish they would have just made a nice LED ring but thats just a minor cosmetic complaint. This gets the job done and actually supports charging faster than 5W, which is more than I can say for a lot of more expensive wireless chargers.
Much smaller than any other charging pad Ive seen and extremely thin! About the length/width of a deck of cards and thickness of a pencil. Pleasantly surprised and happy itll do fast charging when iOS does the update.
Very good product. It works as described. Happy costumer. Thank you.
*** UPDATE *** After being dissatisfied with this product not having its power plug fast charger that most units like this should and do have and being super upset well, Anker contacted me. Yes, I am still upset as I believe the device should come with the power adapter. If not it should be Much more noticeable that it does not.  Regardless of that Anker reached out to me and made things right on my end. I just am disappointed others can have the same problem that I did not knowing that the power adapter does not come with the wireless charger. But Anker does have really good customer service and does try to help the customer, therefore, I think this should go from a 3 start to a 4 star. Because they did make it right for me at least in the end. The value is good, well for the time I got it was. But it is very misleading. It says it is a Fast Charger for some Samsung models. That claim is so F-ing misleading! The F-ing basterds makes me so angry with them! But at the time I got it for much less than the cost it is now. It was still a great awesome value. So I kept it. And have not turned back. The item is good I like it a lot. But as I have said so misleading it is not a fast charger! It is not even possible. You see the device does not even come with the plug to use the device. You have to have your own provided USB charger. And if you do not have a Fast Charger one and use this with a standard one it works fine but it is not a fast charger. Anker needs to wake up and not claim this with out having provided the power unit.
Works with my iPhone 8 plus like a charm! Very easy to get it to charge--just drop it on the charger and it starts charging. Works "naked" and with an Apple silicone cover without any issues. Also tested it with a Twelve South Bookbook for iPhone and it charges with the case on. Very convenient and should be a lot less wear and tear on the lightning cables and port plugging in and out all the time. Rubber feet on the bottom keep the very thin charger from sliding around. Almost disappears on the table because of the minimum design. Great job, Anker! Im ordering more for other flat surfaces in the house. (Hint: charges with a mini USB cord. Pick up a longer one here on Amazon (like an AmazonBasics) and run the cord behind your furniture to your new charger. Put one next to your favorite TV chair and your iPhone will always be ready to go!)
Using this right now with my iPhone 8+ with a case on. The blue lights are very dim - almost invisible in office light, which means it should be good next to the bed. It has had 0 problems charging my phone no matter how I put it down. A+! Good job Anker!
So far so good! For anyone else bad with sizes and spaces, this thing is nice and tiny and thin. Using this on my nightstand with a new iPhone 8. The phone charges without trouble and no heat issues.
great product & the price is great
My first night with the charging pad was a disaster.  I was awoken no less than 4 times to my phone hitting the ground.  Somehow, the induction coils are "vibrating" the phone off the charger and due to the glass backing on the iPhone, it slipped to the ground. I have reached out to Anker to discuss and I am waiting for a return email. I am a big proponent of their products (in-car chargers, batterys, etc) and this is my 1st Qi Charger.  So far, not impressed. NOTE: I am using their Q3 charger with it too. UPDATED (12/29/2017):  My sincerest apologies to Anker on this tardy update.  Once I posted my issue, Anker immediately sent a replacement model (a different Qi charger).  The new charger works like a charm.  Upon further fiddling with this particular unit, I can say that the issue that I experienced was one of assembly.  The "domed" or "bubble" that caused the phone to slide off was due to the assembly of the unit - i pressed all the aspects of the plastics together and heard 4 resounding "snaps." Once everything was pressed together, phones no longer slid off. Its my belief that the this unit slipped through the QC process. I stand by Anker, their reputation and their products.
It works well I use it to charge my Note 8.  It’s very slim and light which makes it easy to tote if you want to.  However it doesn’t come with the charger adapter which I did not like.  A neat feature is it lights up to notify you that it’s being charged keep in mind doesn’t stay lit.
So good my friend ordered one. Very simple and works better than the expensive one I got from Apple.
Charges my iPhone 8plus with an Otterbox commuter case no problem
Had purchased the older round version and found it didnt charge through my otter box phone case. Anker hooked me up and sent the newest model. I have the same problem with this charger as well, to be fair otterboxes are made to be thick. But also when I place my phone down i have to find the sweet spot to get it charged. Does its job just not as quickly as their wall mounted docks.
I bought this to charge my wifes iPhone 8.  It works as its supposed to and even works through the Otterbox Commuter case she has on her phone.  The surface is grippy enough to use in my truck also and will hold the phone even through moderate turns without sliding off.  It charges rather quickly also using one of Ankers dual PowerPort 2 charging bricks. My only problem with it is the MicroUSB cord that is comes with is too short.  Its too short to even work with our short nightstand with a power strip on the floor.  I had to swap it out with another devices cord that I have around the house.
Works amazingly. I bought an iPhone 8 Plus and I put an Otter Box Symmetry Case( which I also highly recommend) on my phone. This charger works through my case and never disconnects the charge. My iPhone fits very nicely on the pad as well. I would recommend this to anyone.
Kinda wish the pad was bigger but it works very well and does whats is supposed to.
Being an iPhone owner I am new to the wireless charger game. When I got my iPhone 8 the first thought was anker; they are my favorite charger brand by far and they don’t disappoint with this one. Charging is simple and it is not very picky like many other brands I have seen reviewed. The lights are dim enough that they are not disturbing on my bedside nightstand. My phone doesn’t get hot at all so I don’t worry about it overcharging. My phone sits on it well and doesn’t slide around. I’ve enough used it on my car dash while the vehicle is in motion (in hindsight this is a really bad idea and don’t recommend it...) and my phone didn’t slide off. Over all I am very happy with my purchase and know from experience that Ankers customer service is great should I have any issues down the road.
This review is based on wireless charger + Anker fast charging adapter used together: I love Anker products.  I’ve never had any issues with them.  However the fast charging wireless charger isn’t working well with my iPhone 8.  It chargers very slow and over heats the device.  I read up on it and I don’t believe it’s the Anker charger that’s the problem.  It’s the iPhone 8.  It won’t support fast wireless charging until a future firmware update.  That’s probably why the phone overheats, because it’s pumping in a lot of charge but the phone isn’t accepting it at that rate.  Anyhow, Anker makes solid products and I’ve convinced my friends and family to always buy Anker.  Keep up the good work and thank you.
Works perfect with iphone 8 Great price, and backed by Anker
Anker always provides great products with the best customer service I’ve had from any company. Thank you guys for being such a great company!
I updated this post to 5 stars now, because I had higher expectations of how fast it could charge, and Anker reached out to me and offered to replace it or give me half of what I paid back as a refund.  So while it does work and I have no issues with it, I was extremely happy with their customer service and attention to how I felt about the product, and getting the half refund.  This really is a great company to work with.  I have one of their portable chargers as well, and both products work as advertised.  I highly recommend this product and company.
So far so good.  Works great with my Galaxy Note 4.  At first I was concerned that I could no longer use my magnet mount for my car, but I used the smaller magnet that sits is located at the bottom half of my phone and it now allows for wireless charging, whereas the larger magnet interfered with the charging process.  This works great on my nightstand to let phone charge overnight.
The wire it comes with is very short, and it does take a while to charge. However this is perfect for my nightstand to charge fully overnight.
Anker has once again proven to be a reliable vendor. The wireless charger works great. even with the thin case that I have on my S7. Love this charger and thank you once again Anker.
Was a little skeptical about purchasing after reading some reviews, but didnt have any of those problems with my pad. Have a pretty bulky case on my S7 and have no issues with the wireless charging, just have to be sure your phone is centered on the pad. Also the led lights werent overly bright, and turned off within a few seconds of placing the phone down. Plugged it into my anker fast charger and the pad supports fast charging. Overall a great price for a wireless charger.
This is a must have gadget if your phone supports wireless charging. Its pretty slim, and its very easy and convenient to use. Just plug it in and put it on your desktop. Your phone will always be charged. With this, you bypass the risk of damaging the usb port by constantly plugin in an out the cable. Im more than satisfied.
Yo its lit. Like it cought on fire. Lol jokes. It hast fast chrge so its cool with me.
Awesome product, just make sure you dont have too bulky of a case.
Samgsung s7 with a case it charges way slow. It is temperamental of placement. Update the company contacted me and the customer service is excellent. I would feel confident in purchasing any item from maker in the future. Their products are well built. The company sent out a quick charger which seems to help the charging issue I had in the past.
No issues whatsoever. I think it charges faster than my Samsung stock cable and wall adapter.
Works great with Lumia 920 with carbon cover on it
Works well no problem. Plug in cable and place phone (in case) on charger voila it works. No wrestling w/ positioning on the charge pad, not the charging sweet spot every time. No heating problems at all, once Apple enables 7.5w charging this pad will be able to charge an IPhone using fast wireless.
Never disappointed with Anker, amazing product and a company that I can trust every time!
The disk is a lot smaller than I imagines. It’s a real slim profile, so it’s nice sitting on my nightstand. I purchased it for the upcoming iPhone X, so I haven’t used it yet, however, I love Anker products, and so I am sure it will be a great addition to all my other Anker gear. Additionally, Anker has some of the best customer service and have always addressed my issues quickly!
Works well with Apple i8 Plus, but doesnt fast charge (Im using an Apple iPad charger which supports that). Light on charger initially glows to advise of connection than quickly turns off, so it works well on a nightstand. Perfect for the price!
OK, its from Anker, so you expect it to be perfect.  In this case, though, it was better than I expected.  This wonderful little device charges my iPhone  8 Plus while it is still in its heavy Quad Lock case.  It also has unadvertised features.  Last night, I had the Anker charger on my night stand charging my phone while I slept.  During the night, I picked up my phone to check the time.  When I laid the phone back down on the charger, I mistakenly placed it screen-down.  Immediately, little blue lights around the base of the charged flashed.  When I picked up the phone and laid its back, the phone and the charger went dark.  All that, and the Anker charger is cheaper than all of its legitimate competitors.
works great.  I do have to move it around sometimes to find the sweet spot with my LG g6 in the Otter Box Defender case.
Bought this to replace the Samsung wireless charger. The Samsung used to turn off after my phone (Galaxy S6) was charged meaning Id wake up to a phone that wasnt fully charged (usually like 85 to 90%) and that was unacceptable. The Anker charger doesnt have this issue! Still faster to charge with a wire, but the wireless is sometimes really convenient! Glad I got this. As usual, Anker products are pretty great!
I purchased this with the 3.0 wall charger.  Lights go off quickly and do not interfere with sleep!  I made it 12 days before it stopped working with my phone because my wife took it for her phone. I am now buying one for me for the 2nd time.  Do not buy 1 if you are married, get 2.  The combo for the wall 3.0 and pad cost $35ish for the privilege of not fiddling with wires. Worth it. I admit that there is not a huge satisfaction after setting it up and placing your phone down.  It just works.  The benefits have shown after almost 2 weeks of not finding the wire, checking the orientation, and plugging it in.  This charger is 20 mins slower than the "fast charge" via cable, but it is charging overnight which makes this time irrelevant.  I had a 1st generation wireless charger by samsung with the fan, bright light and took twice as long to charge; no thank you. Get this.
Good charger,, need to make sure brick is high enough power to take advantage of the faster charge
Great Fast Wireless charger for $20.00, or less. I have been using Samsung mini Wireless Charging Pad that I got for around $12.00, but it was charging slow (it wasnt fast charging pad, and wireless charging is usually a little slower than wired charging). It has pretty compact design, just slightly larger than mini wireless charger Ive been using before. Ive been using this fast wireless charging pad for only a few weeks, but I have no complains about it so far.
Original pad went to sleep, had to kill power and restart power to pad to get it to charge the phone.  This item has been returned and I am looking for a different charging pad. Anker sent me a new one that I have been trying for the last couple of weeks and it has been working fine.  Will order another one for work.
Works very well on our Samsung Galaxy S7 phones. Works fastest without the case on, but works with it on, as well. We keep it on a kitchen counter where we can sit a phone on it when one of us is working in there. Its nice to add to your charge as you are going about your day without seeking out a charger. Need to make sure it is sitting right and charging when you put it down, but thats pretty easy.
I was having trouble with the charger at first, but the representatives at Anker reached out to me and helped me fix the problem.
works fine
Works really well, only problem is you have to find the sweet spot but other than that its great
The good: it charges fast, doesnt require you to plug your phone in, Works thru my otterbox case, Takes up little space The bad: phone gets hot while charging, Doesnt work at all if its not very squarely on the charger, Can drain your battery if its of center as it will fluctuate from charging to not every other second, turning the screen on and alerting you each time, Its hard to use your phone while on this like you can with a cable. Overall, I like it, I use it daily and would buy it again if it broke but I think its uses are best in the car and kitchen where you need your phone untethered.
Been using it a few weeks now on my Samsung Galaxy S7, works pretty well and charges fast even with a (thin) case.  This is the third or so Anker product Ive ever used and so far no complaints.  Wish all companies could be like these guys.  Thanks Anker!
Works perfectly with my S7 Active and WAY cheaper than the Samsung model I bought.
My first was slow. Anker reached out to me and send a new one and it is working just fine for my Nexus 6. It doesnt do fast charge, but that was expected.
i dont always get it directly on the pad and it doesnt charge as fast as a cable
Excellent charger, very fast and easy to use, just put my phone to charge and no need to fiddle with cables in the dark
I was a little skeptical at buying this at first but i decided to give it a try. Its quite small but of good size. Some people may gripe that they have to remove their phone cover but it literally only takes me a second to do it for my galaxy s7 edge. No cable attached, all you have to do is place your phone correctly on the pad and it charges pretty well (of course it will not fast charge like when its connected via cable), and then remove it and go (put case back on... again not really a gripe for me). Its a great alternative charger to have in the house or in the bedroom (even your work).
works great
Does not get hot. Rarely, a little warm. The heat shutoff to prevent overheating works well. Nokia Lumia 920. Well worth the extra money for the quality of this device.
Such an awesome idea! One of the coolest things Ive bought in a long time. So handy
I love it.  Thinking about getting another one.
This Anker Qi charger worked liked a charm for a lot less than the Samsung Fast Charge Stand. It charged my S7 Edge as fast as when plugged into the "Adpative Fast Charger" that the phone comes with.
Works Awsome. Another great product by Anker. Just one flaw and that is that u have to find the sweet spot but once u do works as advertised and quick. Thanks Anker.
great charger!  nicely packaged & works great.  My husband loves it & made a great Christmas gift!
I like the product and gave it to nieces and nephews for Christmas - big hit!  Note that it does not charge IPhones
Nice charger charges as fast as a Samsung fast charger but the concern I have it doesnt work with otterbox defender case. Edit: anker have contacted me and sent a quick charge 3.0 wall charger. NOTE: not compatible with defender cases.
Nice slim profile. Doesnt fast charge but thats not a problem. Lights flash on and off slowly when it first connects and then turn off, which is nice if you charge it on a night stand.
Very fast QI charging on my Samsung phones - another Anker homerun!
Awesome! Very small and thin yet does an excellent job. Works with "fast charging technology". Perfect fit for the center console of my truck.
Awesome, like all my Anker products!
Works great with a S7
Great product at an amazing price!
I ordered two, one for home and one for my office and I love them. Firstly, the USB connector to my Galaxy S6 has basically crapped out on me and barely holds a USB cable, so I had little option but to go wireless. Secondly, it may seem like a small thing, but the convenience of just setting your phone down to charge instead of fumbling with a cord easily makes this one of my favorite innovations in mobile technology since the finger print scanner.
Ive bought over 5 different Anker products this passed year. They are the definition of quality without breaking the bank . This product is no different except better than the Samsung charge
We have no experience to compare this product with but I have it to my husband for Christmas & so far we love it. Worked immediately without any hassle. Very happy so far.
Very good
Doesnt charge through case
Just disappointed. It didnt. come with plugin
Love it.  Plugs kept getting loose and now all I have to do is lay my Samsung Galaxy 6 across the charger.  Great product.
Works on a Samsung Note 5.  Sums up this review.
My phone doesnt have the fast charge option via wireless, but it works well and way cheaper than the version you get from the big cell companies.  Anker is my go-to source for chargers and cables, never had a problem and bet I never will!
Charges the phone but seems to be slower than expected
It works, put the phone on it and it charges. Small and simple.
Got this today. Charging my S7 within an Otterbox case. Love the LEDs and the quick charge. Phone was at 50% and it is almost charged as I am writing this review. LEDs are blue and bright. Also works well with my Anker 6 USB port charger. Solidly built and all-in-all just a good product.
Perfect charger for the Samsung S7. Takes a try or two to learn coil location in the phone to properly seat the device on the charger to initiate the charging. After that, its smooth sailing. Works perfectly with the speed charging cord and wall plug that came with the phone. Also, I have a tech21 silicone case on my phone and have had no problem charging with the case on. The charger is light weight, super thin, and illuminates blue LEDs around the base when charging your device. LEDs fade when the device is fully charged. Definitely well worth every penny.
Works great. My daughter had several problems charging her phone. Hasnt had one since. Thanks.
This works great and the price was very reasonable!
works wonderfully and decently small.
good~!!
Ive ordered two Anker products before and been highly satisfied. I ordered this as a stocking stuffer after looking at different wireless charges and thought they were too expensive. So I went with Anker since they havent failed me yet. What can I say, other than it works. Some say it doesnt charge with the phone case on but I had no problem. I initially had to find a sweet spot when I laid it down for it to start charging but my wife seemed to have no issues at all. Good product, great price.
Christmas gift and he thinks this is great.
I love everything Anker makes but this wireless charger is amazing. Beautiful,thin, and just amazing on my desk at work. My only problem is that I didnt order 2. Thanks again Anker. Keep them coming. I see I need to order another Powercore.
Okay, folks, Anker rocks. Seriously. I didnt get a bad one, I got a good one. I ordered a brand spankin new wall charger at the same time as I ordered this charging pad and I had the charging pad plugged in to the wall charger. The wall charger is the thing at fault and not the charging pad. Its just such a bizarre issue for a wall charger that it truly never occurred to me that it could have been the wall chargers fault (that it would charge for a few minutes and then *pbbbtthh* nothing - that seems WAY more like something that a faulty charging pad would do, right?) so I blamed the charging pad. Sorry charging pad. I had mentioned that I was outside of my return window in my original review below because of course I am because I travel a lot. Well, lo and behold the kickass folks at Anker sent me email asking me how they could help me. How awesome is that?!? Well... Much to my embarrassment, that email came the night before I was leaving the country for several weeks so there wasnt anything I could do about it! I emailed them back to tell them this and thank you. They told me not to worry about it and that *they* would put it on *their* calendar to contact me in a month so we could sort it out. That level of concern and consideration? Wow. Other companies need to take note here. I followed their recommendations and tracked down the source of the problem and the charging pad is great. Get one. More importantly, get things from Anker. This company deserves your business because you deserve a company that gives a toss about you. **Original Review Below** I love Anker products and I hate to give a bad review to one - seriously, it guts me to do so. I honestly think that I just got a bad apple out of the bunch based on the reviews of others but my particular one will only charge my phone for about fifteen minutes and then it stops charging it. I have to pick my phone up off the charger and put it back down on it to get it to go again -- for another fifteen minutes or so. I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 without a case and the charger is plugged into an Anker charger. This makes me Sad Panda. And, of course, I didnt discover this issue until **after** my window for returning it had slammed firmly shut (it was to be my nightstand charger and I thought my dog was knocking my phone off center and then I had to go out of town for work so, yeah, life and stuff.) Oh well, I still love you, Anker!
It works great with my Samsung Galaxy 7 Edge even when the Spigen protective back is on. There are cheaper wireless charging devices but trying to save $10 on something that channels electricity is not a good idea IMHO.
Works great with my S6 Edge+ with a Spigen Hybrid case.  Charges fast and easily connects without having to worry about setting the phone down on it just right.  The pad is super thin compared to others out there, and I like how the pad lights up to show a successful connection with your phone.  Keep in mind though, having a thin case with no metal or magnets on the backside is the key to using any of these Qi chargers.  If you have a thick case like an Otterbox Defender, youll definitely have more trouble finding the "sweet spot" to get your phone charging.  My wifes Note 5 charges fine without the Otterbox, but when its on we have to set the phone down just right for it to charge and it doesnt seem to charge as fast.  Rule of thumb, the less between your phone and the charge pad, the better.  That said, Id easily recommend this Qi charge pad.  Anker makes great products and this is yet another in a long line.
great item, going to purchase a 2nd one for work!
works good hard to connect sometimes
Works great. Wireless fast charger, buy one or two you will not be disappointed!!!!
Wonderful product. . . works everytime  I got this item so my phone wouldnt have to be tethered to a cord during parts of my day when it would need to be recharged.  This device gives me the freedom to simply lay my phone on it -- whenever it needs to be recharged, or just to keep it at / near maximum charge -- and simply pick it up [no cord to unplug] whenever I want/need to use it.
Ive bought a few of these wireless chargers and this is the first one that DOES NOT charge my phone with the case on it, and I do like the other Anker products that Ive bought.{UPDATE} ANKER is going to replace this charger saying that this is a single coil charger and not meant to charge through a case. When I receive the new charger Ill give their customer service a 5 stars for responding so quickly.
Works perfectly with my Galaxy S7 Edge even through the plastic kickstand case. The only change the case made is that I have to line the phone up right in the center of the charger, anything off to the side wont charge. This is not a fast wireless charger, but does a great job of keeping my phone battery topped off throughout the day.
Works great. Charges fast
I do wish that it would vibrate to alert when the right charging contact is made as my older model did.  Like the size, like the LEDs
Great wireless charging for the Samsung Galaxy.. Works really well. Typical Anker quality.
This works very well. I like that I can have it by my desk and I dont need to mess with cables. One note: I had an Otterbox Defender on my Galaxy S6, and this charger didnt work at all. My Otterbox case was old, grody, and stretched out so I ordered a new Otterbox Defender case. The new case is about 1mm thinner rubber on the back (and slightly smaller all around). This small change makes all the difference and the charger works perfectly.
It works as intended. Sometimes its hard to find the charge point. Once you find it, it will start fast charging right away.
Good product, works with alot of phones but just keep in mind before purchasing this that it will most probably not work properly if your phone has any kind of plastic or rubber protector on it.
Not as fast as wired charger, but best wireless charger Ive ever used
I love this gadget. Works great.
Not a problem with it with my galaxy s7 and ballistic case
I ordered two charging pads the at the same time. One to bring to work, the other for home. This one earned its place for home. I am using a Galaxy S5 with a third party Qi insert, and I have a Otterbox Defender case on my phone. This pad easily charges my phone, rating on average around 650mA. The LEDs are a soft blue light. I like that once this pad starts charging the LEDs turn off, so this makes a great way to charge my phone in the bedroom as I dont have to worry about a bright light in the darkness when Im trying to sleep.
Fast charger. Works with phone in case. Only issue is you REALLY have to find the sweet spot for charging. Any mm off in any direction and my phone wont charge I also have the Samsung charger and it seems to be much more forgiving on placement of phone. Overall great for price, just need to find perfect placement to begin charging phone Update: 02.16.2017. Anker reached out to me and offered to replace charger. New one works much better! I even experimented with different phone cases and all seem to work much easier then previous. Added a star back. Great company/ customer service! Have several battery packs and car chargers from Anker and they all work great!
Stops charging after few minutes. Will return. Edit: Got a new one for free from the Anker team. Thank you! This one works great, fully charges S7 Edge in about 2 hours with the fast charger.
I was replacing the battery in my Samsung Note 4 and was debating between replacing it with an extra capacity battery or a standard capacity with wireless capability and a wireless charger.  I decided to go the wireless route and Im glad I did.  I placed it on my beds headboard and would put my phone on it at night.  It worked so well I bought a second one and placed it on the end table next to my TV chair.  After a few weeks I decided to see if they would work with my clear silicon case and found they worked fine.  They are not very picky about placement to get the connection with probably 1/2 inch latitude in placement.
This is my second purchase.  Ive tried a couple of different products, but this one was the only one that would charge my Galaxy Note 5 while still encased (Otterbox Defender).  It also charges pretty rapidly, which is nice (but not as fast as a direct-USB connection).  Another nice feature is the fact that the blue status LEDs go out after about 30 seconds, so if you have this in the bedroom you wont have a glaring nightlight!  Both of my units are connected via 2 amp Amazon Basics chargers (not included).  The Amazon charger does a great job and is priced right!  The unit is nicely packaged (charger, USB cable and instructions) and of course delivery is fast.
I got the fastcharge wall adapter, usb cable and the PowerPort fast wireless charger to replace a Samsung wireless charger that died after two months.  This is a one day, one charge review.  Anker appears to be well made.  The cable had a good, strong feel.  Charging is quick and easy and there is no trouble placing the phone to get it to charge.  The charging pad itself is about 1/4" thick --- the Samsung fast charger was 34" or thicker.  Samsung had a cooling fan which ran during charging.  Anker has no fan so is silent, which I like.  I never felt much heat generation during charging with the Samsung so no opinion as to the necessity for fan cooling. When I saw the expressions of loyalty to Anker some other reviewers had I decided to give it a try and am glad I did.  If I have a problem Ill update.
Wonderful gift for lazy people A+
So far this item works as advertised. Works well with my Lumia 950XL. I bought two, one for home and one for my desk at work. I will most likely buy a third one to keep on my night stand. My one complaint if I could chalk it up to that is the wireless charger did not come with a power block to connect to the wall but I can understand why it wouldnt seeing the powerblocks offered in the Anker line. I own several of the products from this line and this is just another great product.
It is everything I hoped for...easy to use and charges fast
Charges FAST and looks great! High quality, small footprint!
Before anything else, I want to state that this review may have very little to do with Anker and more to do with an emerging technology - I think it still needs some time to mature. Weve got native charging on our Samsung S7 devices, and do have cases. I figured it would probably be easier to trigger charging if we didnt have cases, but to be frank, I wasnt interested in testing this because I have a case for a reason. Removing the case (and its protection) to charge is not a trade-off I was willing to make. To me, the point of wireless charging is convenience, and even the small step of removing the case isnt convenient. Now, after starting to use the charger, it seemed that finding the "sweet spot" to trigger charging was a bit of a chore. Sometimes a twitch of just a couple millimeters seemed to trigger it. It also seemed that the charger was defective. About one out of every three nights, the phone would register it was on a charger, but come morning, the battery didnt charge at all - it would still be nearly dead like it was the night prior. I wondered if this was just me, but my wife had the same issue. I decided to give it another week to see if we could figure it out. Eventually, I had a revelation - I rotated the charger itself. We had been charging our phones with the cord extending from the charger to the left or right of the phone because that was most logical for our setup next to the bed. However, I turned my charger so the cord was pointed "up and down" in orientation  to the phone and suddenly the issue of no charging went away. It now charges predictably every night. Now, note that I didnt really read the instructions (Im a guy, and thought it was pretty much foolproof) - it may actually say you need to orient the  charger properly, I dont know. If it doesnt say that, it definitely should, assuming its not just our devices. In addition, the issues of finding the "sweet spot" to trigger charging didnt go away either. However, I can now say the charger works properly and without much hassle. Im still giving it 4 stars because of the small annoyances to trigger charging and nervousness about whether it will, in fact, charge my phone, but overall Im now satisfied.
Product is as described and very nice. I knew I was taking a chance on whether it would work with my Note 5 with an Otterbox defender case on.Works for a few then stops and that is only after spending a minute or so trying to find the sweet spot. Works great with my wifes S7 with a Commuter case. Also remember the way Defender cases age the outer rubber tends to warp and move even further away from the back of your phone. It is just the way life goes.
At first I was not happy with the performance, but that was most likely due to my lack of paying attention as I was reading the product description. I was able to resolve the problem with customer support in a timely manner and I am very pleased with service I received from them. Below is an item you should highly consider to purchase with this wireless charger,
love it
Works like a charm. Love it, so much easier to use then craming the wrong side of charging cable into phone
Easy to use and a good price
Works as advertised, Im just using it on standard chargers, so I cant say how it works using QuickCharge.
love this for my s7 edge. charges through my tpu case (sadly not through my wallet case) love the fast charge!
Got this for my friend for Christmas. He loves the wireless charging and how fast it charges. No complaints from him so far.
This wireless charger is amazing. Ive always been a HUGE fan of Anker products. I have the 20100maH external battery from them that I love so dearly as well! It is definitely worth every penny!
I like it a lot, and its very useful, but it doesnt charge very fast for my samsung galaxy s7. I was under the impression that it would support speeds close to what a quick charge would (full battery in 2 hours)
If you dont have one of these for your Samsung get one right now. Such a great product at a fraction of the name brand price.
i like it
This a great charger! My husband and I can both use our phones on it. A note 6 and s6. I just recommend not being on the phone while charging because it does get warm. Takes about 45 minutes to fully charge from 5%
Slim Fast Charger Thanks
To start off I have a couple of other Anker products and I havent been disappointed yet . They always are great quality for a good price . I am using through product with a Samsung Galaxy s7 edge Pros: Nice sleek design   Feels solid and cable seems quality   No more wires and easy to use Cons : You have to make sure you put the phone on it the right spot . You cant just put it anywhere on the charger Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will keep supporting Anker . One thing to know is wireless chargers will not be aso fast as wired chargers but the trade off is worth it!
It works very well with my Samsung S7 Edge with the case on.  The charger is super slim with a non slip surface that holds the phone well. I am using it with a separate USB charger and cable and it is working fine with no problems
Purchased as a gift for my boyfriend. He was nervous that it wouldnt work with his android phone but it works great!
Works perfectly just like all other Anker products Ive purchased.  Quality materials.
Fast charging and great quality. Absolutely love using them with my Galaxy Note 8s.
Works great with iPhone X. - Charges just fine with a Speck CandyShell case on my phone.  I did not have to take the case off. - Compact - No power adapter included. Youll need a USB wall adapter. - Charges in decent time, I have no complaints.
I was really excited about this, but it turns out to have a problem. Well made and solid like all most all Anker products. Great that it delivers more power to iPhone X than most other products (up to 7W I think). But the top isnt flat, its curved. So the area of the phone in contact with the surface is small. if you touch the phone it will wobble and tends to turn around. Its distracting if you use or even touch the phone while on the charging surface. Update: Anker support is excellent as always: they offered to replace this with . That model is definitely flat on the top, and although the charing watts are slightly lower, I like this model better. Not sure whether the raised top on my "10" was a defect, but the PowerPort 5 is flat and grippy. Photos show both devices.
I love this Qi charger!  Its very thin and lights up when you place your phone on the pad.  I wish the cable were longer, but cant complain with this price.
Works nicely.
Works great with iPhone X.  Small and compact. Minor issue:  I wish it had a light when the charge was complete. The lights light up when you place the phone on it, and then turn off, this is as advertised.
Still working no problems so far
So far so good. The charging pad works well. I don’t have a fast charge wall brick, but I usually charge overnight so this works fine even in ‘slow’ charge mode. Features I like: size is good, small and unobtrusive.  The blue indicator lights ‘breath’ to indicate the charge pad is plugged in and to signal when your device is charging, but then they turn off so you aren’t distracted by additional bedside light. Functions well as noted above. The pad also feels sturdy and the power cord plugs in securely. Features I don’t love: only complaint is that I have an iPhone 8 Plus and the pad is a bit undersized - meaning if I don’t center my phone just so, my phone tends to slide off or is prone to being bumped off. I think this might be due to the lack of a really tacky top (which I don’t mind honestly) and the comparative size of the pad and my phone. I’ve remedied by using a bedside book to position my phone against and had no issues since! Bottom line: if you’re new to wireless charging as I was, this device will work and, at the price, seems to be a good value! I only give 4 stars because of the size issue which is likely as not due to me not as much the charging pad.
Product works fine so far. Cord is SUPER SHORT. Not long enough to reach from the floor outlet onto my desk. I will have to purchase another cord for this item to be beneficial to me. It charges my phone at a bit slower speed than my original Samsung wireless charger.
Works awesome definitely worth the money
Had issues with the charger. Anker acted like they would help me, then quit replying. *****UPDATE******* Anker has offered to help me solve my problem by sending me an upgraded charger! So excited! I knew this was a great brand and I will continue to support and stand by quality Anker products !!!
Charging so slow and sometimes not detect the phone
Bought two of these, one for the office, another for home. One works great. It charges my iPhone X quickly and without any issues. The other charger is terrible. When I place my phone down to charge overnight, it appears to charge (the battery icon turns green) but either doesn’t charge or charges so slow that the phone doesn’t gain any extra charge even after 8 hours on the charger. Update: Anker reached out and sent a replacement, which works great. Great customer service.
very happy with the product!
Works great with my S7, very hopeful to see the results with my incoming S9. Thanks team Anker!
Charges the phones overnight and does what is promised. Good product for the price.
Fast charge takes up little space very good charger
Works great. Seems to fast charge iPhone X with a 12 watt charger.
Good as usual from Anker. Works fine.
Its fine. It works. Even with Ankers latest USB charger (Quick Charge 3.0, 18W) it is still brutally slow. Better as a place to toss your phone when you arent using it as opposed to something youd use to charge your phone before going out for the night.
The biggest reason I purchased this wireless charger was because of the obnoxious LED lights that my old charger has. This charger does flash its blue LEDs 4 or 5 times when you first put your phone on it, after that its completely dark which makes it great for nightstands and overnight charging. Its super slim, light weight and takes up very little space. It has rubber on the bottom to keep it in place. Great charger at a great price.
Works as advertised.
I have one of those plastic stick on finger grip attachments on the back of my Anker case. It really increases the "thickness" of my iPhone X yet the wireless charger still works!!
I love this product. I had a hiccup with the charging block that was easily fixed. This company helped we trouble shoot the problem i was having. Defiantly would recommend it. I also read people having problems with placement of phone to charge. I have not had any problems. Order it!!!
Had this charger for a month now. It works great. Simply place your phone on top of the charger and it automatically charges your phone. I am fully satisfied. I was worried about the charging speed but I havent had any problems with that. Charges fast
Most excellent wireless Qi protocol phone charger this one supports the 7.5 Watt Apple fast charging protocol It is from Anker, a highly respected accessory maker I have a number of products from Anker and they all are superb, not one has ever failed NB: this charger lites up and flashes 3 times with blue leds around the periphery....this indicates that charging has commenced. On the plus side this charger goes dark after docking the phone and therefore would be ideal for a bedside However, if you need to make sure your phone is charging, there is no LED indicator that stays lit to confirm Highly recommended
Great warranty
I have an Iphone 8 with a PITAKA Magcase Aramid Fiber case. Using this charger with the Anker Quick Charge 3.0 my battery has charged from 30% to 72% in 72 minutes. The charging pad size is small but its perfect. I was going to buy the more expensive Belkin charger but this has proven to be very efficient. Before I went to work today I left my phone on it for 15 minutes and it charged 12% more than its previous state. Good build quality. I plan on buying 4 more to put everywhere I normally charge my phone.
While Im a generally a proponent of cable-based charging, there are times (in the car, at my work desk, etc.) where quick portability is more important than charge efficiency or absolute charge speed. Since Qi wireless charging is done to a published standard, there really isnt much variation from the reference design in the markets retail products.  Since the products are theoretically identical, why would you select on the basis of anything other than price?  For me it was a matter of the product supporting 10W charging (though there are plenty of others that do just that), and the Anker brand name.  Ive never had a problem with Anker products, so that was my tiebreaker. The charging pad itself is a little smaller than a coaster, with rubber feet and a thin rubber top pad.  Blue LEDs on the perimeter of the charger pulse while the device is charging, though there doesnt appear to be anything to visually distinguish between 5W and 10W charging.  Im happy enough with my purchase (I bought 2) that I plan on getting more as I need them.  Please note that this product is just the pad and a USB cord... youll need to purchase a 120VAC to USB power supply.
Very easy to set up and use. Good price.
Small and sleak to not be overly noticeable in a room. Works well with an exsisiting AC converter. Charges by simply placing your phone on top, ou don’t need to find the exact “sweet spot.”
Works great!
Pretty straight forward wireless charger from anker. The LED lights on the side blink for about 3-5 seconds once i set my phone on it. If anker ever updates this, they should consider having the LED indicator glow a certain color and remain on when charging. Me personally, I dont care either way as long as it works.
phone can vibrate off of it sometimes, but does not happen more than 30% of the time.
I bought this on a whim because I wanted to try Qi charging and it was on sale at the time. I ended up enjoying it a lot more than expected. I had read that on some chargers your phone has to be oriented on the pad just so in order to keep charging. So I tried rotating my iPhone different directions, moving a few degrees at a time. I couldn’t find any direction where it stopped charging — provided that it’s resting flat on the pad, of course. Anyway, turned out to be a great pick. You won’t go wrong with this one if you don’t know which charger to get. I am giving one to a family member for Christmas and will probably order another for my desk at work.
Another great Anker product. A+++
This turned out to be no more convenient for me than my existing charger. With the traditional charger I have to insert the charger plug into the phone port, but with this charger i have to take the phone out of  the case for it to work. Kind  of defeats the "wireless" advantage. Ultimately this was a waste of money  for me personally. There were no issues with the product itself though. I use one of those cases like a wallet with a magnetically attached case that the phone inserts into. Its this case that I have to remove to use this charger. Im not sure if all cases must be removed though.
i love the small footprint and it works great with the anger USB chargers. iPhone x and iPhone 7 with wireless pad works great. overall good anger product again. i love this company. all products (speakers, cables, chargers ) are all worth the money. Good Job Anker
So far Im pretty happy with this product. I was reading a lot of reviews on how it didnt work with your case and how you have to have the phone position just perfectly and I was reading how people think that the phone drains a lot faster. So far I havent had any of those issues. I have had to unplug and plug my charger back in so that I can charge my phone but that is it that is why its a four-star rating right now. I throw the phone on the product and my phone charges. It doesnt take a long time for it to charge and I have had no other issues. So far a good product. I have used it about 4 times now. If anything changes I will change my review.
Excellent. Perfect for bedside.
I bought 3 charger cords from 3 different stores thinking that my cord was bad. Come to find out the charging port on my Nexus 6 had broken loose of the motherboard within the phone. My phone was on battery saver for 3 days. With 10 hours left until my phone died I found this wireless charger. I ordered it and even paid for next day delivery. This was my last try before having to just buy another phone, something I didnt want to do. The charger arrived just in time, I had 12 minutes of battery left. I read the directions, plugged it in and then laid my phone down, fingers crossed. Eureka, this wireless charger is amazing. It charges quickly and the phone does not get warm at all. When the phone is fully charged, it stops charging it even if the phone remains on the charger. Thank You!
Really cool product the design and definitely worth it to buy
Love my wireless charger. I have the iPhone X, protected by an Otterbox shell. Simply lay it on the charger and the lights come on and charging begins. Seems very effective. Lights go off when charged. No issues with placement or having a protective cover. Great product, great buying experience and delivery.
Bought it for wifey and she loves it. It works even with her case on.
it works great but charges my phone very slowly if it were faster itd be amazing
These are much more convenient than I thought theyd be. I looked at wireless charging as more a gimmick. I really like the convenience of it now.
Works fine for me
i have been using this Anker PowerPort Wireless 10 for charging my iPhoneX, worked great!  i bought 2, one at my bedside, another on my office desk.  have been great so far.
Pretty good quality. I’m using this for past 4 months, so far no issues. The only con it’s charging very slow
I love Anker devices, even though this one didnt work for me cause it didnt charge my phone with the case on, it was still a good device.
Bought a few months ago and stopped working.  Customer service was excellent and sent replacement immediately and new one is working well.
Works perfectly and as expected.
This is a very quick wireless charger.  I love that I can just set my iPhone 8 plus, even in a slim case, on it and it charges.  Overheating has not been an issue as I have heard about some wireless chargers.  I blue LED indicators are a nice touch to let you know it is charging, especially at night and it is dark .  The materials seem to be quality.  This is exactly what I come to expect from Anker.
Purchased this product on March 1, 2018. After a few days of use, the charger ceased to charge my iPhone and the blue LED indicator also stopped working. Immediately contacted Anker customer service, who was prompt to answer my concerns and send a replacement charger without requiring me to send in the non functioning unit. Would definitely purchase Anker products without hesitation.
Works great, bought on daily deal for $16.00.  Using with a Samsung S9+ & S9 both are in Otter Box Defender cases.
I have this wireless charger and the RavPower wireless charger. I like this charger if you use it in a bedroom since the light flashes and goes off (doesn’t continuously flash while charging). The RavPower one has a light that stays on (I don’t like the light to stay on but it’s used in a desk area so it doesn’t matter).
Its good for the price...
No more plugging my iphone to a cord to charge! This product makes my life a whole lot easier. But there are times that I would have to place my phone on top of the charger a few times before it starts charging. Maybe because I’m using a thick Otterbox case? Who knows. Great product nontheless.
This charger is awesome! Works great for iPhone X!!! Also purchased the anker fast charge adapter and it charges really quick!
Does exactly what it’s supposed to do. Charges the phone wirelessly through an otter box with out any problems.
At first didn’t work. Was using an old iPhone charger. Switched to a  more powerful iPad charger and now it’s working great! And on top of that when I first gave it one star I heard from the company and they wanted to do whatever they could to help make it right. Great customer service! This charger works
works great, perfect to have it next to your bed as it has no led lights on while charging. It also charges really fast
Very low profile. I love how the lights illuminate for about 5 seconds or so just to let you know everythings charging, then turn off. Convenient size. Easy to throw into a bag for travel. I was able to take advantage of a price reduction and got it for $17. Works great with my iPhone 8 using a silicone case.
It works at advertised. I have a Galaxy S7 and it charges quickly
Does the job nicely and phone doesnt get too warm.
Fantastic wireless charger, Ive absolutely no complaints.
I enjoy having a wireless charger. It is super convenient to not have to pull my phone off the charger and fiddle in the dark to get it back onnin the night. My only complaint is that I do wish it would charge a bit quicker.
Love this and very easy to use.
Love this pad: good price, charges relatively fast, has a decent charge target area, and the blue lights that light up when you successfully place your phone to charge are awesome in the dark.
works really well, highly recommend this product
It is very convenient and works well.
Works great, I got a new iPhone 8 Plus and I have a pop socket on the bottom half of my phone. I do have to set it in the right spot to make it charge with my pop socket on, but when I take it off it’s way easier to set it down and go. I can’t fault it for not being able to charge at every angle with a think plastic piece in the way. 5 stars and would highly recommend
Charges as advertised but does warm up my iPhone
Works well
Bought this for my wife’s and my new iPhone X’s, and it works perfectly. Charges through the slim cases we have on them without a problem. Only “gripe” is that my wife never puts her phone on it squarely so sometimes she misses the charging coil, but that’s user error not a design flaw. It works exactly as designed and charges nice and fast!
Working perfectly with my iPhone X and with the Anker Powerport Speed 5 to provide the rapid charging. The slightly rough surface on the charger means my phone is gliding off the charging pad like it did with a cheap one that a friend gave me (that one I ended up putting a spare polishing cloth, from my glasses or from some device, over top of to keep the phone from sliding). Basically - works as advertised and I would recommend to any of my friends.
The Anker wireless charger is very helpful and reliable. In my opinion the best feature is the side leds. The charger is very compact and slim. It is over all a very good product. I recommend you buy it for all you wireless charging needs!!
This wireless charger works perfectly with my iPhone X. I set my iPhone down on my charger on my desk and it works great! However, it charges my iPhone slower than Id like, since the iPhone X is capable of fast wireless charging. I also need to be exact with the positioning of my iPhone on the pad. Sometimes I have put my iPhone on the pad in a spot I thought would allow charging, but it doesnt work. I hope that is resolved eventually with wireless charging in general. I also like how the lights do turn off after a few seconds of charging so theyre not distracting or on when Im trying to sleep. I definitely recommend this if you constantly pick your iPhone up off your desk for a few seconds and then put it down.
Very Disappointed with this Anker product.  Stopped working just after 3 months please look elsewhere for a reliable QI wireless charging pad. Update after iPhone X restart wireless pad worked.  Seems to be a problem with the phone not product.  I now recommend the product and customer service was great with communication.
Ive never been let down by any of my Anker products. I bought this for my wife to charge her phone while she sleeps and it does exactly that without issues. Theres never worry that she didnt put it in the right place for charging although the blue light glow does serve as a confirmation of correct placement.
I use this with my Samsung Galaxy S8+, and it charges my phone from dead to full in about 2 hours. I like the convenience of pulling my phone off of the charger without having to deal with cables. The charging pad flashes blue when it is first activated, then the lights go out, so its good for night time use. Its Anker, so its going to be good. The phone does get hot sometimes when its placed on the pad incorrectly, but it does not get hot with proper placement.
The wireless charging pad you need in your life.  Perfect size and the phone lays easy on it.  Has a great area that the phone will charge in unlike some other charging pads.
I spent a significant amount of time researching wireless chargers and landed on this one.  I have been using this for a short period of time with a Samsung GS7 Edge with a thin plastic case.  I couldnt be more impressed and happy with my decision.  Using the Samsung adapter with the supplied cord this charges quicker than expected.  The size surprised me as well, thinking it being smaller might become and issue with placement of the phone.  The lights on the charger arent noticeable at night either where some can light up a room.  One experience that surprised me was placing the phone back on the charger in a totally dark bedroom in the middle of the night with no problem.  Very Happy with this purchase.
Works great! Using it with a Samsung Galaxy S7 phone. Works perfectly, even with the case on, no need to remove case. Ive seen some other comments about it being sensitive as to where you place the phone on the pad, but Ive had no issues at all. Just center it on the pad an charging begins. Ive never had an instance where Ive had to move the phone, as long as it is close to center. I paired it with the Anker quick charge 3.0 power supply for wireless fast charging. (Yes, it is slower than with a quick charge cable, maybe 50% more, but not twice as long). the phone display will show, "fast charging and time to completion", as well as "wireless fast charging and time to completion." Super happy with this purchase!
Nice charging pad for my iPhone X. I like the blue LEDs to indicate it is charging, and appreciate that they "sleep" after a bit; especially since the charger is on my night stand. This would have received five stars except for two minor gripes: 1) The USB cord included with the charging pad is far too short. I have a king size bed, with an outlet centered on the wall behind the headboard, and it barely reached to the edge of my nightstand. 2) There is no USB adapter included. It doesnt need to be a quick charge adapter, but at least one that is black. The only adapters I had on-hand were the white ones from Apple that come with the iPhones. Thankfully, the outlet is behind the bed. Otherwise, my OCD would be off the charts, and I would have had to purchase a black USB adapter for everything to match.
It’s amazing!!
Slim design, and it charges my wifes Samsung S7 through an Otterbox Defender case (thats the main point I was concerned about).  Shes happy not to have to plug the micro USB cord in every night.
This charging pad does tend to slip a bit on my nightstand, which can cause my iPhone X to fall off. If you have a flatter nightstand, this shouldn’t be a problem. Fits iPhone X nicely. I love that it does a “breathing” light to indicate that charging has started, but then it turns off the light so you can sleep. Charges pretty fast, as long as you use a 2A wall adapter.
Good item. Not so fast charging, but perfect value
Lights up every time. I love this product. Highly recommended!
Reasonable price and works well, but be careful to place phone centered and make sure cables plugged in fully. If you move your phone, it may stop charging, but the lighted edge helps you know when charging initiates. It is reasonably fast (for the technology).and overall Im glad I have it. ***Note, I have updated this review. I commented that it sometimes didnt charge (apparently when moved off center of the charger), and just from my review (no complaint to company) immediately heard from the manufacturer with solutions, troubleshooting and an incredibly proactive and consumer-friendly approaches. I would but a product by this company every time as a result! I had a minor issue, and they went over-and-above to make sure even that was completely addressed. Stellar customer service! Also, I have had many other products from Anker and always have been satisfied.
Its a pretty thin wireless charger and smaller than it looks from the main photos here. For width comparison, you get about half an inch on both sides on an iPhone 8 / X. Its a great basic wireless charger for slow overnight or daytime charging where convenience (of not having to plug in) outweighs the importance of charge time. It uses micro-USB for easy compatibility with existing charge cables though it may disappoint those eager USB Type-C early adopters. Four rubber feet will limit its movement on a flat surface while a non-slip rubber-like top surface will keep a device from easily slipping/sliding. As an iPhone user, I can confirm charges speeds up to 5W on any iPhone capable or equipped with Qi wireless charging. Those looking to fast wireless charge their iPhone 8 or X up to 7.5W speeds will have look toward more costlier options elsewhere, however the differences arent worth getting. For under $15, thanks to the Black Friday sale, its a great deal compared to the others priced at least $50 and a great basic wireless charging. Maybe one day Apple will enable 10W charging through this charger in the future. Edit: Thanks to Anker CS for helping me decide on keeping this wireless charger!
Good product but the phone has to be right on the perfect spot for it to work.
I bought this in anticipation for the iPhone X release.  The charger works great and seems to charge my phone just as quickly as traditionally plugging it in.  I was taken aback by how thin this device is! It is not much thicker than the micro-USB cable you plug into the back.  The blue LED lights on the side of the device are a great visual indication that the device has made connection with your phone and begun charging. I plan on buying a few more of these for other places around the house and office.
The charger works very well with my iPhone X, provides descent charge, from 0 to 100% takes around 3 hours. The only problem with it is that it has a "hissing" sound when its plugged in, which is not noticeable daytime just is too annoying at night if you have the charger next to your bed. update: Anker customer rep contacted me and offered a new unit which works a lot quieter. Thumbs up for the customer service!
five Star Wireless Charger.
Even with the cover on it, it charge my phone!
This charging pad has been working great! I dont even take my S9+ out of my Otter Box. I even have a magnetic plate in it that I use for a mount in my vehicle and it still charges. Id recommend it! Smaller phones may not be so lucky since there wont be as much space. The magnetic plate on my phone is towards the bottom.
really useful
Cheap charger that works well. Only problem is there is no power connection... just USB
Good product
Working perfectly. No issues. Good product.
Charges very slowly and stopped working after about 3 months. Be prepared to claim warranty service through anker, which is within 18 months. The Anker service team was very quick and helpful to resolve the issue and send a replacement! Excellent brand with excellent service who stand by their products!
Great charger, works exactly as advertised. Fast charges my Galaxy S9+. The USB cable is a Standard Type A on one end and Micro USB on the other.
Wish it couldcl charge the phone upside down.
Works great
Initially I thought this was charging too slowly, but after talking to Ankers support (which is excellent) I realized I was using a weak wall unit for the USB cable. Make sure you use a powerful/fast charging wall unit!
These guys are terrific and I highly recommend them for their excellent customer service. Just recently I needed to contact Anker for a problem with my charger and they were so great with their timely response and quick turn around time with a replacement. So I am a big fan of Anker and enjoy a high level of confidence with their products. Buy many and buy often!
Sleek. Charges quickly!
Fast charge, works great
I ordered this charger for my boyfriend. He got himself the iPhone X a few months prior, but never used the wireless charging feature (I dont think he even realized this was a feature). He was very excited to receive the product and talks a lot about the convenience of being able to just set his phone down for it to charge.
if its made by anker you know its good
I love this wireless charger. Most of the time I can hit the right spot to get it to charge the first time I set it down. Only every once in a while do I have to try multiple times to get it on the right spot. If it was a little bigger I think it would be even better,  but since its so small its very easy to fit on my office desk without drawing too much attention. I like how I can keep this on my office desk and talk on the phone then immediately put it down and have it start charging.
This charger is made high quality as well as made with high quality product. Seems to work amazingly well on my galaxy 8 plus, or the new iPhone my son has! It is simple to use and as easy as setting your phone on the charging pad after plugging it in! I am very pleased with this product and will be ordering several more as this is better than any of the others I have tried.
[UPDATE] I received a replacement with no charge and no return necessary. It appears to be working fine and have no issues so far. Bought this for my girlfriend in january. Worked fine at first. It’s February now and she told me it stopped working and would get her phone hot before it broke. Would not recommend. Buy one from the Apple store or your phone carrier like the one I’m using that’s still working.
This Qi charger works perfectly, and is a nice compact size for traveling.  I bought a second one I like it so much.
No issues.  Blue leds pulse slowly when you first put you phone on the pad, then extinguish, perfect for nightstand use. Purchased with Anker Elite Dual Port 24W USB Travel Wall Charger with Powerport 2 & IQ. Charge iPhone on pad and iPad via USB together, fastest charging Ive ever had set up. Thanks again Anker for more quality products.
Works, like the blue LED lights around the rim.
Works well for wirelessly charging my iPhone X. Very nice and convenient to have.
Works for my phone (my phone has a relatively thin designer case on it) and its perfect for being small and portable to use anywhere I want it around the house and for use travelling!
Inexpensive wireless charger.  Love it
Great charger works perfect and charges the phone pretty fast
It just works.
works perfect, even with a thick cases like otterbox
Aneker makes great products.  Bought matched components, power adapter, etc. Works great, if I bring my iphone within a inch of the unit, it starts the charging.  Highly recommend this item to all.
Just set it and forget it.  Its a great charger.  I am glad Apple finally added wireless charging to the iPhones.
nice sleek design.
Works great with my iPhone 8 Plus
I have been researching many options for wireless charging an iPhone X.  Needless to say I was excited to see this offering from Anker.  I have tried a couple of other wireless chargers and have been disappointed.  That is _not_ the case with Ankers wireless charging pad.  The Anker PowerPort Wireless 10 feels very well made.  It is quite slim and doesnt take up too much room on my desk.  The top of the charger is covered with foam to prevent device slippage.  The bottom of the charger has rubberized feet to prevent the device from slipping once placed on a desk or other surface.  Blue LEDs around the edge of the device indicate charge status (refer to the included Welcome Guide for led light statuses). The wireless charger does not contain a power source so youll need to pair a fast charger with it if you want to take advantage of fast charge capabilities supported by newer devices. I have been impressed with the charging speed so far and wireless charging is definitely more convenient than tangling with a lightning cord on my desk. Overall Id say this is a great charger for an excellent price.
Very good at charging iPhone 8. Have to make sure that you place phone in the middle, or it won’t charge, but I have only had that problem once or twice in the 2 months I’ve had it.
I bought this with lightening deal. It works as expected and it looks great. I downloaded iOS 11.2 so I thought it would do "fast charge". It did not fast charge at this time. Here is the speed test. Time  Anker  12 W adoptor 0 (start)  1%  1% 15 min  10%  20% 30 min  18%  33% 45 min  26%  47% 60 min  34%  64% 75 min  42%  74% 90 min  51%  85% So it looks like it charges as fast as 5W adaptor. I only use it overnight so it does not matter for me.
Works well with the iPhone X in an apple leather case.
I bought two different Anker chargers. The first one was a 1 coil Slim Wireless Charger Black 2nd Edition (not pictured here but sells on Amazon for $18.99. I tried it overnight with an Iphone X and a Luvitt Clearview cover. It charged the phone from 30% to 77% in 8 hours, and was quite hot. The phone was being cooked by the charger. The next night I tried a PowerPort Wireless 10 wireless charger UN Black shown here. It fully charged the phone overnight and was not hot at all. I am returning the bad one, and keeping the good one. I will buy more of the good one. Disappointed that neither comes with the USB to AC plug for the wall.
*****edit #2–Anker contacted me promptly and quickly sent a replacement device that has been working well. Their customer service was excellent!!***** ***edited to say that it stopped working after one month. Very disappointing *** It works great! It was smaller than I was expecting, but manages to charge my iPhone X well, even through my otterbox symmetry clear (with designs) case. I would definitely recommend it and will probably buy another to use as a second charging station.
I like the design and how it works. Giving 4 stars because the first device I got was not working. I returned to Anker and they sent me a replacement in 2-3 weeks.
I have been using this wireless charger for the past 2-3 weeks. I really like it, except for the fact that it overheats most of the time. UPDATE: Anker sent me a new unit and have been using it ever since. So far, no issues at all. Definitely a product I recommend to all my friends with the new iPhone X.
I really like this wireless charger, its compact & reliable .. Ive had no issues using it with my iPhone X through an Apple leather case.
Bought this Anker wireless charger for my iPhone 8 plus and it has exceeded my expectations. Its compact while still providing enough surface (soft touch, so its  not slippery) to keep a such big phone secured in place. The lights are not too bright and turn off after few seconds, so it doesnt bother me at night. It takes only little longer to charge the phone than it takes with the standard 5W charger. Great product at a fair price, you cant go wrong.
Great product. I initially received a defective one and the seller quickly replaced it without question. The replacement is great. Defects happen with any product so I don’t hold it against the seller at all - their response speaks volumes and offers peace of mind...and the replacement unit works great!
Great product. Not my first Anker device and it won’t be the last. Anker products are well built and have always worked well for me.
This charges ok but when there is no phone on the device and it is idle the item emits a high pitch sound.  It sits on my desk 2.5 feet from me and the sound is very disruptive. UPDATE: received a replacement from Anker which solved the problem.  No issues w/ the replacement model.
Great charger, great price!
This wireless charger has wider tolerance placing the phone during charging and it “fast-charge” my S9 Plus to 100% from 28% battery capacity in 4hours.
It’s a good product. It works very good with my iPhone 8plus
It charges my iPhone X  little slower than I hoped it would but it is such a small device that having it sitting on my desk at work is perfect.  Wireless charging just makes things more convenient!  I’m setting my phone down anyways so why don’t just toss it on the wireless charger and forget about it.  Anyways, I really like how small this is!  I would have paid more for a wall adapter from them.
Excellent product. Excelent reception. Perfect delivery time.
Very good product. Fast charge works well with S8 Plus and easy to start charging.
This is working well with my iPhone 8 and I have a Otterbox Symmetry case on it. No problems. I like the size of it and it’s holding its spot pretty well on a wooden table. My only gripe is I bought the Anker PowerCore Fusion with it (showed often bought together) because I thought it was capable of fast charging my phone with that. It’s not. I learn that now rereading the description, but thought it sucked a little that I felt it was easy to draw that conclusion with the initial headline. You don’t need that other piece unless you have a compatable phone. I would have rather spent that money getting 2 charging pads. I’ve always found Anker products to be great quality and durable. I’m not unhappy.
Was unsure how well this would work but the price was right.  Turns out this works better than plugging my iPhone in.  Charges faster!
Sits on my work desk and works perfect. No clutter and doesnt take up much room at all. Great product!
buy it, great charger
I love the slim, minimal aesthetic of the charger. I use this to recharge my phone overnight and I like how the blue hue will “breathe” to visually confirm that my phone is charging. I am also biased to Anker products since they’ve been a great value to me, especially for the price. If you’re in the market for a wireless charging device for your bedside (or wherever you want to place this), I would recommend for you to give this a shot.
This charger is awesome!!! It works great with my IPhone X. It doesnt come with a USB Wall Charger so I just used an extra amazon on I had laying around. works great
Works very well with my iPhone 8 Plus. I’ve used this charger exclusively since day one along with my parents. Nobody has had any issues, and it is significantly less than other Qi certified charging systems.
great price. working well so far.
Excellent value for money. Compact design and charges my iPhone X fast. Plan on purchasing more for the office and home.
UPDATE!! Well unfortunately I my first mat I got wasnt working well and the folks at Anker reached out to me and determined that possibly I had a defective product. They sent me a brand new charging mat, and this one works great!! Hats off to the folks at Anker that goes to show what kind of company they are that they personally reached out to me. My new charging pad is working great!! Thanks Anker!!! Below was my old review. Well I am super bummed about this product. I was really excited to get my first wireless charger but this charger is very touchy and if you dont have the iphone x just perfect on the charging mat it wont charge. Also it seems to take along time to charge. Tired to use it for a week but I went perfect or it wont charge, takes along time to charge phone, very disappointed!!back to my original charger this just isnt working for me. Really bummed!!!!
This is another great product made by a great company (Anker). It charges fast with the fast charge adapter provided. The cord supplied is on the short side so you may want to do what I did and order a long Anker USB power cable...they sell 3, 6 and 10 foot cables. Anker makes great quality and they stand behind their products. The customer service is top notch and they are fast to replace your product if it is within their warranty policy.
Satisfied with the product!
Works much better than anticipated
Perfect size, fast charging, can’t be more satisfied!
Just got this and am loving it.  Am really surprised that it charges my iPhone 8 through the Otterbox WITHOUT removing the outer rubber layer!  Simply amazing!  Will buy another I am sure!!
It works well and charges my iphone x very quickly.
Cant go wrong with this charger!! Another Solid Product From ANKER!!!
I trust the Anker brand and took the opportunity of a low price to try out t his charger. It is a minor but convenient improvement to my lifestyle.
Works great for my iPhone 8 plus. Wireless charging is a bit slower than from the lightning cable.
Working fine with iPhone X when powered by Anker USB charger. Nothing special to report. Put phone on it and it is charge. No excess heat. No drama. Phone has to be centered on pad.
This charger worked great on my iPhone 8+ and my wifes iPhone X.  Both phones had Otterbox Defender cases on them.  Without removing the cases the Anker charger worked flawless.  Charging was probably a bit slower than using the Apple USB charger plugged into a wall outlet but, not very much.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone wishing to have the convenience of wireless charging.
Arrived quickly and is a very slim and compact charger. Purchased suggested Anker quick charge wall base. Fast charge works on our Galaxy 8+ and Note 8, but it does not fast charge at 7.5w on my IphoneX despite updates. Charging functions arent negatively affected by Otterbox Defender case, Incipio DualPro case, or RhinoShield Mod case. Downside is the charger does get dirty looking very easily. So far, I have been happy with the purchase.
I bought this as a nightstand charger for my iphoneX in an apple leather case.  It works great as a nightstand charger because I can just drop it onto the pad when Im done reading the phone at bedtime.  The blue LEDs tell me that I placed it correctly.  I plugged it into the USB charger that comes with the iphoneX.  I dont know if it fast-charges because I usually leave it there for the 5-7 hours Im asleep and it is fully charged when I wake. I also have a metal plate that I use for magnetic car mount that Ive moved to the very bottom of the phone and it works with the leather apple case and the plate at the bottom.
So nice not having to plug in device.  So convenient
It is small, but stable. I have an iPhone X and it works well. Keep in mind that you need to supply your own charger. That charger should also be higher wattage fast charging capable. The surface is non-slip. I have my phone in a LifeProof Slam case, and it charges through that fine. The usb micro cord is a little on the short side. There is a "sweet spot" in phone placement which is slightly finicky. The blue LEDs are helpful, maybe a little dim. Overall, it is built well and fits my use (I have it on my office desk)
Exactly what it said it was and recieved it quickly
I’ve never used a wireless charger before, so I don’t have anything to compare this to...but I love it! Any experience I’ve had with Anker products has always been a positive one. This is small, and does the job! I would definitely recommend.
Its nice to just set the phone down for charging.
Anker stuff is always really good.
So far the charger works great. Definitely worth money.
Worked for 2 weeks. That was it. Move along, nothing to buy here. *UPDATE* They replaced it for free. Works fine now.
Work great
Anker does it’s best always !
dont get me wrong Anker products are awesome, great quality, and I have bought a ton of their stuff, but I thought this would be bigger and not so picky when setting phone on it.  It charges well when you put phone in the perfect place, and no need to buy the charger plug as suggested... the one that comes with your phone works fine... I spent 20$ extra on a anker plug...and my Samsung that came with the phone charges faster...I probably didnt read or research product enough-- my fault..  And after this review Anker called me and went above and beyond... Great company and I will continue to buy and depend on their products, just really expected more from the pad I guess.
Works perfectly
Good quality. Works for my iPhone X
Works well. My only complaint is that it has a slight curve to it; it’s not perfectly flat.  So your phone spins and can vibrate itself off the charger.
Very nice charger, it’s fast and works just as described. One of the  Best features of this charger is how small and compact it is.
Works great with iPhone X.
great item highly satisfied, and highly recommend....
Perfect size, thin, light and LED behavior is smart.
Really happy with this charger! Its super easy to use and does the job right. It does take a long time to charge (I have the iPhone 8+), so I only use it as my overnight charger or when Im not in a hurry. That being said, the slow charge allows it to keep the phone cool. My phone isnt hot at all in the morning which is something I was worried about before ordering. Im glad its not an issue -  I can leave my phone on there for as long as I want and it stays cool. The indicator lights are nice as well and they dont stay on after the first few blinks so you dont have to worry about it keeping you up at night. Overall very happy with this product.
charger worked amazingly and it charges my phone efficiently. Im using an iPhone X so it does take a while to charge its massive battery at 5W, but this will be increased to 7.5W once Apple releases the new update. Definitely worth trying it out. Anker makes solid products and Im a huge fan of their quality. Im not sure if theyre Qi "certified," but I trust Anker products so to me thats just a marketing gimmick to get consumers to purchase the Mophie or Belkin ones sold at the apple store.
Works great so far! Use for charging over night. S8+ . Its charged up in the morning.
Worked so well that my girlfriend stole it from me and gave me her Mophie charger. It might not charge as fast, but it seems to have a much better ability to recognize the phone and start charging it. Going to buy a second one.
works nice and fast
This is a replacement for a different one that didnt work w/my phone.  This charger works great w/my Galaxy Note 8 - I love it!!!!! Thanks for all your help w/changing the product!!
I got two of them and they’re working very well (one originally was inconsistent, but Anker replaced it immediately)
I was hesitant to buy this charger for my iPhone 8 in its Lifeproof Fre case based on another review. Last night I charged it without a problem. Works great!
Worked great for awhile and I went to charge my phone today and it doesn’t work. *update* Anker sent me a new wireless charger and it’s working great I could have had a bad unit.  So far so good charges fast and works through multiple phone cases.
Simple and does the job. Great product!
Works great with my iPhone X. Just place the phone on the charger and it starts charging.
Update: Anker responded to my review by sending me a 6 ft. cord, and now it is sitting happily in my desk. It is the fastest, most convenient charger I’ve ever had. Thanks to the amazing customer service team at Anker! I like the device, and it charges fast. BUT the cable is too short to use on my desktop, which is what I bought it for. I resent having to shell out another $5-10 for a longer quick-charge 3.0 usb cable!
Great for the money
perfect for the bedside because the blue LEDs come on only long enough to indicate a good connection and then go dark so they dont disturb you through the night. And as far as I can tell charge just about as fast as the so called "fast Q1 chargers".
Fast charging on my iPhone 8; I like all their products.
I have a few of these chargers. They are very simple and work well. I just plug the USB cord directly into existing USB adapters on outlet fixtures so this worked well since it didnt come with a wall adapter I wasnt going to use anyway, reducing the cost.
Works well but you need an adapter if you want to plug into the wall.. It comes with one that plugs into a computer.
Great unit. Works really well. I also like the blue lights that confirm its charging.
I would give this Anker charger for my 8 i phone 100 stars if possible.  The outer area flashes blue lights when you set your phone on it and then after a few seconds, a sole blue light remains on. Works every time!!! I am so happy. I have bought other chargers which did not work so get this one and you will be happy too.
The charger works very well, and is perfect size for bedside table or larger spaces.  Great value for the price.
Works great on the iphone 8.
Hand down, the best wireless charger on the market, especially at that price point.
Very pleased with my Anker wirelesss charger. Nice and discrete and love the blue lights that tell me the phone is positioned correctly.
Works as promised with my Samsung Galaxy S8 Active. Seems to have some leeway in placement of the phone on the charger and the rubber-like surface keeps the phone from sliding off. The lights turn on for a second or two when you first place the phone on the charger to verify that is is charging but otherwise are off and are not distracting.
I read about this in China of all places and thought it would definitely be an easier way to charge my new phone. They said it would charge even in the folder case I have for it iso I ordered it! From the first time I put the phone on it, in its case, I heard the beep, the blue lights flashed and a short time later I got a fully charged phone. So far no complaints. I wish now that my iPad Pro could charge like this. Ever tried finding the lightning port in the darK? Then you know what I mean.
Does not work with my iphone x with a magnet mount on the case. I tested it with the case and magnet mount and it does not charge. Will charge just with the case. Wont charge with magnet mount and case. Too bad I read other reviews and thought it would work. It does not. UPDATE: Anker customer service was very prompt in fixing my concern. Customer service was excellent in resolving my issue. Provided a better understanding of the wireless charging and also assisted with any inconvenience I had encountered. Would recommend this brand because of their great customer service.
Typical great Anker product.  Charges my Note 8 and IphoneX perfectly and fast. No complaints.
perfect and so slim and i will recommend to anyone want to get wireless charge it works fine with my note 8 and iphone
Works great. Sleek and easy to use. Great item!
Update: Anker contacted me directly and made it right. They replaced my charger with an updated charger and I’ve had no issues since then. They made the process easy and hassle free! I will definitely shop Anker again. Tried it twice- first charger kept going out had to unplug replug to reset it and have it work again. Second charger overheated after 10 minutes of charging. I have an iPhone 8 which states it’s compatible with. Sending it back.
I like it. Works great
I love this charging pad so much. I wasn’t sure how effective it would be at first but I love it now. It’s very slow trickle charging if you use a non-Anker wall adapter but it works great with the Anker brand. I don’t even need to buy a newer Quick Charge wall adapter model. The charging pad is very speedy if your Anker wall adapter has at least Charge IQ tech built in
I got the charger after a different model (brand new) wasnt charging as quickly as it should. This one charges quickly and easily. The size is great as well.  No complaints. :] I have a Samsung s7 edge btw.
It definitely does what its supposed to do. I have a Galaxy S8 Plus. I leave it on the charger overnight, and providing I didnt bump the phone off of it, its fully charged. I love how small/thin it is too, and the LED indicator light is dimmed nicely
Exactly what I was hoping for. I use an iPhone 8. Just plop it on the charger and it starts charging. Super easy.
Light weight, no power brick you’ll need one I bought an Anker PowerPort 2 24W it should be good enough other than this the wireless pad has nice blue led lights around it when phone starts to charge, great size platform flat and thin.
This thing works great. It charges kinda slow, but it works for me because I just put my phone on it overnight. In the morning its ready to go.
I love this charger.  First of all, its tiny-- less than three inches across.  Its completely hidden by my iPhone 8 Plus.  Thats neither good nor bad, just an observation.  I set the phone on it and it immediately starts to charge.  Little blue LEDs light up around the edges when charging.  It charges right through my Apple leather case with no problem.  I cant tell you how fast it will completely charge, because my phone just never gets very low (and I havent actually timed it), but it is faster than I thought it would be going from half a charge to full.  It has a kind of rubbery top that prevents slippage of the phone.  The cable that comes with it is a bit short, so I replaced it with an Amazon basics mini-USB cord.  This is well worth the price and is just very cool.
For the price, I’d say this product is well worth it. While there are some cons, (mostly the fact that it can charge very slowly at times) this product is a worthy purchase. I have the iPhone 8+ (which is probably partially responsible for the long charge times) and it works wonders. When I am cooking, it’s nice to not have to worry about my phone charger getting caught up in the wires for my stereo, and it is wonderful and easy to pick up the phone when someone calls. Instead of having to fumble with the charging cable, and potentially losing a call, I can pick my phone up and boom! Now I’m on the phone. And as soon as my call is done, I place it back on the charger and it’s going again. Which is helpful when cooking delicate things that require perfect timing.
Works great! I picked this up because I just got an iPhone 8 Plus and I wanted to keep my Lightning port free when possible. I was concerned initially because I had seen some reviews about the charger not working with cases on and I just got an Otterbox Commuter case.  I’ve purchased Anker products a lot in the past and they’re the most trusted 3rd party maker of Apple-compatible products I’ve used so I knew I would be getting quality.  I just tried out the charger and it works great with the case on. It was a lot smaller than I thought it would be also. The only negative thing I have to say is that the Micro USB cable is really short. I wish it was 6 feet. I think it’s only 3ft.  Five Stars!
Works great even with the case on!
Returned my Samsung fast charger for this.  This is sleek, slim, and the lights arent too bright for the nightstand.  Easily recommend!
Bought this and and am now using it to charge my iPhone X. I plugged it into my Anker 5-USB port charger for power.  It charges the phone fully, is completely unobtrusive, and the phone doesnt even get very warm while charging, which is a big plus in my book.  Blue LED indicators on the mat itself turn off when the iPhone X is fully charged, but looks like the phone still draws a little bit of current to keep the battery topped off. If youre looking for a wireless charging mat for your new iPhone, I recommend this one.
It charges quick for a wireless charger and stops charging when the device is full. Fast shipping too.
I’ve been using this charger with my iPhone X for about a week now, and couldn’t be happier. It has some rubberized elements on the charging pad, so the phone stays put when placed on it. The charger has a series of blue LEDs that light up for about 5 seconds when the phone has the correct contact, so there’s no question that you’re getting a charge. After this 5 second or so period, the charger remains dark, so I’ve had no issues having it on my nightstand while I sleep. Highly recommended.
Good product!
Real good
Good product delivered quickly. Very Happy
Works great with my iPhone X and also surprisingly charges my Apple Watch series 3 LTE. I had read that the Apple Watch can be touchy when it comes to wireless chargers so I figured I’d share that this charger works with mine.
Keep it beside my bed. Work perfect on iPhone X
Good product at reasonable price. Didn’t rate five stars as my iPhone 8 keeps sliding off the charging pad at night. The case I have for the iPhone will not let it charge wirelessly through the case. I have to take phone out of case to charge it. When I do that, due to the smoothness of the back of the iPhone, it keeps sliding off the charging pad. I should have did more research on iPhone cases I guess. I originally rated this item a three star due to compatibility issues and not with the functionality of item. Compatibility issues were mainly due to my lack of research. This is where I was overly impressed with AnkerDirect’s customer service. They contacted me after reading my above review and are replacing my purchase with an upgraded charger. Who does that now days? This company is 5 STAR for sure!
The product looks and works as expected. My only suggestion is to find a way to let me easily line up my phone correctly on it, and make the blue lights dimmable or let me toggle it off.
I had a coupon for $5 off, making this a no-brainer. I have used other wireless chargers that were hard to get my phone to sit correctly on the charger to get any fast charge. This one is different. Almost everytime I put my phone on it, and it begins charging right away. For the money, this is the perfect wireless charger. You wont go wrong with this charger. And, for this price, you can buy two.
Great quality, great customer service
Use it to power my iPhone X every night
Although smaller than I envisioned, this charger is working fine.  I have not experienced any "touchiness" on placement of the iPhone or the Samsung Galaxy 6.  While there is no "wall wart" included, I had plenty and they served the cause.
I love this charger! It barely takes and space on my desk, has cool lights that indicate charging/charged and charges through my thin plastic phone case! No complaints here!
Didnt fast charge but that could just be my plug
Worked decently well, though problems with centering the phone on the pad can be annoying. Stopped working properly after a bit under a year. Edit: I contacted customer service and they sent me a new upgraded model of the charging cradle which works great. I love Ankers customer service and warranty. No risk in buying from them.
So far no issues :)
Works great with all my Samsung phones.  It charged my S6 phones at high speed and it charges the S9s at fast charge speed (3.0) too.  I am very satisfied with this wireless charger.  As usual, Anker delivers what it promised.
Works just a described.  It even charges my IPhone without having to remove the phone from its case.
Excelent product. Works as described
Excellent
Needs the sweet spot to work
As always, exceptional product from Anker!!!
Works well with iPhone 8 and iPhoneX
Love it. Works great
This charger is super convenient to use!! Way less the Apple product works just the same. I’ve been using since day one of my Apple X
To be clear, I use this with my iPhone 8 as an overnight charger. But Ive been incredibly impressed with it. It actually charges with my case on (Apple brand leather) and I have been waking up with a full charge. I was fully-prepared to remove the case before charging, but I am pretty jazzed that I dont have to.
I have purchased a few wireless charging pads now, since I bought an iPhone 8. However, they all have claimed to be able to charge "quickly" and I just havent had any luck with that. The Anker Charging Pad chargers more than 3 times faster than the three other highly rated brands I have tried. Really love this pad and I have no complaints.
This product is great for the iPhone 8. Especially because you can now charge your phone AND take calls at the same time with your headphones in (otherwise they are the same port). Also - important to note that this DOES charge my phone when I have the case on. I saw a few reviews that it didnt and was worried, but it works perfectly with my case on.
You can toss your phone and it will work on very ample angles. Light is ok to let you know is charging and then disappears, perfect for bedside so that it wont disturb.
very inexpensive and work just like the the expensive charger at apple store
Does just what it says it will.
I looked at all chargers and was confused because they all had good and bad reviews. This charger for the price you can’t go wrong it works on my iPhone x with no issues at all  and I have a under armor case in it . I don’t know who gives these reviews but it works fine for me .  Hope this helps
This thing is amazing! Charges my note 8 so fast. And the ultra compact design fits into any decor. Definitely recommend.
Gifted this to my mom after she bought her iPhone X. I ended up getting two for Christmas. This is so easy, yet affordable for charging my iPhone X. I like the reassuring pulsing blue light that ensures that you put the phone over the sweet spot of the charger. If the picture makes it appear large, this is not the case. It is actually very small and comes in a small box. Like all other Anker products I have purchased, it works wells and was affordable.
Excellent product
I’ve had this product since Jan 17, 2018. It is now Feb 2, 2018 and it works great. Fast charging and recognizes my phone to charge even through a wallet case that I’ve put on it. So far, so good.
I bought this for my iPhone X and it works like a charm. Ive seen people have problems with some chargers where they have to orient the phone in a very specific way to get it charge, but that hasnt been a problem with the Anker charger. Ive had no problems with getting my phone aligned and it charges as soon as I put it down. Another plus for me is that the light does not stay on while its charging. Initially when you put the phone down the light will blink to show its working, but after a little bit of time it will stop.
Anker rocks with every product they make.  When buying cords, chargers, or battery packs, I only buy Anker!
Works awesome with iPhone X and case. Also indicates when it’s got a good connection and when it has a bad one, nice to know in the dark.
If you’re debating about getting a wireless charger, get one.  It’s supse convenient to put your iPhone on a pad versus having to connect a lightning cord. I didn’t want to pay a premium, but didn’t want to get a cheap charger.  So I got this one because it’s from a brand I trust. So far, so good.  The cord it comes with is a little short, but we had a micro USB that was sitting around that’s longer.  The charging pad works perfectly fine.  It seems to be true that it doesnt charge as fast, but if you’re charging overnight, or in the kitchen to conveniently charge a phone while you’re cooking, it works fine with iPhone X. Im happy with it so far and will update this post if anything changes!
Works great!
I was surprised on how thin this charger is. Perfect for my night table so I no longer need to fumble around trying to connect a cable in the dark.
This charger is awesome, I have zero complaints. Its perfect for overnight charging, I know some people want that fast charging but that involves extra costly accessories. On its own with my Apple cube to plug into gets the job done. As far as phone cases I have the OtterBox slim case, its not crazy thick but its not really that slim, and my iPhone 8 plus still charges with no problems.
great
These are great.  We have two iPhone Xs and bought two of these for the bedside and they work great.  They are nice and wide, but very thin so its not as easy to knock them off in the morning as some of the taller and smaller chargers.  The top is soft enough that I dont fear placing it in the dark and scratching the back of the phone.  The lights only pulse briefly when you place the phone on the charger so you dont have an LED shining in the dark at night which is a great consideration on Ankers part.  We will likely end up buying more of these at some point for other places in the house just for convenience.
Forget over paying for a wireless charger from Apple.  For way less and get better power output, this is your best bet.  Anker is awesome for chargers and this little guy rocks!  It’s so thin and WAY smaller than what you expect.  But this is awesome!
Great Charger. -Charges fast -No problem with the phone’s position
These are excellent. They arent fast, but they work. Great for bedside table and overnight charging.
Bought this for a friend - so not a lot of hands on time personally.  However, they have stated that they love the charger.  Very minimalistic and doesn’t take up too much space on the night stand.  The top of the pad is skid resistant and soft enough so as not to scratch the back of the phone.  Charging is solid with minimal, if any, heat production.  Anker is definitely becoming a “go-to” name in electronic accessories!
Very nice wireless charger. It is really small and thin. Blue lights pulsate when you put your phone on it, but go out after a few seconds.  The only thing I would change is to make the feet out of a stickier rubber. It is so light that the weight of the cord can move it.
Got two of these. They work great. Small profile, lights turn on to signify charging is working and promptly turn off so you dont have lights bothering you in the dark. Bottom and top surface have a nice texture. Works through phone cases that I have.
I couldnt use this without having to remove my phone case so its not very practical in that sense, but it works with my husbands phone (with case on). It definitely does not charge rapidly, though! * Anker contacted me about this review and sent a replacement charger. The new one is a bit different so I am not 100% sure I am still reviewing this exact product, but the replacement does charge my phone with the case on now though still does not charge any more rapidly than my OEM Apple charger. Gave one extra star for the customer service.
This is my second wireless pad, the first being an Anker PowerPort Wireless 5.  The Wireless 10 is another example of solid Anker quality.  The Wireless 10 works equally as well as the Wireless 5, so far as I can tell.  We use the 10 frequently with phones going onto and off the pad and never a hiccup.  The main difference to me is aesthetics.  The Wireless 5 is totally understated which I really like.  The Wireless 10 is more squarish and adds a whole bunch of blue LEDs in a plastic ring around the base, which granted, only stay lit for a bit while you are establishing positive charging contact.  Bottom line it works great, is reliable, and looks nice.
Great. Works fantastic no wires!
Great charger for iPhone X. My big question was do this lights stay on all the time? Happily the answer is no, just when the device is placed and begins to charge. Typical excellent quality I have come to expect from Anker. My only complain about them is that they sometimes dont ship to Australia.
Love Anker products, been using them for 3 years and cant recommend them more. Really like the size of this charger and the finish to it. The blue lights that it has are pretty suttle and just turn on when connecting the charge and for 3 seconds when a phone is placed, then they go off. Combine with a QC 3.0 Anker charger this thing is awesome. Pros: - Small - Good Looking - Fast Wireless Charging Capable Cons: - QC 3.0 Wall brick is sold separately
My wife really likes this.  We have several Anker products and we like them all, this one is no exception.
This is such a fantastic device. The lights make i easy to know I have placed it correctly on the base. so handy and well put together.
makes your phone really hot... <Edited> 2 stars -> 4 stars ( I would give 5 stars for customer service but because the product was defective,  I have to give it a 4 star.) After speaking to the customer service representative, I was able to get a refund and they are very accomodating!  Thumbs up for your customer service ANKER!
I purchased this (during a Lightning Deal) to sit on my bedside table so that, if I want or need to use my device, I can pick it up without worrying about tugging wires, etc and potentially causing damage. So far, the PowerPort has provided exactly as I hoped. Its easy to position the device (even only by feel), the size isnt gaudy, device doesnt slide off (at least as of yet) during notifications or calls, and charges my device nearly as fast as a wired connection -- About 3.5 hours versus about 3 hours for a full charge. Im using an iPhone X with and an Apple 10W USB-AC brick.
This is even slower than a normal 5 watt charger, so B for effort! :\
Works great.
Works great. As described.
Works great! The only down side is you have to perfectly place your phone on it for it to work but that seems to be the case with all of these charges.
Amazing Wireless Charger! 1. Wireless Charging 2. Compact 3. Only charge at 5w for iphone 8 plus 4. Useful
Perfect for the iPhone X. Does not get too warm.
Doesn’t come with a block to plug in the the usb, but it’s simple to use. Literally sit your phone on it once you get it plugged it
Anker is the best !!!
Works perfect. I use it with a life proof case on an iPhone 8 Plus and it charges without any problems. Even when using an iPad plug adapter, it doesn’t charge as fast as plugging it into the charge port, however it works great for an overnight charge. Allows me to charge and listen to headphones at the same time.
There are a lot of choices and a lot of iffy reviews which made me a bit leery to risk my money and time. But this charger works very well. Seller is top notch too. I have a plastic-ish case which does not interfere at all. Instant connection and fast charging, with a good wall socket adapter.
its better than my samsung pad. dang it samsung...
Anker wireless charger works Great!!! This is how a charging pad should work, it has totally replaced a far inferior charger by another company. I definitely would buy the Anker wireless charger again!
this is the first time i use a wireless charger so great so light  it’s not charging so fast but I like it’s quality and love the lights are use it really for the car got great size
Anker always the best I love all there products quality
It’s so great that I never get to use it. My girlfriend has claimed it as her own.
Only a witch could make a device like this. Be warned, this is some spooky stuff
I bought this for my wife for Christmas 2017 and it is amazing. I love Anker and their products, but I was worried thinking that this wireless charger was going to require my wife to remove her phone from the case every night. But, 2 cases later and it charges each time. Im sure there are some cases that it wont work with but we havent experienced that yet.
Works well even with phone case on. But phone has to be on charger just right to charge.
Excellent company and customer service. Had a little inconvenience with the product, but they handled my issue promptly. Working in the service industry for many years, I value this greatly. Electronics will sometimes be faulty - that’s just how it is. I measure a company by how they handle issues, and Anker earned my loyalty for life!
Works like a charm 
Great little compact charger  works great
The best wireless charger I ever had !!!! Good charging and fast ! Look beautiful !
Just what our son wanted. Great product.
fast charging everytime.
So far so good - I just wish the cord was longer.
Slim compact and nice looking. Led is a nice touch. Charges at the usual speed for this type of pad. Would buy again
I love Anker products. I have them all over the place in the house. This was easy to set up and is best used with the Quick Charge 3.0 Anker 18W USB Wall Charger. Two reasons this one isnt 5 starts. First, the cable that comes with it is way to short. Second, I bought this to use with the new iPhone 10. The trouble is, both the phone and this charger have very smooth surfaces, so the phone easily slides out of position unless its put against something else. As of this review, Apple hasnt released an iOS update for fast (7.5W) wireless charging, so I cant speak to that for the iPhone 10 and this pad specifically.
I had my Samsung galaxy s8 for awhile now and I almost forgot it had wireless charging. I use a tpu case thats medium thin and it had no problem charging wirelessly! I am not a fan of thick cases so thats no problem for me. It charges faster than I thought, the only thing you gotta get used to is the sweet spot I guess. Mine is pretty easy to find, the wireless charger itself seems very high quality, like what you would expect from anker. I wouldnt get another brand other than anker, especially with their AWESOME WARRANTY. Dont buy the overpriced samsung ones, get the anker one that you know will stand by their warranty
First off, I cant believe how small and thin this charger is. It looks a bit bulky and cheap in the photos, but is much more compact and elegant in person. I love using a magnet mount in my car and my biggest concern with wireless charging for my iPhone X was that the metal plate you place inside the case would prevent wireless charging. Im happy to report that my iPhone X is charging fine through the Apple leather case which has a circular metal plate attached. By using a circular metal plate (Spigen magnet mount) and moving the plate to the very top of the case next to the camera, there does not appear to be any interference with the wireless charger. Placement on the charger is also very forgiving - you dont need to have the phone dead center to charge. I was also concerned that having the magnet at the top of the case would be a problem for the magnet mount, but that has not been a problem either - the phone stays firmly attached. Very happy!!!
Works great with my iPhone X, even through the caseology parallax case I have on it!
10/10 very easy to use (iphonex)
Perfect
I am loving this Wireless charger so far. It chargers my iPhone X perfectly and just as fast if I were to charge it with the cable. The blue LED looks awesome in my opinion, but you do not have to worry about it bothering you at night since it only lights up when you first put down the phone to let you know its charging.
good design
It works perfectly with my iPhone 8 with otterbox symmetry case. What more could I want?
Anker has always impressed me with the quality of each product that they produce. I purchased this charged along with to support fast charging over Qi Wireless charging. I can say that this has rapidly increased the charging time from my traditional charging. The device is very thin, but is very effective. The simplistic design allows my iPhone X to sit on top of the pad, without it sliding off, due to the grip of the device.
UPDATE: The company contacted me and they were very helpful. They told me how to fix the problem and now the charger works as expected. I am very happy with the outcome and will continue to buy Anker products in the future. This is my first wireless charger and it is ridiculously slow. I don’t know if it’s done on purpose so you buy the accessory to make it charge “faster”. My phone was on the charger for 10 minutes and the bar did not go up 1 percent. I’m very disappointed since I’ve had anker products before and been very satisfied.
This is a great charger for the new iPhone 8/8+/X. When paired with a 10 or higher watt adapter this charges your phone pretty quick. Great option to save the power port on the phone from being damaged, which is common. The stance is pretty small, the look at feel is great with a little soft grip on the top. Blue lights help with knowing whether the phone is sitting properly, avoiding waking up with an empty phone. I think this is small enough to throw in a bag for traveling. The only downside is having to buy a separate adapter, but its worth it
Anker does it again with a great product.  I am a strong believer and constantly preach to others to head to Anker as one of the leaders in phone accessories.  Great prices, outstanding customer service.  Best of all, a product that they stand behind because of excellent quality.
I like this charger alot.... theirs my review.
Awesome charger! Bought this for my samsung s7 and works better than I expected. My phone has a spigen protective case, and charger has no problems charging it. The charger also does not leave the phone overheated.
Love this wireless charger.  I have several Anker products (power bank, wall charger, car charger) and they have all performed flawlessly... so I chose this on the basis of the name and my experience.  Charged an iPhone X without removing the "rugged" Zizo Bolt case and a Samsung S8 - again without removing the case. Cant say enough good things about Anker.  I did get this on a "lightning deal" but its worth the full price.
great product, highly recommend it
works perfect - have gifted them as well
Returning: Hard time finding signal on S8+. When it finally does it isnt nearly as fast as my Samsung wireless charger. Disappointed, as this is the first Anker product purchased that doesnt live up to its description or reviews. Update: Anker customer service reached out and provided me a replacement that works just as good as my Samsung product. I mustve received a faulty product. It happens. I would recommend this product.
Great product! Easy to setup, charges fast! Just make sure to also purchase a USB adapter to plug into the wall. The larger Ipad ones allow for faster charging!
Working fine.
A+
Not sure if its my phone or the charger but its hit or miss on weather or not It will work...
Works great! I keep it next to my bed so I don’t have to search for a cord at night when I’m ready to charge my phone overnight.
Updated 02/09/2018: Anker contacted me the next day after my 1st review. They sent me another charger which works great. So maybe I just happened to get a bad one. The new charger works through my clear case. The speed is fast. 4 stars for the charger since it looks kinda small to me, but 6 stars for Anker’s great customer service. This is why I always come back to this brand for small gadgets! 02/02/2018  I’m always a big fan of Anker but this really disappointed me. I bought it for charging my new IPhone X and all it could was charged for 30min then stop. I have to reposition my phone at least 5 times so that it continued to charge. It took 4 hours to charge from 32% to 84% (not even fully 100%). I’m using Spigen clear case.
Works flawlessly and I like the low profile. Liked it so much I bought a second one for the wife, definitely recommend this product and way cheaper than buying at the Verizon or apple stores
5 stars it works great.
I bought this for my girlfriends night stand. Before she would plug her phone in, check it at night, it’d snag on the stand, and fall under the bed. Now she simply puts it back in the charger without those issues. Make sure you get a 10w usb plug so you can take advantage of the fast charging. Also, the blue leds can be bright. They only light up to show you it’s charging and turn off after 5-10 seconds. Still kind of bright in the middle of the night. Not a deal breaker to me since in going to install it into the nightstand. Others however it’ll annoy in a darkened room.
Love this charger! Charges quickly and efficiently without having to plug into the phone.
I love this thing! Reduces the chances of destroying the usb port
I like the item because it is slim and it is suitable for my iPhone X
This is a nice little quick charger. Very slim and seems to be built good with a firm connection. Very light. Now I actually bought this to put in my truck and modify it for fitment.  After modification and fitment is still works fine.  Now will see how long it lasts.
Nicely built and work with my iphone x perfectly.
Works great!
got this for my son great product
Chargers fast. Great price
Excelenet
I love it so does my phone
I recommend it to people who got an office,,  They very responsive
Works perfectly!
I got this as a christmas gift for my sister who had just gotten a new iphone 8.  She loves it.  it sits on her desk at work and charges the phone right through her otterbox commuter phone case without having to take the case off.  Anker products continue to impress.
Works well and is a stylish addition to my desk. My only complaint is that it does charge quite slowly, probably 25% slower than a direct cable but that is probably just the price you pay for wireless charging.
Works well, blue lights are a bit too bright for my taste, especially since its on my nightstand, but luckily it only flashes for a few seconds to let you know its charging and turns off. Charges my iPhone 8 with the iPad 12w wall wart in just about an hour and a half.
Works great, a little slow to charge, but if all youre doing is sitting at your computer; it does the job. I love the on light that tells you that you have set your phone on it in the proper place.
Great product and price.
Charges fast. Does not come with Plug for wall. But we all have at least 10 floating around our house anyways so that was no biggie.
Works great with IPhone 8 Plus and Spigen Neo Hybrid case.  Also works with my S7, but I have to plug it into a blue fast charger usb slot.  Using Anker power port IQ3 as power source.  Charges phones faster than I expected with this combo.  I bought 3 of these.
This is working great.  Easy to charge my Iphone X.
Works much better than my "official" Samsung charging pad, have had NO issues!
Excellent design and manufacturing quality. Wouldnt expect anything less from Anker. Works flawlessly with my Samsung Galaxy S8, you dont need to worry about precise positioning when you set the device down. Itll charge almost anywhere on the pad. One or two small issues: No AC adapter included in package Doesnt support Samsung fast charging Other than those two small concerns, both of which are easily overcome, this is a tremendous product.
Love how compact this wireless charger is. I keep it on my desk at work so its convenient anytime I want to give my phone anboost throughout the day. Doesnt come with a wall plug, just a USB cable, which may be a problem for some. The great thing is that its able to charge my Samsung Galaxy S8+ with the case still on it.
works great for me ...
This is a convenient charger I keep on the kitchen counter. Whenever Im making dinner, or if I just get home from work, its easy to just drop the phone right there and top it up. Works on my iPhone X and my wifes iPhone 8.
Works nicely for my iPhone X, had a survivor case fitted and some expensive brand wireless charger out there won’t charge, this one works for me. I tried other cheaper sub $10 version works too but feels that Anker being a better brand would have more trust in their product. A tad more expensive but piece of mind using it compared to the sub $10 type which gets really warm
Works as advertised. Well constructed. Superb, responsive customer service (needed cable replacement)
Didnt work with my iPhone X. Anker customer service sent me an Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad instead which works quite well with my iPhone.
The pad is very small and lightweight. The bright lights add a unique touch. The downside is it does not come with a wall plug. The basic ones will not do, you will need to purchase a fast charge plug if you want to make the most use of your pad.
excellent slow cordless charger
I had read reviews stating it finicky but I just place my phone anywhere on it and it charges just fine.
Love the blue lights that flash a few times to confirm that your device is charging.
Charges kinda slow but it’s convenient times I just want to put my phone down and chill
Works for my note 5 with a case on the phone. I don’t think it has the power to fast charge at max 9volts. The Samsung fast charger is 12 volts.
Works on my iphone8, Ive put two in the house. Love them.
Quality is excellent especially for its cheap price. Fast charging is only supported in android phone.
As expected, anker is great, able to charge my phone with my spigen case on and super easy to set up.
too small. i put my iphone 8 plus on it and i cant see it so i cant even really tell its charging unless i look for the charging icon on my phone. wish it was wider so i can see the light right away. update: anker sent me a different model after seeing this original post. didnt expect them to reach out to me, but i was surprised. they offered me another model and i am very happy w that new model. its the standing wireless charger. i give them a 5 star for their customer service. thanks again! i really do like the standing charger model because the charging light is easy to see, but not super bright that it bothers me. ill get some for my coworkers and family member soon! thanks again!
Works fine. Even inside S8+ thickest Otterbox.
These havecworjed so well that i now give them as gifts
It works great but you really have to get the phone positioned right.
Its good.
Not sure if it’s my phone case or the pad on this charger but there’s marks on the top of the pad. It happened after maybe the first two times I used it. It gets the job done and it even survived my car chewing on the cord (for now). Next time I’ll splurge for an auto shut off.
Just upgraded and figured Id give the Qi charging a shot. Picked up a Samsung branded charger from a colleague and gave it a shot. My phone had to be placed just so every time I put it down in order for it to charge. This got old pretty quickly so I read a few reviews and decided on this one. Arrived super quickly and works MUCH better than the Samsung. Love it!
Super thin and works perfect with my LG v35 thinq
Worked perfectly out of the box.  Fast charge.  At half the cost versus the AT&T store.
I really like this charger.  Kudos to Anker for once again coming through with an inexpensive but quality device.  It looks good, it just works, and holy cow is it small!  Smaller than the drink coaster that sits near it on my desk.  Its a thin, unobtrusive little puck. Its too bad it doesnt include a wall plug, because Anker makes good chargers, but for this price point (especially if you get it on a discount, which they seem to offer with some regularity) its a good value.  It does at least include a 3 foot long cable of good construction. Positioning is going to be more critical than other, larger charging pads or stands.  My old Tylt Vu has a large charge pad and you can basically drop a phone anywhere — even sideways or upside down — and "it just works".  This one is a little more finicky, but not so much as to be frustrating.  Ive had good charging results with devices oriented N-S and E-W on the pad.  This is good, as it allows me to position the pad with the cable coming off the side of my desk while placing my phone oriented where I can see it clearly when notifications come in. So far Ive tested this with three different Android phones: A Galaxy S8, an HTC Droid DNA and a Motorola Droid Turbo, all with smaller cases on them.  All charged with no issues on the pad, with the Samsung charging noticeably faster than the old 5 watt Vu, but still slower than direct QuickCharge 3.0 cable charging.  To my surprise, the 10 watt charger with the S8 is fast enough for me to render the need for occasional cabled-charging moot.  Its just fast enough to be my primary charging method now. Last but not least, the charging indication lights that line the thin edge are mercifully unobtrusive.  They pulse gently for about 10 seconds before fading off.  It wont wake me up in the middle of the night with a discos worth of flashing lights. Perhaps the biggest strike against this particular Anker charging pad is the fact that they recently released a 10 watt all-new charging stand that is twice the price of this BUT includes a QC 3.0 plug.  I prefer the stand style over the pad because it angles the phone for easiest viewing, but this was a "right price at the right time" impulse purchase so Im still happy with it.  But if youre new to Qi wireless charging, you may want to search for that newer model and see if it might work better for your needs.
UPDATE: Anker reached out to to me the day I posted my original review. They did a bit of trouble shooting and then sent me a new charging pad. The new one has been perfect from day one (it has been about a week now). I must have got a bad one, these things happen. If yours doesnt work right off the bat, dont just hope it will get better, reach out to Anker. Customer service is 10 stars! Original review: This worked about 25% of the time. Which means multiple times a week I would wake up to an almost dead phone. Luckily, I delayed taking action and now my return window just closed. This is the only disappointing Anker product I have purchased, so I kept hoping it was going to magically get better. It did not.
Received a charger meant for a Android, seller promptly replaced it with one for my iPhone and it works much better now.  Keep  in mind this must be plugged into the wall and not in a USB port to work optimally.
This PowerPort pad is perfect, worth every pennny! No second questioning if I did or didn’t want this, this is exactly what my husband and I where looking for
Changed my review. After writing the first review,  Anker promptly responded and replaced the one I originally bought. Great company. Even better customer service. Highly recommend
This changed the phone through the otter box case.  Use the higher watt plug. The dinky 3 watt plug fir iPhone takes forever.  The bigger plug for iPad charged it fast.  Heat up a bit though
Charges my iPhone 8 faster than regular lightening cable. It’s super thin and overall a great value.
Works as advertised.  Like the side lights that indicate charging is happening.  Like all other Anker products I have purchased, this one is built well and works well.
Seems very well built.  Low profile and subtle, which is good since it sits on my bedside table.  Nothing fancy... just works!
Update: after my honest review, A representative from the Anker company contacted me in reference to this product. They sent me a replacement free of charge. This one is working great so far! Hopefully I don’t have the same issues, only time will tell. Amazing customer service Anker!!! Satisfied consumer here! Great product...too bad that it is already non functional. The female jack on the wireless charger no longer contacts the male jack on the cord...didn’t even last 1 month... the cord was never removed from the jack except once. Apparently that was all it took
I bought 2 of these Wireless chargers. One worked and the other stopped working after 5-10 minutes. I contacted Anker support and they quickly responded to my queries and sent me a replacement charger. Both chargers are working fine now for over a week. Wireless chargers are so convenient. Once you use a wireless chargers, you will not like going back to wired chargers.
I just received it and immediately started using  it. Works well for both my Samsung S6 Edge and S8 and I dont have to remove the phone from the case!  Of course, I do not have heavy armored or credit card carrying cases. They are both only about 2-3 mm.thick. It does take some effort to properly place it on the pad (thats only four stars) but once it on there, it works fine. I just wish it was fast charging. It is the best solution to my power chord issues.
I ordered the smaller, hocky puck style charger and kept having problems getting my phone in the right position to start charging.  Anker sent me this one as a courtesy and it works great.
Another update 03/19/18: Received the replacement last week, and this time it seemed to charge my iphone X. The charging time was slower than I expected though. Updated: Customer Service reached out and offered to send a new product for reevaluation. I’m giving them 4 stars for their effort. Will post another update once I’ve received it. Hopefully the new one will work as it’s supposed to. —- It worked great at first, but it stopped charging my iphone X after just a day.
Love the fact that don’t need wires to charge also very fast shipping thank you
Nice and small. Used to charge my wifes iPhone 8 Plus. Anker continues to impress with quality products that do what they are intended to do. When I am in doubt about purchasing electronics and Anker is an option, its a no brainer.
When I first tried charging a Galaxy 7S Edge I kept getting the message that the charging was paused. However I then swapped out the adapter that came with my phone for a different adapter and the charging pad worked great. It is very thin and super easy to use.
this product is awesome I was always skeptical but after buying this I decided to buy 2 more for my wife and daughter cause it worked so good!
Slim compact design. Charges my S8 with a UAG case on. The convenience of wireless charging is worth the cost of this charger.
The one I got is great , but I ordered two
Great product, good pricing and very fast delivery. Im more than satisfied with this company and their products and I do really recommend this companys products to anyone.
I like it and a lot better in price than the stores for similar items they want $50
After reading the various reviews, I used this charger for a full week prior to deciding to write a review.  Thus far, it is perfect!  It is very thin and small, so it takes up very little space.  Easy to use, just set the phone on it, the blue light shows it is charging and then goes off.  I have it plugged into the Apple adapter and have not had any issues.  I only use it overnight so I cannot speak to the speed of charging, but the phone is always fully charged in the morning. I would definitely recommend!
Charger works nicely, though it seems a bit "picky" about phone placement. If its even a little off-center, it doesnt like to connect. I have it next to my bed for overnight charging, where I used to plug in my phone directly. Im not quite sure how it could possible that the charger itself is responsible for this, but my phone doesnt seem to retain the charge throughout the day nearly as well. When I went back to wired charging, the phone had a strong battery all day. Potentially just fall-out from wireless charging in general, not specific to this charger, but Im not sure.
Great customer service. Would definitely buy their products again as they stand behind the quality control.
I love it!fast charging better than few other wireless charger that I’ve bought.
I purchased this charger because Im kind of lazy and didnt want to have to fiddle with plugging in my phone at night when Im sleepy (first world problem, right?) My goal was to have a charger that charged my phone relatively fast WITH my case... Which is a Urban Armor gear case. After reading the reviews and questions regarding if the charger would work with a case or not, I really didnt have a clear answer either way. So I purchased it anyway and hoped for the best. I can say that YES, with my S7 and my UAG case, my phone fast charges wirelessly! If you notice in the pictures I have attached, you can see it is charging with the case. I was also curious about the actual charging speed. So I used my trusty USB tester to see how it charged. Note: I used the OEM Samsung Adaptive Charger AND a Anker 4 port charger with one Q.C. 3.0 USB. The results are very interesting and good for Samsung and Anker. ** Note, these number fluctuate very slightly (0.01-0.05) as the readings are being made. ** ** Charging cable was the supplied cable from Anker that came with the charger. ** Wireless charge: OEM Samsung - 8.91V, 1.30A Anker - 8.30A, 1.32A Next up, I wanted to see what the charge was without the wireless charger, just a normal wall charger. OEM Samsung - 8.97V, 1.60A Anker - 8.78V, 1.60A Please reference the pictures for the actual readouts. Overall, I am very satisfied with the charger! I had no issue finding the "sweet spot" for charging. I simply placed the phone (middle section) on the middle of the charging pad. It lit up instantly and away we go! I doubt I will have any issue with longevity of the charger, but Ankers customer service is some of the best so if there is a problem, I am confident the issue will be handled well. Id like to add that I purchased this item and this review is no way sponsored by Anker (though Id love it if it was!) USB Tester Anker 4 Port charger with Q.C. 3.0 USB S7 Urban Armor Gear case
Bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift for his iPhone X. We had trouble getting the charging pad to consistently provide a charge, and it was not related to positioning - the pad would be charging the phone, and then simply stop providing a charge. I contacted Anker customer service and they let me know that if I was using the 5W Apple wall charger (the standard Apple USB wall charger) that was probably the issue because it doesnt provide enough power to the charging pad. I was thinking of purchasing an Anker wall charger anyway (to support quick charging when Apple allows that feature) so I went ahead and purchased the Anker PowerCore Fusion 5000 Wall Charger. The charging pad now works perfectly for the iPhone X, and it also provides a consistent charge through his case that also holds 4 credit cards. He has not had any issues with positioning at all, as some other reviews have stated. Bottom line - do not expect this product to work consistently with the Apple wall charger. And the Anker wall charger I mentioned above is also a portable charger with 2 USB ports, so its a good buy anyway.
Works through my Otterbox with an IPhone 8 Plus. No one could tell me if it would work through the case and I am here to tell you it does and it works quickly..
As with all their products, Anker knocked it out of the park. Charger works amazingly, with any of the cases that I have on my phone.
Nice look works fine it’s work with case also good
Great product, works perfectly with iPhone 8+
Nice and low profile, doesnt have the constant bright LEDs when charging so very nice for the bed stand. It pulses a couple times to show you that the device is charging then goes dark, awesome. When paired with an Anker Quick Charge device is charges pretty fast.
The pad isnt flat. It has a curve to it and my phone slides off. no matter how I position the phone and on what surface I put the charger on my phone slowly slides off. Makes it pretty useless. Update: 1-24-18 Anker reached out to me and provided a replacement charging pad. The new one seems to be working better. Overall id say it does its job. Ankers customer service is really impressive. You can be pretty confident theyll do the right thing by you if you happen to get a defective unit. I own a number of their products and havent had problems in the past. Ill keep buying. Hope this helps.
I bought 2 of these.  Worked great for 6 months.  One is dead now, no longer charges, blue lights dont come on at all.  The second still works fine. I contacted Anker and they proactively replaced the defective unit.  Though one unit failed, great customer service from Anker - worth buying their products.
Got this for my husband to go with his new phone! He absolutely loves it when he goes to bed at night he just lays it on there! No fussing around trying to plug it into a small hole... since he can’t see small objects without glasses, it’s great!
Low profile along with a low price makes this a wonderful for charging my iPhone 8 and iPhone X even through their thin cases. I like how it lights up blue to let you know it is charging.
Charger works great, good size target area so its easy to get phone in right spot. Never slides around on table. Works well thru my Spigen Tough Armor case. I have 2 so far for my Galaxy s8 plus so its always topped off.
it works really well and it does nt fall off even when my alarm goes off for work or for calls and the material is really good and the design is also nice but most of all I love the way it looks and the color
Just bought this product a week ago and I already love it. It’s really nice to just be able to set it down without having to pick up a cord and plug it in. I initially bought this because we are expecting our first baby in August and I figured it would be nice to just have something I can set my phone down on and tend to him. I think it’ll be really nice to have and it charges fairly quickly. Doesn’t overheat the device either. Great product.
This charger is amazing.  Its able to charge my phone and several other phones through some relatively thick cases, and it does so faster than any other charger Ive ever used, wireless or wired.  I paired it with an Anker Quick Charge 3.0 39W Dual USB Wall Charger PowerPort Speed 2. The only thing I would change if I had a say in the design was make it a stand instead of a pad, so you could watch videos and what not on the phone while its charging.  Anker makes a product that fits that description, but it doesnt charge nearly as fast as this model does.
I have been using this product for about a year now. It’s very convenient and until just a couple of weeks ago it worked flawlessly (I’ll return to this) I have used iPhone and Samsung phones both with cases and they charge well. The iPhone I can more or less just throw on the pad and it will work, the Samsung needs to be placed a little more precisely. The lights are good, showing you that charging has started and then turn off to not be annoying. I mentioned I started having some issues recently, it seems the usb input connector was coming unsoldered from the board. The unit would only charge when I held the cable at a specific angle. I contacted Anker directly and they quickly replaced the unit under the 18 month warranty. Top notch service, they’ve made a repeat customer out of me for sure.
My new favorite charger for my iPhone X
Unfortunately you have to set the S8 or S9 just perfectly or it wont charge. Its fussy enough that its not much more convenient than a USB cable.  Ive even had a couple of times when I thought it was charging only to wake up to a dead phone the next morning.
Nice quality for the price.
I think this thing is great.  Works perfectly for my Kyocera Duraforce Pro E6810.  Decided to get one of these wireless chargers due to cables constantly breaking or the charging port on my phone being finicky. Read some reviews with people having placement issues, but that doesnt seem to be the case with the 2 I ordered.  I travel a lot for work so having one of these set up in the hotel and one at home is super useful. Note: My GFs Iphone 8 doesnt seem to work with it for some reason though.  The lights just keep blinking.  It may be because she has a thin case on it.  Ill check that later and update the review.  Otherwise, I chalk it up to being a crap iphone.
works as fast charger, if you have fast charger connected to this. Good deal for the price
This thing is tiny.  It works well with our iPhone 8s, even with a cover on.  The only drawback is the lack of an AC plug, but I knew that when ordering.  I got it as a lightning deal for almost half off, which made it a no brainer.
Works really well!  My only issue is that if your phone is not centered just right, it wont charge.  Thats minor so I still give it 5 stars.
Works well and charges my iPhone 8 quickly
I love this little thing! I have a roomba, so one less cord lying around was my goal. It’s so nice to just lye my iPhone 8 on top and let it charge. The lights glow for a few seconds to let you know it’s started charging (not super bright where it would bother me) then the lights go off which is perfect for night time. I own several anker products and love every one of them.
I did a lot of research into Qi chargers because I didnt want some charging light constantly bothering my eyes. This one is very subtle. The design is nice and clean, and I love that the light just blinks a few times and then goes off for good. I took off 1 star because sometimes when I get a call the phone vibrates off the pad, then I wake up to find my phone didnt charge. It would be nice if the top of it was a little more "grippy".
I bought this in November and rarely used it. I brought it into work and now it doesnt even work anymore. waste of money. *****revised to 5 stars because of level of customer service. We determined I received a defective unit and they sent me a new one free of charge*****
Works as you would expect
I had one of these and it worked very well until one day it stopped. I let Anker know and they were able to replace the product almost immediately without any hassle. I didnt even have to send the old one back to them. They sent me a replacement and a couple weeks later it is also not working. Back to the drawing board on this one.
Great product, works like a charm
It doesn’t charge as fast as my belkin but is great for overnight charging. Not a pain to position my iPhone X on it. Great for the $16 I paid.
So far so good
Works well, and I like how the lights turn off after confirming that its charging.
Good... It works as described.
Works well with iPhone 8
Product was great! Customer service was awesome! 
Cool charger I like being able to charge my phone and then just grab it and go. Not wearing out any wires. 3 stars because my phone doesn’t stay on the charger. At first I though it was cuz my phone was getting calls or texts it would slide off but then I watched it slide off with no vibration from the phone. So my phone only charges if I keep putting it center Update: anker helped me out and sent out another charger with no slip issue. Great work guys.
fast charge for iphoneX
Top quality.  With other chargers, the lights stay on the entire time you are charging you phone.  The lights on this one only stay on for a few seconds.  This is handy if your charger is by your bed and dont need a distracting light all night long.
I am a big fan of Anker products, which is why i jumped on this purchase when i saw it on sale.  However, with that being said, this is not a fast charger.  It took more than twice as long to charge my device.  I have it plugged directly into the outlet and sitting unobstructed on my desk and it took more than 3 hours to charge from 17% to 60%.  I was busy so I placed the device on the charger, watched it light up as charging and walked away.  3 hours later when i picked up my phone to leave the house.....only 60%.  I am not happy UPDATE:  I contacted Anker and they were very helpful in replacing my faulty device.  The new one work fine and I am happy with this item now.
Ive had this for over a year and its been great. It picks up the phone on a wider range of placement than the other qi chargers I have. Also, just in general, Ive only have good experiences with Anker. Theyve gone out of their way to keep their reputation, and support is not a hassle.
I ordered two of these and was testing one out. It registered as charging with my phone case on overnight, and the phone was only at 64%. Testing on other devices that have wireless charging function. **correction: Anker contacted me after seeing my review and have replaced the malfunctioning device and it works great** Charges fast with the case on
It just works, even through a good case.  One of the few that actually lets you charge from a USB port.  The blue lights around the edge light up when the phone establishes connection, and then they shut off after a few seconds.
First experience with wireless charge, 5th with anker, very happy about the product, works like a charm and you can never go wrong with Anker products or their customer service team.
I purchased this a week ago. Starting using it on Tuesday. I didnt really pay attention to the charge levels when I put it on or took it off. However, Wednesday, I noticed that it didnt seem to be charging too well. I put it to the test. Its been on and off the charger several times today without seeming to change the charge level. I put the phone on the charger almost half an hour ago (it had 80% charge). As of this moment, approx. 30 minutes later, it still has only 80% charge. Im not entirely sure if the lights on the charger are supposed to go off when its charging, but they have only stayed on for me for around 20 seconds after laying the phone on it before turning off. Its a very real possibility that I got a lemon, but I would NOT suggest buying this charger for the newer iPhones that have the larger batteries. Consider buying the stronger charger. I have a feeling this charger would work very well for Samsung phones, since its specifically advertised for them. EDIT: Anker personally got ahold of me to let me know that I got a lemon. Their responses were prompt and they took extremely good care of me. They shipped a new charger out to me and i havent had an issue since. Ive experienced very few issues with Anker products, but when I do, they definitely take care of me. Their Customer Service is second to none! I changed my 3 star to a 5 star for this reason. Thank you, Anker!
SECOND UPDATE (08/24/18): I had Anker Customer service contact me and they replaced it. I GOT THE WRONG CHARGER - MY BAD! This Anker Model "Anker 10W Wireless Charger, Qi-Certified" DOES NOT work with iphone X. I didnt realize that for some reason and Anker customer service still help me out. THE CORRECT, charger for an IPHONE X is "Anker Wireless Charger, Qi-Certified Wireless Charging Stand, Compatible iPhone X, iPhone 8/8 Plus, Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+/S8/S8+/S7/Note 8, and More, PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand (No AC Adapter)" Here is direct link for "correct" one - https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Wireless-Qi-Certified-Compatible-PowerPort/dp/B0753Z4PGC/ref=pd_cp_107_4?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_p=fcaa6d12-8b2b-4ad7-b277-864b2da79f6e&pf_rd_r=SS0JAXCRY5N2ZDX3H290&pd_rd_wg=v7Zcw&pf_rd_s=desktop-dp-sims&pf_rd_t=40701&pd_rd_w=8ERzL&pf_rd_i=desktop-dp-sims&pd_rd_r=5f5c3da8-a7e5-11e8-b369-ffe841fc31b4&pd_rd_i=B0753Z4PGC&psc=1&refRID=SS0JAXCRY5N2ZDX3H290 Thanks again Anker Customer Service for your help and replacement! UPDATE: This is garbage! did not work at all Less than half the battery was charged,  even after  charging after several hours.  I even bought Auker outlet w it.  This item did not work in the beginning I don’t understand why people are giving us such good reviews.  You’ve been warned - Don’t buy
great
Small form factor. Works well. No issues with leaving my case on.
I purchased for my iPhone 8 Plus. This along with PowerPort II Elite to make sure I had the correct power going to charger. Great product. It’s nice to sit phone down and know I don’t have to fumble with cables all the time to get a charge.
Charging cord is WAY too short. I mean come on its the cheapest part to make. The charger works beautifully otherwise but such a short cord is a deal breaker because it wont reach the outlet right next to my nightstand without paying another $10 for an extension cord. --Edit-- Anker emailed me right after I posted this review and offered to give me a free 10 ft replacement for my troubles. As a result, I brought the review up by one star for their great customer service. After some research, I found you could buy a 10 ft via amazon prime for $5. You have to look for a "Micro USB cable."
Works great.  The blue lights flash about 3 times and then turn off.  I have it next to my bed.  I have an Otterbox case.  Charges just fine.  Would buy again.
The Anker Wireless Charging Pad works exactly as one would want.  I have it plugged into an Anker 6-port charger with the supplied USB cable.  After first determining that it would charge my iPhone X, I used two small pieces of double sided tape to attach the charger to a stand that I had for iPhones.  This placed the phone in the correct position, in front of my iMac, to unlock with FaceID when I need to use it.  While there were chargers built in the shape of support stands, I trusted the Anker product to perform correctly with my iPhone X.
Easy to use the only problem I have is that it charges very slow to my liking.
Very good product. And efficient too.
Simple to use.  I just plugged it in and put my iPhone on it and charged overnight.  I just bought another one to use when I travel.
Super thin and reliable, must make sure phone is straight and centered
Works perfectly with iPhone 8 Plus and Otterbox Defender Case!
Works very good! The only issue is that it did not charge my iPhone 8 as fast as my normal charger.
Gas charge with adapter
I was skeptical because I bought it before I even got my iPhone X and had pre-purchased an OtterBox Commuter case so I was worried if the case would be too thick to allow it to charge. No problems! I got the phone, added the case, plugged in the Anker Qi unit and it immediately connected. I also have other Anker products, bluetooth speakers, etc and I always look to Anker for quality products and reliability.
This is my first time using a wireless charger after I just got my iPhone X and I have to say that everything I buy charger wise is from anker and have had a great experience with everything. This charger works perfectly and got it for my desk so I can just lie down the phone and charge up. I don’t think I’m going to use it anywhere else because when not on my computer I’m usually on my phone and would rather be plugged in during those times. I highly recommend this charger and also recommend getting an anker 3.0 charger for the fast charging to really work well. I also love the anker lighting cable and how durable they are as we use them all over the house office and cars.
Great charger! Nicely made and works great.
Absolutely perfect! It has rubber stops on the bottom to hold it onto the table. Super skinny and smooth. Has a great feel. The blue lights are only on when something is charging, which is nice. It charges my iPhone 8 through an otterbox case! Also, I always love the minimalist boxing techniques Anker uses...it makes is just as enjoyable to unbox as it is to use.
Works great buying another one Anker always has the best products.
I order this just to get me by because i lost my Samsung one and this works even better then Samsung one . Its also thinner and charge faster
Great product, even better customer service. I love Anker products and have purchased many of their products (from cables, flashlights, chargers to sound products). This product is no different. Excellent build quality and charges my iPhone X very well.
The first one I ordered didnt work after a day but Ankers customer service has been great and sent me a new one that works perfectly a few days later.
It is ok. Deliver what promise if you place it in the correct way. I just wanted a faster charge (guess...we always want more) But the USB C is really missing here.
Great product!
Works. with my samsungs, my iphones, it just works. And its not slow. is almost as fast at the 2A 5V wall addaptor i have for both iphone and galaxy.
I’ve been using this charger for over a month with an iPhone 8 Plus and it works really well. I strongly recommend this charger.
Works well with my new LG G7.  I have had no trouble getting the sweet spot of the phone centered on the charger base.
Does the job! Even with a case on it works
These wireless chargers work GREAT with our new LG ThinQ phones.  I originally bought two, then bought two more so I could have them in the main rooms of my house.  I love not having to actually plug in the phone to charge it and they charge super fast.  Also light and portable to take with you on a trip.  Well worth the money!
Works fine
Low cost, efficient wireless charger! Works like a charm and even supports fast charging! This will charge through cases as well as long as the cases contain no metal.
I saw so many good reviews for this, so I bought it. It is possible that I received a defective unit. It didnt work consistently and I figured it was broken. I guess I got what I paid for. Update : Its been a few weeks since I purchased this but the company reached out to me. They handled my specific situation with the utmost care and respect.
Great wireless charger. I leave it at my desk and my iPhone 8+ charges quickly in between meetings. Couldn’t be happier. For aesthetic purposes I wish it came in white but that’s such a minor detail that I can’t complain.
I got this for my wifes iPhone 8 plus on her nightstand. The lights around the edge are helpful for knowing that its charging, but go out quickly so it doesnt bother her sleeping. What we dont like about it is its not a guarantee that when you place her giant phone on there that it will charge, so its not quite as worry-free as I was hoping it would be (ie set it down and let it charge without worrying about if its actually charging). You have to place it in the right spot to charge, and it works better without her case (although it does work with her case). The first night she used it without the case the phone fell off of the nightstand multiple times, ans she had to keep getting up to put it back on. This would probably be better for a smaller phone, but the combination of how big the iPhone 8+ is with how small this coaster-sized charger is makes it not as ideal. I dont know how fast it charges as we dont really care (as its charging all night). Update: Anker has awesome customer service and is sending me a fix for the surface to make sure the iPhone doesnt slip off!
Bought 2, Ive been using them for a month, very pleased so far.
Works GREAT with the Anker Power Port II adapter.
Great product. Will definitely save on the wear and tear of the connector on the phone. Charges fast, looks good, what more could you want?
I originally bought this in late 2016, and the product works great. Its a well-built wireless charger and works just as advertised. In early 2018, I started having a few issues with the micro USB connector; the charge pads connector was a bit spotty and I had to position the cable in a very specific position in order to work. The failure occurred after roughly daily use for the past year and a few months. I tried with a few other cables and still had the problem, so I reached out to Anker. They quickly replaced my faulty product, and their customer service was incredibly easy to deal with and very responsive. In my opinion, any product issue that might have resulted in a lower rating was made up for by their customer service. Ill definitely keep going to them in the future. Thanks so much, Anker!
Works great!  Charges my iPhone X quickly and not have to fumble with plugging in the charge cord.
Works great and its a way more affordable than similar chargers.
This charger does not work well with the iPhone X without a case. The phone slides off the charger. However, the charger works fine if you hold the phone in place. Instead I recommend one of the stand chargers. Ankers customer service is excellent. I recommend their stand wireless charger.
This thing is awesome! very thin and light, just drop your phone on it and it usually starts charging. I have the OEM Samsung as well and this puts it to shame for a small fraction of the price!
Easy to set up and use. Plug it in and its ready to go.
For the price, it works really well! Nice, slim form factor. Keeps a nice temperature. Lots of reviews on this said it charges slow with 1A, so that’s what I expected when I used it for the first time. But I have a 1A power adapter connected to it right now and it charges surprisingly fast. Makes me hyped to try a 2A power supply sometime. This is my first and only wireless charger (so I’m no pro on this) but one of my only gripes is that I often have to wiggle my phone around on the charger in order for it to start charging. That’s all I really noticed. tl;dr 5/5, only gripe is the chargeable range when set on the charger.
Great product! Delivers all that it promises.
Excellent
I use this with the Anker Quick Charge 3.0 39W Dual USB Wall Charger and it works like a dream.  Who knew Anker made such awesome products..?  Oh, thats right, everyone!  This item is great for when you just want to set down your device and go to sleep or when you do not want to fiddle with the micro USB cables in your life.
This Anker wireless charger is so awesome, its very light and charges my device properly. So flat that I can fit in my backpack in any pocket.
*Updated review, customer service was fantastic! they reached out to me right away and sent me a replacement charger that I have had no problems with. would reccommend not just for products but because their customer service is great also.
got two for my phone x love them and want more its nice to see the blue light light up and show you that it is charging i would recommend this product to anyone
UPDATE: Since my original review, I have used this charger daily (6 months or so) and I have to say it is a great item. Works as good as the day I got it and is completely hassle free. PREVIOUS REVIEW: Okay...so I have to start by saying I have only has this product for a couple hours...BUT...it seems to be really great. I charged my Samsung S7 Edge from about 65% to 100% in a very short time. Wasnt keeping a stopwatch on it, but I would say somewhere around 20 minutes. Some people have complained about it being finicky to place down to start the charge...I just put it down, with the case on and the fast charge started immediately. No fuss no muss. Charged it right up without getting any hotter than it does with the cord. This item is very thin and it is very light. It has a "grippy" top on it so your phone wont slide off. It also came with a cord, no charging plug. I am using mine with a 6 port Anker USB charger. It has a fast charging port. Together they work fantastic. If anything changes, I will update this review. But as it stands today, I think this is a great product.
So far, so good... I think it charges my phone slower than just plugging it in but not a big deal. Im not fond of how warm it gets though. I will keep using it.
This is a nice wireless charger. It works as described. I highly recommend this item for anyone that has the ability to charge wireless. Very reliable
best value, great product, great brand, high quality
Had it for two days and love it.  The convenience and its ability to charge fast (also use it with this ) earned my praise.  Using an iPhone 8 Plus with an Otterbox Defender case.  Only reason I didnt give it five stars is due to the precise placement of the phone.  Not a big deal but not perfect.
Smaller and thinner than expected but love the quality of the charger. Wireless charger is overall slower than the traditional way but still a great buy!
Low profile, and LED lights don’t stay lit after charging so perfect for nightstand charging. This is the one you want.
This is my first wireless charger and it really works well. I was able to charge both my phones while they were in cases without any issue (galaxy S8+ and galaxy S7). The only thing that would make it better is a longer charging cable.
Super fast charge. Love this! Doesn’t come with a USB hub so you will need one.
The product is decent quality for the price and is large enough that it isnt flimsy. The only issue I have is that the iPhone X tends to slide off the charging angle and when I wake up I find my phone not entirely charged. It is a matter of finding the right angle on the pad and making sure the ok rubber top has friction with the phone.
Works great.  Does not come with cord or plug.  A little on the small size so you will have to make sure you place it in the center for it to charge.
iPhone X I’m using a pelican water proof case and this charger works perfectly with it! I can hold the phone about 1/4 inch above the charger and it will star charging the phone. Very impressed!
Nicey
Fast delivery and it works great.
I bought the Anker Wireless Charger earlier this week in Amazons Todays Deals at a great price.  I have been using it the last couple days with my new iPhone X and it works great.  So far I am very pleased.  My iPhone X is in an OtterBox Defender Series Case (https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00Z7SE1UK) and it charges just fine through the case.  It starts charging immediately after setting the phone on the pad.  It has a very small footprint, so it does not take up any additional room on your desk beyond the phone.  I will definitely be ordering a new one to put on my desk at work!!  Thanks Anker for another great product. UPDATE:  I have had such good luck with this charger when I got a coupon from Anker to use on Amazon, I bought a second one so I have one at home and one at work.  No issues!
It did not keep my iPhone X in place while using a Speck case, however, I have had no issues using a  Samsung wireless charging pad. Update: Anker sent a replacement for the defective unit (the DIY $1,150 fidget spinner), and while the replacement does in fact, do a better job holding my phone in place, it does not do as good of a job as the Samsung wireless charging pad. Would I recommend this product... Im on the fence. I would give the product 4 stars, but I would have to give Anker customer service 5 stars as they truly care about ensuring customer satisfaction. While I would like to give this product a higher rating I cannot in good faith, and in all honesty, 4 stars is even pushing it.
A great product by Anker as usual.  This charging mat even works to charge my iphone 8 plus with an otterbox symmetry case and a metal plate for attaching to a magnetic mount in my car.  Great price compared to other available mats, and I love that the lights dont stay on during charging.
Works great with iPhone X. No problems encountered. Shipping/Delivery was fast.
Fast charges my iPhone 8!!
Anker is #1
Great product, superb built quality. I use an iPhone X and iPhone 8 with fast charging, and very happy with this product. Actually I bought 2 of them, one in the living room and one in the bedroom.
This works great for my iPhone X thats in a Quad Lock case
Of the 3 Qi wireless chargers I bought for my iPhone X, this one is the best.
The best
UPDATE 7/6:  After I had written my original review Anker reached out to me, asking questions, and offered to send a replacement charger.  I was sent this other charger instead as it can power through thicker cases. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0753Z4PGC  I actually like this replacement charger.  I have no problems with it wirelessly charging, regardless if my phone is up and down or on its side.  And it does work with both phone cases.  Considering the price isnt much different, I would recommend get the charger in the link rather than this listing. I do not recommend this charger rather than paying a little more for a stronger charger. Ive used wireless chargers before and they all charged through my phone case which is a wallet case, a bit thick.  With this charger, it will not charge through my wallet case at all.  I switched out my case to a slim otterbox case, just to see if it would charge through something.  It does.  However, the connection is finicky and the charge speed is slow.  Functional but not great.
This thing works great and is so much smaller than I thought it would be. Its thinner than my actual phone! Anker really does no wrong, I buy all my charging gear from them and have yet to be disappointed. The lights turn on real quick to let you know its doing its thing and then disappear, so dont worry about LEDs keeping you up all night. The only thing to note here: you need a 3.0 quick charger, this is NOT the same type of charger that will have come with your phone, youll probably need to buy one. But dont worry, Anker sells those too!
Purchased for my son.  Worked well for a couple months but then broke.  Anker was AWESOME in sending a replacement super quickly.  New one has worked with no problem.
A bit slower than expected but still worth having to eliminate breaking cords and potential damage to charging port. Charging overnight it having it in a desk would be ideal.
Great charger. It works flawlessly, as expected.
It nice to have a wireless charger for the Phone X now
I bought this for my smart phone and seems to work like its suppose to.
It’s all right. After starting to charge, I watch my phone sloooowwwwllllyyyy slide off the charger and then...stop charging. There is a slight hump which causes it to slide. I do wish it could charge through the case, I’d prefer not to have the wear and tear on my case by taking the phone in and out every time I use the charger.
I pretty much never have to charge my phone in the car or at home during the week because this pad keeps my battery full all day. Still use cords at home but this is awesome to have next to my keyboard at the office. I have a pretty thick case too and it’s no obstacle.
Works amzing
Works perfectly with my iPhone 8 Plus.. Clean design is an added benefit.
Update: Customer service helped me fix the issue with my current one. The new one works awesome! Meh. It’s just okay. Not great enough for three stars. I have an iPhone X with an approved case. It’s just easier to plug it in rather than trying to position the phone on it.
Great wireless charger from a reputable company. I actually purchased two of these on sale. After about 6 months of use, one is still working perfectly and the other malfunctioned. I contacted Anker, and they had another shipped to me in a matter of a few days. Exceptional customer service. Highly recommend.
I have had this charger for several months not and am satisfied with the purchase.  My device is an iPhone 8, which has a metal case that also stores credit cards.  I noted this because the phone can still be charged even with having the metal case and cards in the case.  Some reviews you have likely already read or even the description of this product tell you that the case has to be removed prior to charging.  This is not true with MOST cases available out there. For the price, it is a great entry level wireless charger.
I keep this by my bed. It works perfectly so I ordered a second one for my office. Its nice how the frame lights up to confirm charging has begun.
Works well. Wish the light could be turned off
Its really light. It charges my iPhone X perfectly.  The only shame is that it doesnt come with a wall plug, but appart from that it is a really good product.
Anker PowerPort Wireless 10, Anker Qi-Certified:  Works great after a year.
Does a great job! Doesnt heat up! Anker makes some of the best products on the market!
I updated this from 3 to 5 stars because Anker customer service got in touch and made it right.  As I suggested at the end of my original review, I moved this charger from my nightstand to my desk where I can keep an eye on it and, more importantly, my mischievous cat cant nudge the phone aside while Im sleeping. In short, even when their products arent ideal Ankers customer service is, so I continue to be an avid fan.  I will happily pay them more than a competitor for a comparable device because Anker stands by their products and theyve proven that over and over. The original, unedited review: This charges my iPhone X fine, if I get it positioned just right. Unfortunately its easy to dislodge with a nudge - my cat has done it more than once, so I wake up with a half-charged phone. (I think she does it on purpose so that Im late for work and she gets more cuddle time.) Fortunately the X has the best battery life Ive seen in an iPhone but its still annoying. The blue LEDs pulse with a cool sci-fi effect, and are a good way to confirm the phone is positioned right, but they can be hard to see since the phone completely covers the charger pad. Plus if the phone stops charging the pad doesnt tell you.  It would be better if there were another LED, green maybe, thats lit any time the phone is positioned correctly, so I can tell at a glance if the cat is trying to sabotage my career - again. All told this is a good charger for the price, though its probably better suited to a desk so you can keep an eye on it, rather than a nightstand (where clever pets can pursue their own agendas).
Great charger, works as advertised. iPhone X in thick case charges without any issues. Concern - wireless charging is not good for your battery. Apple confirmed that 500 charge cycles until your battery goes to 80% of original capacity could become 350-400 cycles if you use wireless charging. Within first 15 minutes of charging phone gets really hot. Ill keep it for convenience but will try to use standard wired charging methods as much as I can.
I bought this for my iphonex. Although slow to charge, I use it only for overnight charging and works GREAT! No more looking for my lightning adapter.
Its amazing. Works on my iPhone X and Ive been using the 10W adapter that Apple supplies with their iPad and it actually charges it as if it was being charged on wire. Im very impressed! Bought this when they were having a sale and got this for $16.
As advertised. Works great.
Works on my iphone8 every time
I just went to check on this device where I had my two-day old iPhone X charging. The PowerPort is plugged into my Anker 5-port USB charger. Full disclosure : I own a LOT of Anker products. Imagine my shock when I see my iPhone X dangling precariously off the charger, about to slide off the stand where I installed the charger. I tried to reorient the iPhone on the charger, and watch as it slowly starts to rotate - completely untouched - and starts to slide off the base again. I placed the iPhone back on the charger, and found that with very little effort I could get it to spin in place. If you have the vibration enabled on the iPhone, just a single notification can send it sliding off the charger. WTH, Anker?  Why would you think it is a brilliant idea to mate the low-friction surface on the charger with the glass on many smartphones? Now I am in search of something high-friction that will not interfere with the charging process, something I had not bargained on. If I cannot find anything I will go back to just plugging in the lightning cable. Color me tremendously disappointed in the most non-Anker Anker product I have ever purchased. *** UPDATE *** : Anker reached out to me almost immediately after posting this review. Anker continues their superb customer service, and that is why I continue to purchase Anker products. They offered to ship me an "upgrade" to the PowerPort 10, the PowerPort 5. I understand it is a downgrade in terms of sheer power, but in terms of performance it is a huge step forward. My iPhone X no longer spins, and does not slide off the charging base. In other words, this is what the PowerPort 10 should have been. Ultimately, to stop the iPhone from sliding off the base of the PowerPort 10 I finally found rubber bands that are wide enough, "sticky" enough and just the right size to fit around the PowerPort 10 perfectly. Again, I should not have had to do so, and I certainly shouldnt have to take a step back to solve my problem - big hint to Anker engineers here. That being said, because Anker is so awesome and great at customer service I am more than willing to meet them half-way and upgrade my original 2-star review to 4-stars accordingly.
Works well. Love that the lights turn off and are a good indicating the phone is charging.
Works even through my phone case. Charges a little slower than plug in, but does the job.
Works great,  even through a phone case.
When I first tried it, it didnt charge my phone! I was very annoyed and was about to send it back... But the next night it seemed to work just fine. It doesnt charge the phone very quickly, but as a nightstand charger that doesnt include the hassle of plugging and re-plugging your phone, its very convenient.
Received this on the weekend and work great so far.I also bought the Anker fast charger for my iPhone X as well. Charge very fast and no noise or hot. Hope it last long and work the way it should.
It doesnt fast charge and works 1/4 of the time when my otterbox case is on. But when it does work its really nice. -It turns out that I had a defective device. However rare this situation is, the seller still took the time to instantly message me about my product and they replaced my defective device. Thank you guys so very much.
I have an iPhone X running 10.2.5 beta 3 and I have no issues. It charges my phone pretty fast - fast enough that I’m always surprised. I make sure my phone is situated correctly on the pad.
UPDATE: new replacement item received and it works perfectly lighting fast charge even with otter box on the phone Anker always delivers
total satisfaction
If you are looking for a wireless charger that is both effective and reasonable in price, Anker is the product to buy! I have never owned a wireless charger and I thought this one wouldn’t be as reliable as a wall charger. Pros: Fast charge. Good price. Cool charging lights. Light and portable. Professional looking. Cons: Charges only one device. Overall: I purchased this charger for my office desk and the style of it is very professional. I use it everyday and the ease of picking up my phone from the stand really makes a difference! The price is fair and I’m happy to say that Anker has created a great product!
Small size, but truly powerful. The phone charges very fast and the material of the charger is of very good quality
Love the simple clean design. Works as expected and seems to be charge pretty quickly. I wish Anker had a car mount + Qi charger product as well.
great little charging pad for the small price tag.
Works great on my iPhone X.Together with it charges my iPhone using fast charge. You could not ask for a better product for the price and Anker is definitely my go to from now on with anything I can buy.
With a new iPhone 8 I just needed to use the wireless charging. I keep the phone on my nightstand, just in case. This means in the morning when I wake up before its light (most of the year), I have to stumble around with the cable. No more. Now I just grab the phone and go. What a convenience! The one downside I encountered was that the metal disc in my case for the magnetic car mount interferes with the wireless charging. I expected this would happen, but its still a let down. This isnt the chargers fault, so no stars off for that.
Works great! I have a galaxy note 5, and I dont have to take my case off of my phone to charge it. Im ordering another one to have upstairs at home.
It was a Christmas gift for my husband, he really likes it.
Excelente product!!!
Received this as a Christmas present, upon opening the box I found it to be defective, no lights, the only thing it did was emit an electrical buzzing sound. I contacted Anker customer support and within half a day I explained my situation and they shipped a replacement with no more questions asked. I have bought Anker cables, power bricks, and battery banks in the past. This wireless charger works amazingly well with my Samsung Galaxy S8+.
Very impressed with how well this works.  Ready to go right out of the box.  Set my iPhone 8 right on the middle and instantly starts charging.
Works great with the iPhone 8 plus. It lights up blue when you first put it on there but the light goes away after a few seconds. Love it!
Works great with supported smartphones, very quick.
Got two of these, charge the iPhone 8 nicely. I have a Pressplay Impakt slim case and it has no problem charging the phone with it on.
So far so good. I will update this if I have any problems. One of my phones has trouble working with it because the case is too thick. Keep that in mind when purchasing. I recommend removing any case if you want it to charge quickly.
4.5 if possible. Looses ~10% efficiency when using fast-charging with S8 connector
Nice little charging pad for my iPhone X
Another high quality Anker product. I love this wireless charger, it takes up a very small amount of space on my desk at work
Works great, but requires the wall charger, not included
**Edit of original review**:  After posting a review stating that the charger would not work, Anker customer service contacted me and immediately sent out a replacement charger, at no cost to me.  This replacement unit has had no difficulty and performs exactly as expected, without the need to remove the case from my phone.  I am now completely satisfied with this product as well as pleased with the prompt response from Anker.  Would recommend this to anyone looking for a compact wireless charger.  I use this during the day on my desk, and though a few times the back of the phone has been warm after charging, so far heat has not been an issue. I have left my original review, here: Will not charge Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Well, I guess it technically might, but wireless charging wont commence unless phone is manually pressed onto charger with some force. Same result with or without case on the phone. I have numerous chargers, cables, etc from Anker and each has been high quality and performed as or better than expected, until this one. Very disappointing.
Not only does this charge my iPhone and Samsung phones, it also charges my Gear S3 watch! Excellent tech right here.
Im using this with my S9+ and works really well. I tried a few combination of adapters and all of them seem to work as expected. The blue glow makes it look pretty cool too. Ankers customer service is also pretty amazing (as a few others have noted here). So if you are on the fence about any Anker products (including this one), dont hesitate - buy it.
works great, use it as my over night charger, love it,
It works and hope that it will last for long time.  Even better if it comes with a power adapter.
Keeps my new phone charged great !
After having an issue with the device, I contacted their customer support. They were very concerned and we cooperated to attempt to verify the issue. They stood behind their product and replaced it. All is working as expected.
Works just like it should.  Blue lights are cool.
Charges Iphone 8 Plus good with a price not nearly the $59.99 for the one at the Apple store
This is a nice little charger. I use it for my iPhone 8 Plus. I am able to charge my phone with the Otterbox case still on. Th blue lights lynyou know the phone is charging and quickly goes off. The charging speed is pretty quick as well. Only have 4 stars because the cable to plug into your outlet is very short.
I love this charger! So easy to use.
Love this device bought two, works great on both my boyfriends phone and mine as well. Easy to charge, great for travel.
Works great!
My wife and I share this across her iPhone X and my S8+ and it works the same. The pad is large enough to make solid contact no matter the angle, but small enough to fit anywhere we need it. Much better than others we have tried including the one from Samsung.
Works like it says
An inexpensive charger that works like a charm. However, after about six months, the charger completely stopped working.  I contacted Anker and went through a few troubleshooting steps.  We were unable to resuscitate the charger and it was deemed defective.  Anker had a replacement charger sent and I am back up and running.  It was a painless process!  Highly recommend especially with Ankers product support team should something go awry.
Worked perfectly as soon as I set my phone on it. I have a Galaxy S8+. My only complaint was that on the first charge (from 50% to 100%), my phone did get a little warm. Not hot, but well see how it does on a full 0 to 100% charge. Ill update. Update: after using this repeatedly for the past few weeks, Im happy to say it works wonderfully. Phone does get a touch warm (on a quick charge as well as a full charge), but not enough that I would worry about it. It does work for my Galaxy S8+ through the case, no need to take it out. Thanks, Anker, for yet another good product!
so it works and powers on but you have to place the note 8 in one exact spot for it to work.  my samsung  desktop charger  works better.. With further usage.. i came upon yhe fact that this charger works better for the iPhone x.. I have given this charger to my wife.. she loves it..
Works for my HP elite phone and my Samsung Galaxy 7 edge.
This is a great product. Though the speed of charging depends on the plug being used at the outlet. So I recommend buying Ankers smart charging plug-in
Charges my iPhone 8 overnight and doesnt add another light into my bedroom (except when I put the phone on and it flashes quickly)
Its fast wireless charger so I like that the most and its super light. Hey its Anker and there products always rock
Works with iPhone X and Otterbox Defender case. Sleek, minimalist design. LEDs provide positive yet unobtrusive confirmation.
I received this charger from Anker to replace one of my Samsung Convertible fast chargers that refuses to wireless charge my Note 8 through a thin case.  This charger has no issues at all doing it!  It charges and charges fast!  I connected a Anker wall plug to it as well.  As usual, great products, and service from Anker!
This charger works perfect for charging my iPhone 8 Plus .. really like not having to plug the phone in. Very happy with purchase.
Ok
The first one I ordered didnt work.  Amazon sent a replacement and this one works great!!  Charges my phone easily (even through a case).  Love it!
Works great with iPhone X.
bought this product for my husband and he loves. It charges really fast and it small enough to fit in a book bag or briefcase.
works as promised
Use this at work to keep my phone charged always!!
Love it.
This is nice!  Ive never tried wireless charging and its pretty cool.  I have this by my bed for my LG V30.  Its wonderful not having to deal with a cable in the near dark bedroom.
Anker is really making a name for itself for its quality and this charger pad is no different. No fuss, minimal packaging/waste, charged my iPhone X and Samsung Note 8 with no issues plugged into a full powered USB port. Perfect size without being too tiny/bulky, has a nice weighted bottom to it to keep it from sliding around, and the rubberized skin should hold up well to repeated use. Thanks Anker for another great accessory.
Works great and keeps my X charged.
PROS:  Slim & light-weight design  Diagonally measured at 3.5"  Blue LED lights blink along side perimeter when charging  Blue LED lights not obtrusive for over-night charging, as it will flash 4 times when phone is initially placed, then stops flashing afterwards  Charges iPhone X through Incipio Octane case as well as Anker KARAPAX Touch case with no issues (although thicker cases may have issues)  Charges quicker than by computer but not by much  Can listen to music using earpods while simultaneously charging iPhone  No cables needed to plug into lightning connector to charge, which means less wear & tear on port  No issues with intermittent charging like other reviewers have experienced, charges over-night and iPhone is fully charged in the morning  Top charging pad is a nice & soft rubberized material that will not scratch bottom of the phone  Bottom has 4 rubberized feet to keep pad secure in place  Does not overcharge phone, as over-night charging was checked in the morning at 100% and phone was cool to the touch  No buzzing noise while charging like other reviewers have mentioned CONS:  Charging coil surface area is not big enough, so positioning phone on pad is tricky and will not charge unless center of phone is placed not "exactly", but "pretty close" to center of pad  Charging cable is too short (3 feet), so pad needs to be placed rather closely to power outlet  Does not provide "quick charge" as advertised, even though 12W iPad USB charger was used to charge iPhone X running iOS 11.2 (minimum iOS supporting fast charging), thus charges at relatively same speed as 5W USB charger, so suggesting to use Ankers 10W Power Adapter for fast charging is suspect
I purchased two of these chargers.  Both work great.  Very happy with my purchase.  Highly recommend.
Thank you!
This is great. A very smal, trim piece of equipment that is read to charge by simply laying my phone on top even with an Otter case on it. Prior to buying this I had to use both hands to uncover The charging port and guide the plug in. No more!  Great for traveling too.
I bought this charger for my wife to use with her iPhone 8+. My main concerns were that it would be able to charge through her case (she has a relatively thin plastic case) and that the phone might slip off the charger. Neither of these concerns turned out to be warranted. The phone easily charges through the case and didnt slide off. The mildly surprising and disappointing aspects of the charger were that the included micro-usb connector Is too short to be useful and that the charger doesnt charge the Apple Watch. Still, after a few days use, it is easy to see the appeal of the wireless charger even if you might initially scoff. That extra bit of frictionless makes a big difference and I can easily see having these things scattered around the house to charge phones. The charger is also both good looking and unobtrusive. Recommended. Bartholomew Motes 12/28/17
Awesome charger! It works as expected. Just wished that the included cable was longer, but no biggie. :)
Love it so far. Very lightweight and works great with my galaxy s7 and I dont even have to remove my phone case
This charger is simply awesome! I adore my Nexus 7 tablet and dont want another one - but I got it in 2013 and have had a lot of problems recently getting it charged. I installed a new battery and got a new adapter and Anker power cord but it still wouldnt work reliably. This Anker charger was my last hope - and wow, has it delivered! Not only does it charge but its *extremely* fast. My programmer/database admin son says Anker products are The Best. I simply couldnt be more pleased with this charger. Kudos, Anker.
Good
Item works great! Expected great quality products from Anker.
Great product, works with otter box case.
awesome device
So easy to just drop the phone on this pad.  Hard to believe it works!!  But it surely does!!!
Does the trick!  Charges my iPhone X beautifully, note its as fast as the standard iPhone charger (5W) if Im not mistaken.
Great! Delivered on time ... and then Anker Customer Service sent a follow-up email 8 days later to make sure it met expectations! Being a Christmas gift this Ive only now been able to review it, but my son loves the compact size (vs a large mat that hed have to make room for on his desk). The Anker 18W 3.0 quickcharge wall charger makes it even more spectacular and a *speedy* charge! Only (minor) problem is the the config of the plug end made it difficult to plug into the multi power strip so we had to first connect it to an extension cord to fit in the surge strip.
It is simple and elegant and easy to use
The lights are noticeable without being bright. It works well on my night stand without being distracting.
Got this just to see how wireless charging works on the iPhone X. Works well even with a case ( SaharaCase ). I’m hoping it will last a while without issues.
Works well and is an easy way to charge phone while working on the computer without having to plug into the regular charger.
Works great. I really like the ability to charge my iphone 8 without having to plug and unplug it. You know it is charging because when you first put in on the charges it lights up blue on all sides.
I would have preferred if there was a power supply included, but for the price, I cant complain too much.  I also was not expecting a power supply, so this is not a real reason to remove any stars.  It just would have been nice. I also would have preferred if the documentation had specified what power output was necessary to get it to fast charge.  Luckily the adaptive charger that came with my Note 8 does a fine job.  It would also be nice if the LEDs would use a different color for standard vs quick charging, but I dont know if this is something the charger can determine.
Using this on my Samsung Galaxy S9+ and its a huge convenience over plugging in every night. Its occasionally not easy to get the right placement, but a great product overall.
Best wireless charger
Works well so far, and charging is really fast.
Well I really like the design of this product, and I really like Anker products, I have a car charger that I love a power port II for my house that is great and a battery pack that I got a long time ago and it is still working and love it...  but my wireless charger  does not work as advertised..  it charges my iphone X very slowly after about 30 min of charging it just has about 3 porcent more battery..  that’s with a spigen case on..  a very thin case in my opinion...  for what I have read I believe I have a defective unit, I tried it without a case and it seems to be about the same.  I will return it and try to get a different one and see if it works better....  update...  after my initial review anker customer  service contacted me and offered a replacement unit at no cost to me...  well I got it and it works really good,  now I charge my iPhone X wirelessly every day and it is more convenient than cable...  thanks Anker for your great customer service 
I have an iPhone 8 and I wanted to try the wireless charging capabilities. I purchased this charger, because it is economical...well, its definitely worth the money, because it works 100%
Great product
Worked great for about 3 months but now it will only charge in a certain position and it will randomly stop charging and i have to reposition my phone for it to charge again UPDATE Anker Customer service reached out to me and offered me a free replacement after reading my review. Thats some great customer service, my replacement has shipped and Ill update again once i receive it
Works perfectly and with my case on!!!!!!  Worth the money as well. I have 2 just so I can charge one in my room and one in the living room. I highly recommend these over any other brand. I tried another and it didnt work. I had to keep moving my phone around on it to get it to charge. With the Anker I have had no issues!!!!
Solid wireless charging platform. It works well and from what I have noticed charges my phone fairly fast. Pros: charges quickly and the indicator lights are nice touch so you knows it working. Great customer service. Cons: I am not sure if this is just an Iphone X issue and the glass back, but I have noticed that the phone slides off of the platform. The platform is slightly elevated in the middle and if I am not 100% centered I will see my phone slide right off.
works fine
Very good
Simple, compact, seems to work ok.  The cord is too short to be of much use.  Not long enough for me to place on bedside table, sofa or chair side table or desk. Revising the "Stars" from 3 to 5 because of Ankers great customer service on this issue.  Working great with my iPhone 8+.
This product didn’t work. I tried it in multiple plugs and with multiple devices and it still wouldn’t work. I tried to return it but I was one day past the deadline for returns. Very disappointed. Updated review. The same day I submitted the above review, Anker contacted me directly and apologized for the faulty charger. They shipped a new one right away and the new charger works great. I am very impressed with Anker’s customer service and quick response. I will purchase their products in the future.
Very strong, charges Samsung and iPhone X quickly. Works through both an Otterbox AND a metal plate for a magnetic mount.
Im too lazy to plug my iPhone in, so this ha pretty much become my main charger.
Top notch product from Anker, as always. This is my first Qi charging device as I just got an iPhone X. Definitely nice not to have to futz with plugging it in on my nightstand when I’m exhausted (not that it’s difficult either).
I love this charger !! It is so convenient. No more plugging and unplugging.
It charges an iPhone 8 Plus and a Note 8 with cases on without a problem. Very happy
I have several other Anker products and like then so I decided to go with this Qi unit, plus it was on sale for $16.99.  Came with the USB cable.  It is slim and the side LEDs light up when the phone is connected and charging. the lights are dim so it is not annoying bright at night time.  Not finicky at all getting the phone placed right the first time on the pad to begin charging.  It works well so I decided to get another.  I use this with our Galaxy S6 and S7 phones and it charges them just fine with their protective cases on.
Works great. I use it to charge my LG V30+ while I sleep.
Very convenient! It works great with my Samsung S8. Very small design. Easy to get my phone charging & it stays on there well. The lights flash for 10 seconds letting me it has started charging.
UPDATE - Anker support was very helpful after this review was posted.  What I missed was the fact you needed the iPad or equivalent output charging block with this device instead of the small square iPhone block.  Somewhere I missed this.  Once I swapped that out the device has been fully reliable. Thanks Anker - 4 Stars! (5 only for the fact Im out a dedicated 10w charging block now.) Purchased for my wife who got a new iPhone. After only 60 days - dead. Outside return window. Wasted $20.
A bit small, but gets the job done
Works nicely as a wireless charger but doesnt charge wireless nearly as fast as when connected directly to the quick charger (QC 3).
Extremely convenient and charges fairly quickly.  Your phone has to be almost exactly center on this product for it to start charging, however.
I was hesitant to buy it thinking the charge would take forever. To my suprise my iPhone charges in similar time as the cord. Dont need to remove the plastic protector case. You do have to center the phone in the pad, otherwise it wont charge. Other than that, is a great product for the price.
Super easy to use!! Ive had an Anker external backup battery for a few years now and Im hoping this hold up the same! This lights up as well when you get your phone In the correct spot to charge :).
Im Amazed by this little pad its super light and it works really works fast charger in my iPhone X and my Samsung edge plus Thanks Anker for this wireless charger as always anker cant beat them...
I honestly didn’t think this would work with my speck case that holds 3 cards but it surprisingly works great. Definitely would recommend for the price.
Great for the iPhone 8.  I have the iPhone 8 Plus and my wife has the iPhone 8 so this was a bargain to buy two of these wireless chargers.  Slim design yet durable and they work great.
Ive been using it for about two months now and it works as advertised. The build quality is great and it lights up to let you know your phone is charging. I recommend purchasing a good wall adapter or charging will be kind of slow. Overall, if youre looking for a simple wireless charger at a great price then this is it.
Works as described. A little fussy on the phone position before it starts charging  biggest flaw no LED indicator that charging is complete you must use the phone. I also have a Samsung pad and its LEDs glow green when finished. I guess thats the difference between $18 and $50. All in all works great, great value.
Anker makes great products at a great price. Never heard of them so was a little leary to buy, but will continue to search out their products.
Works great through a case in my opinion.  I have a Moto x4 with an add in short tail charging reciever behind a case.  Had an older Qi charger that it would work with but i had to be very precise where I put the phone.  This one is so much better and the indications arent under the phone so you can see that it is active.  I recommend giving this base a chance if you have a charger that is marginal.
It works as advertised right out of the box. I have a thin Spigen case on my phone and no need to remove it at all. It charges regardless of how I place the phone on the pad, The unit is as small as a coffee coaster and very light. I am using it as a slow charger only. I dont need quick charging nor want to invest in yet one more charger. I already own several products by Anker and they are all of good quality. Ordering one more today.
Works well, like the lights part while it charges.
perfect accessory for my new iPhone X and will travel well - excellent small footprint!
charges faster than a plug in.
Awesome product as is all anker products Ive ever owned only a 4 star due to it being a little tricky with the position on the phone kinda have to double check but the indicator lights make it easier over all great charge pad
My daughter asked for this for Christmas. It is exactly what she was looking for.
I bought this as a Christmas present to myself and Ive  been using this product for a few days. The ability to just drop my phone on it and go off to make dinner has a seductive elegance. The kit itself comes in two pieces the disk of the pad and a male USB cable that needs to be plugged into the wall to provide power. I have no lack of powered USB ports to choose from but your mileage may vary. Plan ahead. The LEDs placed on the side of the disk blink for a few seconds when charging begins that provides a nice visual indicator. The unit is powerful enough to charge through a Spigen wallet-cellphone case and does so only marginally slower than without it on. I would make this purchase again. The lights on the side are a nice touch, particularly if you were giving this to someone older who could use that visual confirmation that the device is charging.
Used the stock chargers that came with the s8+ and the provided cable. Its super thin the pictures make it look huge.
Look closely at what devices work and does not!
Overall works wellwith my iPhone 8.  Anker really supports its products, and will go the extra mile to satisfy its customers. Only problem, common to most pads is getting the phone placed correctly on the pad.
Great product.  The light turns on briefly when the charging starts and then fades away, so it does not bother when sleeping.
Placement of the phone on the pad can be a bit tricky.  Gave it a 4 because you have to verify the phone is charging before leaving it.  Charges quickly.
I got this for my wife and she loves it! I will be ordering another one soon as I just upgraded my phone as well. LED indication lights are not bothersome and it has a really nice rubberized finish. It doesn’t slide around and is very easy to use. Doesn’t come with AC adapter but I have plenty of those!
Awesome
UPDATED REVIEW: Anker contacted me after my original dissatisfactory review, and offered to correct the problem. They indicated that there was an updated version of this wireless charger, which they sent me free of charge and I was not require to return the initial one. They have been extremely responsive and have provide top-notch customer service. I wish all companies responded this way if a product does not live up to you satisfaction. New wireless charger works like a charm! Original post: Very disappointed with this product. I did my homework and this wireless charger was rated high for iPhone 8 Plus. However, this wireless charger BARELY charger my phone, even when it was on the charger for hours! Too late for me to return it, but this was definitely a waste of money!!’
Was expecting charge to be faster on the iPhone X Otherwise, product works as expected.
This charger works just fine with my iPhone 8 Plus. No problems connecting even through my Otterbox folio case. Been using it every night for about 5 months now. I left some negative feedback about the seller by mistake as I was reviewing a different item, and Im sorry about that. Everything about this Anker purchase has been top-notch!
This product is great. I have it plugged into the USB port from my alarm clock. It is simple and no frills. I put it on and it lights up blue to let you know the phone is charging. It also has a magnet to kinda guide it and keep it in place. Really great and no complaints.
Works great with Iphone 8 Plus. No problems found :)
Works great with my iPhone 8, charges reasonably fast even through the Anker case I have on it and love that it doesnt take up much room on my desk at work.  I did have an issue with the charging cable that with it, but Anker customer service was outstanding and provided me with a high-quality replacement cable.
Works amazing and wireless charging is so amazing, it even works with a case.
working as expected so far.. happy with the deal i got.
**edit** their customer service reached out and was able to help me out despite being outside of amazons return period. hands down some of the best customer service Ive ever enountered. I may have had a faulty device, but their prompt customer service makes up for it ten-fold. i bought this charger mid february and broke my ankle end of february and left it at work for the entire time, so it didn’t get any use for about 3 months. it’s been at home for a few weeks and now the cord is so finicky I can’t get it to charge. i’m a big fan of anker products but this was a waste. realizing it’s best to stick to your cords.
Previous to this purchase, I had a Pleason Qi Fast Charger.  It was great, but after several months of use, the contact indicator would start blinking inexplicably which annoyed me in the middle of the night as the LEDs are excessively white and bright. This lead me to the purchase of this Anker Qi charger.  Unlike the Pleason, the LEDs are indiscreet with its dim blue lights and arent prone to blink other than when the phone is placed on the charger.  My only complaint is that the charger is pretty flat which makes it difficult to consistently locate the charging coil on my phone.  The Pleasons charging surface was raised in order to easily determine where to place the phone.
Love it! Charges my phone great. The only thing is that it makes a high pitched noise where the usb plugs into the adapter, am not sure if it is the product or the adapter that came with the phone. I do know that the adapter that came with the phone does not make a noise when plugged in with other things. So the noise may be a bit annoying but I can drown out the noise with a little music while I sleep.
Ehhh if you want to charge your phone fast do not get but if you feel lazy and tired and don’t feel like plugging in your phone by instead placing it on this thing for the night it will do
Works well if you put the phone in a specific place on the pad. A little spotty based on where I place my iphone 8 plus, but other than that its been working really well since I got it.
I have a Samsung galaxy S7 with a Spigen clear hard shell case. Using this Anker wireless charger with my Samsung adapter, allows me to fast change my phone even with the cover on. I like that the LED lights turn off after a few seconds when the phone is placed on the charging pad because then I can sleep with it next to my bed without it lighting up the whole room. The LEDs initially stay on for like 5 seconds so I know that its working and charging.
too good and cheap
Production was delivered defective. USB port doesn’t not work so charger will not power on. Anker reached out and sent me a replacement charger that works great.  Very good product
Love the skinny version with blue lights underneath...perfect!
What charge my phone half the time sometimes I will leave it on the charger by the next morning my unit was never charged. AnKer  representative contacted me and notified me that the product that I received was the wrong one he kindly replaced the unit I received now my phone charges perfectly customer service like this is very difficult to find I called this  The Rolls-Royce of customer service I specially wanna thank Lancky for his hard work !!! YOU SHOULD GET A RAISE
I have this paired with an Anker cable and an Anker Powerport +1.  Ive used my Samsung Note 8 as well as my Samsung 8 Plus and it works great.  Each phone is in a case albeit sl8m low profile cases and they both charge perfectly utilizing the fast wireless charging provided from this Anker pad.  I would recommend this to set your phone down on and have it charge assuming your phone is supports wireless charging.
Charges my Samsung 8+ very quickly.  It also has a temperature control so my phone doesnt get hot.  Ive had this problem with other wireless chargers.  For the price its a great product for any Qi enabled phone
Update:  Product stopped working after less than a month, but customer service contacted me right away to make things better.  And I love good customer service!  The device is really cool, but for some reason, this one quit working.  Again, I appreciate them reaching out right away to make things right.  5 Star Service.
Best ever
Good product it works on the note 8 (& my galaxy s6 edge)  thats the only thing I was worried about (it not working) especially since there arent many that specifically list that it will work on note 8. There seems to be so many other choices but this is perfect for the price (especially since most range between 40-60$), charges well, & it fits in your pocket! When I first saw it I loved the size.
Some reviewers are idiots...this charger works perfectly! Does exactly what it says. Mine charges with an Otterbox case and does so fairly quickly. Love it.
The convenience of just leaving your phone on the desk while working and taking it back with full charge is what I didnt know I was lacking in life. This wireless charger is very good and it looks very nice as well. I love Anker products. My favourite power-related brand in the market. I had a power bank from these guys which worked as day one for three years until I managed to lose it. Whenever I need a product in this class I know Anker will deliver. I am definitely a returning customer!
Works very well with my iPhone 8+
Love it!
Love this product!  1st wireless charger I have purchased for my iPhone X, and probably my last. Super fast!
Would prefer it to be red over blue, because the blue is very bright, especially at night.
ive been meaning to get a wireless charger for my phone and this works really well if you have samsung with the fast charging cable this works even better. it works even with my otter case on (both rubber and plastic) i just hope it lasts long.
Suprised how slim it was for the price. Works fairly well for my iPhone X tho it doesn’t not fast charge like the mophie and belkin ones.
Totally satisfied with this product. . .excellent buy!
would buy again
Works well, but the lights should be on when charging not off! (Flashes a couple times when phone placed on pad, then it goes off...
Works great with my iPhone X and thick case
Update 4/14/18: after I posted my product review the company contacted me and provided me with a new charger, which by the way works perfectly on iPhone X and also on Samsung s8. I am very pleased with the customer service that was provided, I do recommend this product! First review: Does not work on iPhones. I have tried numerous times to get to work but have been unsuccessful.
Looks gorgeous & has no problems with it what so ever, charges your phone pretty fast too
Great product!
As usual Anker has a great product to offer I have bought many of their products over the years and up to now they are all been great this is no exception. I use this on my Iphone X and work very well.
Just like any other Anker product it was amazing out of the box and worked flawlessly for year. It is much cheaper compared to the Samsung charger and pretty fast charging the phone as well. Update: After a year of use the charger is failing and quite disappointing, sometimes when I put the phone on charger the blue leds light up but it will not charge the phone. I have to move phone around on the charger for it to start charging. Sometime even moving around does not help, just have to wait for few minutes and put the phone again on charger and it will start charging. Update 12/31/18 - The reason I am giving 5 stars to this product is becoz of the awesome customer service from Anker. Anker customer was more than happy to send in a replacement unit for the defective unit at no cost. I have been using the new unit for over week now and it is working without any problem. Over years I have purchased many Anker products and overall have been very happy with the products from battery to various chargers.
I like it because I set it down with my iPhone in its case and it can charge it fairly quickly.
Works as advertised. However new users should note that wireless charging is much slower compared to wire charging
Great product that works as well or better than the overpriced ones Apple offers on their website. Using this with my iPhone 8 Plus.
Nice product - however time will tell. I am hoping that it will be a great tool for a few years at least.
This Charger is sleek and works well with our Samsung S7/S8. Flashes blue to show your phone has a good connection and the battery is charging. Charge time is fantastic, and my wifes phone is ready to go every morning showing 100% charged. Comes very well packed in a solid box. Had some questions from their Customer Service and response was very quick and friendly with accurate information. I highly recommend this product from this seller. A well earned 5 star rating. A++ if I were rating with the BBB.
Works GREAT another outstanding Anker product. I have IPhone 8 and just dropped it on and bang it works. I have an Element case on and it charges perfect. Is this as fast as a cable hard to say but its close. You must use a IQ wall charger to get fast charge with the new software update from Apple it works as advertised. The soft lighting on the side tells you its on, its charging and when done. the light does not stay on so bedside charging glare is not an issue. Anker makes very good products, not the usual cheap parts and their packaging, instructions and tech support are great. If you research this company and their products on the internet you will see for yourself. I own 2 powercore batteries, 3 chargers and 4 cables plus the new wireless charging. you wont be disappointed.
Update: Anker customer service got in contact with me and sent me a replacement. The new unit works as expected with the case on.  Thanks! At first glance this charger is 5 stars, but I recently got the spigen liquid crystal cover for my LG V30 and now it does not charge when the case is on.  May return and get samsung one which YouTube reviews show works with V30+liquid crystal case. Not a 15 Watt charger, so lg v30 doesnt get quick charge but great for the price
exactly as described
Great price, works great so far. Charges even with thick OtterBox cover on phone. Charges quickly. Love it!
New charger works great. I had an issue and customer service was superb! Very pleased.
Works great. Charges up my iPhone X pretty well and fast
Anker products are the best but even with the 3.0 charger it takes more time than the traditional one. We still like it.
Works awesome, have tested with iPhone and Galaxy devices. Only wish it came with the QC plug.
Good design, not bulky, charges through my otter box case. Would recommend over other chargers.
I love anger products. This is not the best one. The device works perfectly. I have a galaxy s7 in a lifeproof case. Itll charge with the case on which is hard to find for a wireless charger. The only 2 downsides to this product is the cable to the outlet is very short. I would say about 3 feet. Maybe it works for some folks, but not for me. The other thing Ive noticed is, if the unit is plugged into the wall and theres no phone charging on it, it will make a small buzzing noise. I have great hearing so small noises tend to bother me. The rest of my family cant hear it. Having it on my night stand isnt possible. I have to have it further away to not here it.
Works great, makes charging at night easy, and I don’t have to worry about pulling the cord out of the phone.
I had this delivered yesterday. It took all of one minute to set up. I’m using it with Apple’s bigger charger (you supply your own wall adapter) and Anker’s (included) 30” cord. Simply placing my iPhone X on the pad started the charging. I had let my battery run down to about 50% in anticipation. It took barely two hours to reach 100%. There is none of the oft-reported finicky behavior on placing the phone. There is no overheating. It’s smaller (3”), but I like that. It makes having a $1149 phone the pleasure it should be. I just put the phone down with no effort when not in use.
Works with an Otterbox Defender, but must position phone precisely on pas for it to charge
Works well with S7 and s8+ so far, good charge times and nothing has exploded so Im feeling pretty good. Its a bit smaller than the Samsung branded chargers but less finicky about placement. That said though if you listen carefully theres a noise it makes while charging the phones, it kind of sounds like gas leaking through a a wet tire. But it comes and goes so I dont know what to make of it.
Works well, light is on for a few seconds to indicate charging has begun. Very unobtrusive, sturdy, non-slip. I just wish the charging cord was longer. If you have a long distance from the outlet or power strip, you will have to get a longer micro-USB cable. Overall, would buy again.
Works amazingly well. The simple design doesnt take alot of space and easily fits anywhere you put your phone normally.
Updating my review to a 4. The device stopped working but the vendor contacted me immediately to resolve. The issue was with the charging cord and was resolved when I tried a different one.
What a great customer service experience! I had a problem with my initial charger.  They were quick to respond and replace my initial unit.  The replacement works great!!
Works like a dream and so convenient that one tends to charge the phone multiple times during the day- something I never did with the plug-in recharger
This charging pad is awesome. Its super slim and thankfully the light disappears after flashing to note its charging.
Super fast shipping, nice flat charger with fast charging.
UPDATE (3/24/18): Anker contacted me and we determined that it was probably the wall plug that I was using that caused problems. Well, they sent me a Powerport +1 to use with the charger and everything works just as it should. I have used the charger for the last few nights with no hiccups. My phone charges with and without a case although YMMV as my case is thin. I will definitely look into this one again should I decide to purchase another wireless charger. I have been looking for a wireless charger for my iPhone 8 Plus for a while and I have to say I’m not too happy with this one. I read reviews before ordering and I have other Anker products that I love so I thought I couldn’t go wrong with this. I used it the first 2 nights and woke up with a drained battery each night. I have a very thin silicone type case on my phone so I thought it would work with it even though it does say don’t use a case. Hey I had to try! The 2nd night I took the case off and still no charge. Well appparently you have to put the phone on the charger in a specific position for it to charge. The charger was for my nightstand and if I pick my phone up during the night and don’t put it back on there perfectly, it wasn’t charging. I’m not sure if I got a bad device or what. I read a review that someone’s worked with an Otterbox. I have a super thin Insignia case on mine and it didn’t work. I took the case off and it didn’t work either. I put it back in the box and now it just sits there as a waste of my money.
Nice build quality. However you will have trouble if the surface you’re placing this charger on is not level, because your phone will slide off. Works with all the cases I have, even the heavy duty otter box I use. There is a compromise, since this will charge slow. Also if you’re not using an anker brick this will also charge slow. Overall 7/10
Works awesome to charge my Iphone X.  Beats having to plug in a charge cord all the time.  Would recommend this to anyone!
Love these! We ordered two, one for each of our phones and just ordered a third for another room. They are very small and thin but have rubber on the bottom to keep them from sliding and blue lights to show when a device is charging. Charged the phone quickly, even with one having a thicker case on it.
As always, Anker never dissappoints. Another fine product, fairly priced and perfectly functioning. Charges my S7 quite fast, comparable even to the OEM charger + cable.
Fast charger for my I-phone X
Really good product. Not a fast charger so dont expect it to be. However, for my use of just laying the phone down at night its fully charged in the morning with no problems. Havent tested it for speed yet.
Use this every night. I love not having a cord beside my bed. It lights up and indicates when your phone has connect and charging
Love these. Have a few of them throughout my home and office to use with my iPhone X. Much cheaper and just as good as those $50 Samsung and other chargers. SUPER thin as well.
Wonderful product for my apple 8 plus.
What a steal - got it on one of amazons daily deals for $16 and I’m so happy with it. It lights up for just a moment to let you know charging has begun. Charges my iPhone X reliably. It indeed has a quiet high pitched sound when not charging - like another reviewer mentioned. But I can only hear it when it’s right next to my ear. Thankfully, I don’t store this next to my face. So I’m good there.
Good charger, but my phone sometimes slides off.
Received it quick. Had 0 problems with charging iPhone X and Galaxy S9. No matter how you place it on the plate it charges right and quick.
Second update: A few months after receiving the replacement standing charger, it too has stopped working. Rather than charging it just blinks it’s charging light. Very disappointed. UPDATE: Anker reaches out to me after I wrote this review and offered to send me a standing charger. I received it yesterday and it works wonderfully. I’d recommend both this stand and the stand up but if you don’t have a case on your phone, go with the stand up. Great customer service from Anker. Thank you! I enjoyed this product initially but have recently been frustrated with it because if my phone is on the mat and I get any sort of notification that causes even the slightest vibration, then it will move slightly and stop charging. It’s particularly frustrating when you wake up in the morning with a dead phone. If I could go back in time, I would have purchased one of the chargers that is shaped like a stand as I feel like this problem wouldn’t happen. Anker,  if you’re reading this and there is a way for me to swap this out for your other standing charger, please reach out.
Works great with the iPhoneX, I’ve had no issues with alignment or overheating. I use it on my work desk so I can keep my phone topped up during the day without having to deal with plugging and unplugging a cable. Like all wireless chargers the charging rate is slower, but for casual occasional use throughout the day it’s great. My only complaint is that the construction does not feel as premium as most Anker products.
Not sure what to write about other than the fact that it works and the price was good, Bought one for my wife and one for myself.
A Christmas gift for my grandson. He loves it. Works so well.
I originally thought wireless charging was silly.  I have a at my desk and by my bed and its not *that* hard to set the iPhone down on the charger-at least not at my desk. Ive come around.  I still use the HiRise stand on my desk so I can sync with iTunes but Im using an at my bedside because its easier than trying to get the phone back on the stand in the dark while Im laying down. I decided to buy one of these for a recent trip for the same reason.  I can easily pick up my phone without cables being in the way and place it back on the charger.  This thing is ridiculously thin and slides into one of the flat pockets in my cable bag.  I use a 1ft MicroUSB cable to plug it into an Anker 5 port charger. I was concerned about it working through my LifeProof Fre case for iPhone X but it seemed to worked just fine.  I dont know how fast its charging because it was used for overnight charging where time wasnt really a factor.
good
Slow changing but works. You should use this as an "overnight" charger and not a "during the day" kind of charger. It charges very slow but it works.
I use this for night time charging so I am not sure how fast it actually charges. When you place your phone correctly over the pad the blue leds light up for a few seconds - pretty easy to charge your phone no matter how tired you are before bed!
100%100
This charger works great.  Just charges...fast.
Seems way harder than it should to line the phone up on the device to charge. Might be that its just a smaller mat for compact nature, but it makes it harder to charge with. Anker  reached out about my issues and helped to resolve them though. So that was quite nice. Ive always enjoyed the Anker products and customer support that come with them.
Great basic knit glove, and sports the Timberland logo too :)
Works well. Charging indicator isn’t too bright. I prefer the upright charger because verifying placement is easier where you just have to place it on where on the flat model you have to verify the alignment it two directions.
Works great, no need for more expensive version.  NOTE that you do need to get a strong enough adapter, will not work with your typical apple usb wall adapter.  This frustrated me when i first used it and it didnt work after the first night, but after ordering another Anker 2 USB adapter that was at least 10W, works like a charm. First night i used it i knew it changed my life - no more leaning out of bed to look for the cable... best $20 i spent this year.
UPDATE REVIEW!!! If You Put Your Phone On The Charger And The Blue Lights Just Keep Blinking But Your Phone Isnt Charging, Try To Restart Your Phone 1st Then Try To Charge it Again. Thats What Happened To Me Yesterday With My Note 8 Im Using This With My Galaxy Note 8. I Have A Kinda Slim Spigen Case On it and it Charges it Through The Case. It does Fast Charge My Phone. Great Wireless Charger For The Price. The Only Negative Thing is The Wire it Comes With it a little Short. maybe about a foot an a half. So i Had To use a Longer Wire.
Works well arrived as described.
Easy set up, charges faster than I thought it would.
I love how small and thin this thing is. I also appreciate how the LED only turns on for a few seconds. I can actually use this one in my bedroom.
The unit works as advertised and charges my iPhone 8 Plus fairly quick. My only complaint is that you cannot tell when the phone is fully charged as the lights are, for the most part, under the phone. A slightly bigger base with an additional light indicating a complete charge has been completed would be helpful. Other than that I am please with the charger and it was half the price of others.
Got this as a replacement for a faulty Anker charger. The company has excellent customer service. My previous charger was faulty and I contacted Anker. They sent me this one. Am very happy with this sleek charger. Have no problem charging through my silicone case for my iPhone 8 Plus.
Anker for the win again!! Fast wireless charging for my iPhone X and iPhone 8. It even works great through cases!
When I place my iPhone 8 on the pad all it says is its charged , I left it on the pad for over an hour and it went from 40 to 57 . If I use my Anker power bank it charges it from less than 10% to  over 85% , in an hour , and Im using one of their 18 watt plugs with it . Update : Anker  as always handle the problem promptly , they contacted me and asked , what issues I was having. After telling them the problems I, Anker came to the conclusion ,that I had a defective unit ,and sent out a replacement , now my Ipone 8 plus chages as iI needed and wanted . Anker  takes care of there customers
It just works! I haven’t tried the max advertised charging because I believe you need to get a separate charger. But it works perfectly with the iPhone X
NOTE this is an UPDATED review  on a previously returned product. After returning the item and not leaving a stellar review, ANKER Customer Service reached out to address my concerns... they than graciously offered free of charge another unit to try again..i am happy to say this unit works as would have been expected from the first unit. I have a card case with 4 credit cards in it and this charges without issues.. additionally alignment issues are not longer a problem... a GREAT wireless charger!!!
This is an excellent wireless charger, it has a very compact size and takes little space on your desk or table. Im using it for my iPhone X and works fine with or without a case. Obviously it doesnt have fast charging for the iPhone X but I have no complains.
It seemed slow, so I started timing it. I have the iphone x with a red silicone case from apple and the anker quickcharge wall charger and the 6ft powerline+ cable. I get about 20% per half hour, and I think thats actually pretty good. while its charging i try not to move it a lot if i care about getting it charged fast. you can just tap on the face of the phone to wake it so you can use music controls and see the clock and your notification banners. UPDATE: the original unit died after 4 months and they shipped me a new one that works great within a week or two. Awesome customer service!
Works pretty good not as fast as I thought but pretty fast..
Easy to use
Great rapid inductive charger. Extremely easy to use, and small size is great for travelling
Looks good!
Charges fast and is very low profile.  I was able to disassembly it and add magnets to create car mount for my phone (probably voided the warranty).  But the cost was low enough that I didnt hesitate. At less than a 3rd the cost of Samsungs fast wireless charger this was a no-brainer.  Not quite as fast as wired fast charge, but still impressive charging my S7 Edge.  Doesnt come with a fast charge USB adapter, which is required for the fast-charge feature.  Anker is trusted brand.  The best chargers and cables I own are all Ankers.  Way better than the flimsy stuff from Apple and Samsung. I got this at a 10%discount using a code sent to me in a sales-ad email from Anker.  They did NOT solicit a review from me for this discount.
It is frustrating that you have to remove the case to charge.  It wasnt a surprise, I just didnt realize that because of this, I tend to not use much.  Otherwise, as long as you use it in conjunction with a quick charge wall adapter, it works as promised.
Ive been wanting a phone with wireless charging for some time. Not long ago my big opportunity presented itself when I upgraded my old  G3  to a  Galaxy S7 Edge. The salesperson attempted to peddle an obscenely overpriced Samsung charger. I declined, knowing that Id be much better served with one of these, because: 1. Its way more affordable; 2. Excellent rating and reviews; 3. Its an Anker product - you cant go wrong with Anker. My new Edge is ensconced in an Otterbox Symmetry case, which offers no interference with charging (which is surprisingly fast).  And its not a big deal to find the sweet spot. Using this thing is a no-brainer: just plop your cell  squarely in the middle of the pad. Your phone will chirp and give a visual cue its charging. Easy as pie. This pad has a nice, sleek design, and rubber pads keep it solidly in place. Its flat, light and extremely portable - as it should be, because its a permanent part of your phone. From now on, all my phones will be Qi  compatible. One cant help but make the bold prediction this will soon become the rule, rather than the exception. As a matter of fact, a lot of new car models are equipped with built-in Qi charging. Qi is unbelievably convenient, and Anker is savvy to position themselves in this burgeoning market.
Perfect
This charges quickly and reliably. Placement has to be a little more specific than some other chargers Ive used, but its still pretty easy to place and get charging. Id recommend this to friends.
My charging port on my phone broke, so I need to use wireless chargers until its time for my upgrade. This charger claims to be "fast" but it is not at all. It is faster than my other verizon wireless charger, but still a noticeably slow charge. I do love that it is so small and portable. It charges my phone through my Otterbox case with no problem, though it does take some finesse to get the proper angle for the charging to begin.
I wonder how I got by without one of these in the past.  Works well for me, even with a case on my phone.  I dont have to fear damage to the micro  USB port any more.
Great product, especially for the price. Took it out of the box plugged into an AC adapter and that was all the setup. Laid my S7 face up on the charge pad and the phone signalled charging.keep in mind this not for an iPhone. Theyre  not qi wireless charge compatible.
I use this to charge my Galaxy S7 rather than putting unnecessary wear on the micro USB port.  It does the job, but you do have to put some effort into making sure the phone is oriented on top of the charger "just so".  (For what its worth, I use a very thin phone case.)
Works great.  But you need a quick charge power supply to go with it.  Does not come with charger or cable.  I am using Ankers quick chatge charger and this combo works perfectly.  Bought another one for the office!
Works as expected and looks nice enough while doing so.  I appreciate that the lights come on to let you know it connected and then turn right back off, it might be a bit garish if they stayed on while charging. Works very easily with no case on my S7 edge.  Still works with a case (specifically, I am using this case: https://www.amazon.com/Spigen-Hybrid-Flexible-Protection-Reinforced/dp/B01BOTBTBO) but requires a slightly more exact placement on the charging pad. Doesnt come with a wall quick charger (which is necessary for the higher speed charging capabilities), but if you are like me you have no shortage of them in the first place.
UPDATE: I believe I received a bad charger and that was when I left this review.  The replacement charger works great.  It charges good through my phone case.  It did not charge through my sons phone case but he said he has problems with the Samsung flat charger he has also. ORIGINAL REVIEW:I received my charger today and promptly threw away the little insert in the package that invited you to let the company know if youre happy or unhappy. I tried to find it in the trash but I couldnt find it.  Im giving this 2 stars because the charging is very slow on regular charge mode which apparently what it is doing at this time.  I have a Samsung quick charger by my bedside but wanted one to put by my computer which is why I purchased this one. I first noticed that I had to position my phone just perfectly for it to charge.  My Samsung is a little particular also but not near this particular about placement. On regular charge, this charger is much slower than using a regular cable.  I didnt realize part of the problem until I went back to Amazon and read the details that I had not read before I purchased this product.  The detail that I missed was that you have to buy the wall charger separately.  If I now purchase the wall charger separately, I will be paying more for the entire unit than the Samsung brand quick charger plus the cord that comes with this charger is pretty flimsy.  So far, I am unhappy with the slow charging (even on "regular" charge) and the flimsy cable.  I should have done more research.
This fast wireless charger has a small footprint that produces large results. It has a solid build, smooth lines and fits any decor. I can say withoit a doubt Anker produces the best high quality electronic devices available. I used the original wall charger which enabled fast charging. Once plugged in the blue lights come on but go off after charging is initiated. I wish that the lights pulsed until charging is complete.  I do have 2  other wireless charger brands but compared to this one I noticed one huge difference. The anker wireless charger did not get hot as the others do.  In the box you will get the wireless charger and cable, all you need is a power source. You wont be disappointed with this product. I do have a Spigan case at have no issued charging my S7 in the case.
This is my first wireless charger so I dont have anything else to compare it to, but I love this thing. It took about 2 hours to charge my S7 from 5% to 100%. I have a Spigen Neo Hybrid case, and it didnt cause any issues with charging. I love not having the extra cable dangling from my desk. I just sit my phone down next to my keyboard and grab it when I need it. No more fussing with wires.
The Anker charger allows you to sloppily slap your phone down without much regard to positioning at all, which is especially great when coming home drunk in the dark (blue leds fade through to confirm your accomplishment in responsibility given your state of arrival). Other qi chargers I had purchased for comparison required me to align the phone accurately to initiate charging, and I simply cant be bothered with that level of effort. It seems to charge with the phone at any angle of rotation as long as it is generally centered, unlike the others. This also seems to be the most sleek and thin of the random assortment of qi chargers I had amassed.
So far so good.  Only downfall is that i have an Otterbox case on and it is difficult on finding the right placement on the placement to activate the charger.  Low profile which is great too.
Worth every penny!
I love this charging pad - I use it constantly throughout the day at work.
excellent!
Another wonderful Anker product. It works perfectly with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, and my Note 7, before the recall. The form factor is perfect, and while I dont necessarily like the style of the blue LED lighting, it is useful to know when youve placed the phone right and that its started charging. It does work with Samsungs "Fast Charge"
This charger does work, and does exactly what it says it does so I cant fault it. It looks very nice on a nightstand and it doesnt have constant flashing lights that keep me up at night. However, it does take a minute to find the spot to charge the phone on the pad. It might just take some practice. In all great product, but I wish it was easier to find the charging coils.
This works great, purchased a fast charge battery and now have a Note 4 capable of fast charging.  from about 25% charge to full charge in less than 90 minutes.
UPDATE: Anker contacted me and sent me a replacement, new one works perfectly. Anker is #1. Works, but its kind of touchy getting it to start charging sometimes even without a case. The magnetic field doesnt always detect the phone and you have to play with it a little to get it to line up right. 1st issue Ive ever had with an Anker product.
excellent product. I little bit lighter than expected but it charges my S6 flawlessly (I cannot test it with the fast charge feature)
On week 2 with this charger, using it with a Samsung S7. Wake up to a phone with 100% charge, and getting the phone centered on the pad and accepting a charge is extremely easy to do (I havent had issues with the phone not charging). On top of that, the pad lights up when the phone starts charging, but the lights turn off so it isnt annoying at night. Overall, this is a very compact quick charger that works well and initially feels like a high quality product. I do not regret buying it over the official Samsung wireless charger.
Works great as a Qi pad, but wont charge in "fast" mode on my Droid Turbo 2.  Tried two different pads and two different Turbo 2s, and no luck. Ankers support is great and theyre refunding my purchase.  Just beware they thought the pad supported the Turbo 2 in fast charge mode, so other phones may not work either. I found it very easy to get my phone to line up correctly with the charger and it works through my gel case, which isnt very thick. I recommend as a Qi pad, but not for fast charge unless you have a later model Samsung or youve verified your model works.
I really like this charger for a lot of reasons: 1) It works! And thats not sarcasm, this wireless charger is almost as fast as the Samsung fast charger cable that came with my Galaxy S7 and I dont have to fumble with it or get it onto some sweet spot on the charging pad to get it to work. 2) Looks. Its slim and sleek and doesnt look like some of the older, dorkier generations of wireless charge pads.  It looks great on my desk at work and people ask about it all the time. 3) Easy.  Im lazy and hate messing with cables all the time, especially when Im at work. I can just put my phone down and get some extra charge since I tend to run my battery down during the day.  Also, no setup required, I just plugged it in straight out of the box and it worked with my phone. Downsides: There are blue LED light that sometimes comes on around the base of the charger and I find this a little annoying at night.  Also, they should sell these things in 3 packs since 1 really isnt enough.
Okay, so Ive been on a search for a good wireless charger that is a fast charger.  They seem hard to come by. The issues I have with this one are twofold.  1) positioning the phone is a bit finicky compared to others Ive tried - but that is minor.  2) it does not work through my silicon case.  Now I know all of these chargers recommend taking the case off and the case needs to be a certain thinness, but this is the first charger (out of 3 different kinds) that wont charge AT ALL with my case on.  Even if it would charge at slow rate (ie not fast charge) I could accept that fact, but it wont charge at all with my case. 10/26/16 update: Anker has contacted me.  What a great company - they have asked me to send them the charger back and my case (they will reimburse me for the case and send replacement charger) so that they can figure out whats wrong with the combination.  No other company would try to resolve an issue like this nor bother to try to figure out the problem.  This is how they can improve future products.  Ive seen other reviews saying it works with their thick cases, so maybe I just got a bad charger?  I will update my review/rating with the results of the replacement.  Thank you Anker for being a company that truly cares about its customers. 10/31/2016 update: Received replacement from anker along with their anker charger.  I also got a different case (Spigen Neo Hybrid Galaxy S7 Case with Flexible Inner Protection and Reinforced Hard Bumper Frame).  I dont have my original case to try since I sent it back to anker, but this case actually seems thicker than that one.  First of all, let me say with the anker charger and spigen case, I have no issues at all - the phone fast charges (positioning is still a tad finicky, but not a big deal).  So I also tried it again with my original samsung charger, and although I was able to get it to charge (fast) with the case on, positioning became even more finicky - maybe the original samsung chargers arent as strong as the anker one. So, I have updated this to 5 stars presuming you use ankers charger (if you use samsung charger, then 4 stars)
I have a UAG plastic case on my S7 and I think this makes it more difficult to line up the pad to charge my phone. Its not anything that is terrible, I just have to be careful to ensure the phone is actually charging. With the case on, the charging pad has to be just about exactly in the middle of the phone.  When it is lined up, however, the pad does its job quite well. I used the fast charger provided with the S7 and when the pad charges, it always fast charges. Additionally, the pad itself has nice build quality, as well as being rubberized where your phone lays. On the bottom,  there are nonslip grips. I do recommend this product, and not having used any other wireless charging pads, I couldnt say if the phone would need to be lined up as specifically with a different pad.
I got this wireless changer for my Samsung Note 5. It has very slim profile, and works very well. Its half the cost of what Samsung charges for their wireless charger. my only complaint is I wish that when my phone is fully charge the lights will going green so i know that its fully charged. When you first put your phone on the charger blinks 3 times then shuts off. All in all its a great charger I got a second one for my car! I love that i dont need to plug it in i can just set in on the charge and i am good to go.
good but i resend back did not like how pad and cell would get very warm order Samsung fast charged and with their built in fan its has it much better and it also charged a half hour faster so sorry but i have to recommend the Samsung fast charger
I love Anker products, they just work, and this is no different. This charger is much thinner than the Qi charger that Ive been using for years, however it is also significantly larger than my old charger, so it takes up some more space on my desk. For comparison purposes Ive been using it with a Nexus 5, and I can see the pad hanging out the sides beneath it. Of course then again I dont have to worry about whether I have the phone fully on the charger or not. All in all its not bad, just different. The one big complaint I have with the charger is that the lights only blink for the first few seconds while charging and then nothing at all, so Im not entirely sure if its still doing anything or not. But I have it on a flat surface and the charging pad has enough grip that I dont really think I need to worry about the phone shifting. Im actually able to tilt the charger to about a 35-40 degree angle before my phone starts to slide off, so if you dont have a perfectly flat surface to charge on or you want to prop it up on a stand you could do that as well. I dont have a phone with both wireless charging and fast charging so I havent been able to test that feature out yet.
Purchased this one, since it looked newer than Ankers other offering. So far have been impressed. I have a mophie wireless charging battery case on my iPhone 6s Plus, and this charger works like a charm. The older generation worked, but randomly would have loss in power. So far, this unit has worked miracles. Highly recommend spending the extra money.
After using this product for about 3 months it was not fast charging my phone anymore. I contacted the customer service of Anker and wow they are good. They requested for me to send it back to them after we did some trouble shooting. When I sent it back they sent me a replacement right away. You keep hearing they have awesome customer service but now I actually had to deal with it and it was really great. Thanks for taking care of it.
This wireless charger have fast charging capability for my Samsung S& (hence 10W), and I like how think this wireless charger is. Sometimes I had trouble finding the sweet spot to charge my phone, but thats because I carry a rather bulky case.
Easy to use (just plug it into your existing phone AC adapter in place of the USB cable), super convenient and does the job. Its not quite as fast as cabled charging but its still plenty fast enough for most people. For t hose who arent clear, this device does do wireless Fast Charging, so it is faster than most of the pads that cost less than this, which usually dont have the Fast Charging feature.
Purchase one charging pad about a year ago and it stopped working. Contacted Anker customer service and they sent a replacement know problem. A company that stands behind their product with no questions is a rare find. Highly recommend
Works perfectly, I have 2.
Update- I switched to a different plug for the 3rd one and now it is working well as well! We have ordered 3 of these total.  2 are fzntastic- absolutely 5 stars.  The 3rd one isnt working as well- it charges much slower than the other 2 and emits a high pitched noise sometimes when it is charging.
Works great and amazing customer service. Had an issue with original but it was promptly replaced with another unit. Very satisfied.
Works as advertised.  I use this Anker 10w wireless charger with either an OEM Samsung wall plug/USB cord or one of my Anker wall plug/USB cord combos to charge a Samsung S9 phone.  The S9 states it is being "Fast Charged". So its 100% compatible with S9s. Anker is the only aftermarket company I get chargers and cords from.
Works as expected.
Im very like the wireless charger from Anker but Its stop working after few months. I emailed to Anker to complain about the item, and they just sent me the new one right away, and this one so far so good. Thank you Anker!
Love the ease of just putting down your phone on the pad to get it charged
This is a decent wireless charger. I would recommend not unplugging it much or moving the charging cable. I had an issue with mine where it would no longer receive power unless I held the cable at an angle. The usb port seems to have gotten beat up, seems cheap and not very stable. I contacted Anker and they replaced it under warranty and I received it quickly. Their customer service was very good and it was easy to work with them. I use this at work and with the replacement Ive taken a 10w iPad charger to use with it and am leaving it in a permanent position on my desk instead of constantly plugging it into my laptop. I think this will help it last longer.
At first this charger worked great. I like how it lights up to let you know it’s working then turns off. But I’ve been using it for about 4 months now and it’s not charging anymore.  It lights up to make you think it’s charging, but my phone is dead in the morning. Not too happy :( Update...***Ankers customer service was great!  They exchanged this item for me with the stand charger. I actually like it better because you dont have to make sure your phone is centered on the pad.  You just sit it on there.  It works great!  Thanks Anker!
It’s a good wireless charger!
Great wireless charger. Quick charges my Galaxy s9 with a thin case on it.
Product is nice and compact. I like how it lights up when placing your phone on it to ensure it is charging. I ordered a few of these. One was defective but customer service was amazing and quick to make it right. Highly recommend.
Works well
Good product but it doesnt come with the wall plug. Kinda disappointing.
Great product. Charges fast.
Great
Does your dad work from his office? Get him this i love watching him figure out how his phone charges without wires. I try to explain it but he cant seem to grasp it, just get it for you, for him, for your girlfriend your charging ports will last longer and save yourself the problem later.
Update:  I reached out about the item not working even after my return window was closed and they are taking care if all my issues.  Great customer support Charging pad quit working after a few months will not keep a charge going.  It charges for like 5 seconds then stops then starts then stops and will keep doing that it will not stay connected on my Iphone XR.  I initially thought I might have a phone problem but after trying other chargers realized it was this charging pad
Convenient
I got it as replacement for different Anker charging pad that I purchased. This is not a fast charger for iPhones but I am fine with it because I am using it to charge my phone overnight. It has very slim design that I like, it looks very slick on night stand. the only complain that I have is that light that indicate that phone is charging goes away after 10 seconds. I know that some people do not love to have any lights in their bedrooms, but I like to know if my phone is charging without a need to touch it.
So the first one I received worked fine but only if the wire was in the perfect spot, Anker reached out to me immediately and sent me a replacement. I’m hoping that this was a one product issue but either way the company treats its customers very well!
Unit no longer charges. I checked the usb outlet and it functions properly.  Looks like the pad has failed. Not happy as it only lasted 5 months. Update on 4/20/19. Contacted vendor and they replaced the unit with a new one. Replacement works as advertised. Changed my rating as the company stood behind the product and it is currently working.
I love this wireless charger, 10watts is fast enough to charge most of wireless devices It has sticky grips at the bottom so thankfully it doesnt slide around It connects to a USB micro B I just wish Anker would step up and change the newer one to a USB-C I am all in favor of making everything USB-C!
When I upgraded to a phone which supports wireless charging, I snapped up a few of these to seed around my house and office.  They work, to an extent, but my phone always reports that its "charging slowly" on each of them.  Because of the convenience of not plugging my phone in, its not much of an impediment but it is a shame that Im not actually charging as quickly as my phone will apparently support. That said, for the price, its hard to complain!
Works great
First wireless charger I have bought so not much to compare it to but it seems to work great.  Nice quality.  Works on my Galaxy S7, Galaxy S8, and iPhone X
Charges well, no issues.
Works great with iPhone XR. Love the convinience of just laying the phone down to charge it. Magic!
Ive bought others that were junk.  This works well.  Would and have recommended already.
Saves wear and tear on your phones USB port.
I have had great experiences with Anker products so I didn’t hesitate when I saw they had a wireless charger. I use it for my iPhone 8. At night, I put it on there when going to seep. In the morning it’s charged. I have had no issues with it. The only thing I have dealt with is I might get up and knock it off in the middle of the night. And that is just part of putting a phone on a wireless charger, not the charger itself.
Really good charger especially the price
I bought this for 12 bucks well worth it
Great product. Makes my life easier on a daily basis.
I throughly enjoy using this charger, seems to have decent flexibility about where the phone has to be placed. The only gripe I have, which is minor, is that I have had to unplug it sometimes since it will no longer recognize my phone. This happens so infrequently that I dont feel its warrant of removing a star.
Excellent
I bought this because I like the idea of a cordless charger because its a good excuse to not use your phone at night. I had an iPhone X when I bought this and it did fine. I gave it 4 stars because it needs to be in a pretty exact spot to charge and it isnt centered. I recently switched to a Pixel 3 and it charges much slower than a USB C charger that I bought. So if you need a quick charge, this is not the way to go.
This is exactly what I needed as my old phone stopped working plugged in for charges.
Anker is my go to brand for stuff like this.  I bought a stand up version and now this one.  The LED lights only blink for a short time so that you know its charging.  Works on my sons iPhone XS Max.
Purchased for my iPhone 8 to use at my office.  Solid build quality, nice looking and unobtrusive.  The charger is ringed with blue LEDs that light up when the phone is being charged, which is a nice touch.  I have an older RAVPower wireless charger that has an annoyingly small "sweet spot" and a tiny led indicating charging status; this has caused me to wake to a dead phone (the horror!) multiple times.  Havent timed charging rate, but it seems fast enough.  My phone is often at 50% when I get to the office - location services are power hungry - but its always fully charged when I pick it back up.  Only complaint is that the device doesnt come with a power adapter to plug into the wall, but Ive got a silly number of the things knocking about my house so this was no big deal.
Word well
Wow amazing works as written!
Good product
It charges my iPhone 8plus very slow. For the most part I just end up plugging my iPhone on a cord directly. Maybe it’s defective? But I don’t want to risk spending the money again Updated Review 8:31 Initially I did not like the older model. But after leaving my review Anker contacted me personally to apologize and asked me what they can do to resolve the issue that I was having. They offered to send me the newer version which is honestly 5x better than the one I purchased. I commend Anker for such wonderful customer service and for standing by their product.
Fast charges my Samsung Galaxy S8 plus. Awesome product!! Highly recommend it.
Excellent product as advertised
it is good n works fine n charges my cell
Great
Works great with my Samsung phone when other ones wouldnt
This wireless charger is great! Sure, sometimes my phone gets a bit warm, but thats to be expected. Anker has a newer model that solves this problem. It seems reasonable when it comes to the time it takes to charge my iPhone X as well.
slim and well charging
Im not happy that the lights turn off while charging, theres no telling if the phone is still charging or if its been bumped off the charger since you set it down. UPDATE: Anker has contacted me and provided me with a unit where the light stays on while charging, but its of a different style. I really hope the next version they make of this they keep the lights going. Very happy with their customer service. They want to make very sure that everyone is happy with their product.
Works as expected but looks cheap. The surface of the pad is harder than I expected and kind of slippery so has to be put on a very flat and steady surface.
very good, everything I expected it to be!
Excellent and very easy to use
I bought this wireless charger because it it compact and easy to carry. I needed a charger to travel with. Overall, the product worked great. Its quiet and it charges just as quickly as plugging in directly. My only concern was after a few months of daily use, the mini-usb port became damaged and wouldnt charge unless the cord was held to a certain angle. This may be due to travel with the cord still attached.  So my suggestion would be to unplug it from the cable if you transport it. Thankfully, when I emailed Anker, Stacey from the Anker support team reached out right away and offered to replace the product at no charge. The replacement was brand new and was shipped just as fast as the original purchase. Because of the customer service of Anker, I maintain a 5 star review for this charger because you know the product is backed up.
I like this charger I would recommend this to anybody works great
I really love Anker products. Never been disappointed.
Worked great at first, but after six months it no longer charges my phone....BUT After posting a review customer service reached out directly and sent me a replacement at no charge. So far the new charger is working great!
She likes it way better than a cord that you have to plug in.
Great charger. I love the lights turn off after the base notifies you its started charging. This can also be a bad thing if the phone is moved and youre unsure its still charging. I use it primarily on my night stand and have no other complaints.
I have five of these devices around my home and one for travel.  When one of the chargers stopped working Anker was extremely prompt and responsive in replacing the unit once I provided appropriate documentation.  Its nice to work with a company that stands by their products!
Does exactly what its suppose to. Not as fast as a rapid plug in charge but still pretty quick. The price is the icing on the cake and makes it very worth the buy.
Anker products never disappoint me!
I can never say enough good things about Anker products. Ill always go with them if available.
I use this every day on my night stand. I have an Otterbox Symmetry case, which is not bulky, but also not super-thin. I am able to charge my phone consistently with the case on, but there is a fairly small "sweet spot" that I have to align. Fortunately the chargers LEDs indicate when Ive hit that sweet spot, so this is only a few seconds of alignment.
So I’ve finally have had time to put the wireless charger to use. First I thought I might have knocked it off the charger but then I watched it and saw my phone sliding off of it for no reason. It wasn’t vibrating or anything. Now I don’t have a case on my phone and maybe that has something to do with it but other than that I have no idea why it’s doing this. My phone slid off of the chargers 3 times in 15 minutes. Pretty disappointed in this since I’ve always looked for the Anker name when i buy accessories for my iPhone. I guess this will be my first one I’ll need to return -UPDATE- Very soon after writing this review I was contacted by an Anker representative about my issues. Like truly great businesses, Anker took care of me and sent me another product and it’s absolutely perfect.
Recently got an iPhone XS and decided to get this for my desk at home. Works like a charm; even with a case on.  Can’t vouch for all cases, but it works with the leather Apple case and other thinner 3rd party cases.
Works as it should
I wrote an initial review and rated this 2 stars.  The main reason was because my iphone XR without a case would not stay on the charger.  It would slide off and so wouldnt charge.  I am updating to 4 stars for 2 reasons.  One, is that with a case on my phone, it appears to stay in place.  Two, Ankers customer support was excellent, and they offered to exchange the charger for a different one.  Since I usually use a case on my phone, I think I will keep this one.  The price was right, and it seems to work fine now.
Works perfectly with iPhone 8+. Charges fast. Lights up when it “connects” then fades.
Customer service contacted me and sent a replacement product very quickly.  The customer service team was very responsive and worked to ensure that it was in fact the wireless pad vs. the wall charger.  I got the new wireless pad within days and so far it is working well. --- Stopped charging my phone after 9 months
My charger worked flawlessly for about 8 months & then suddenly stopped charging. The blue lights no longer stayed on & it didn’t charge my phone. I contacted customer service & after some trouble shooting & answering questions they sent out a new warranty replacement. All is good again!
Good quality
Easy way to charge. Cant comment on battery life or durability because I havent had it long.
Easy to use and convenient.
I have Anker products all over my house.  The quality is second to none and the price is very reasonable for what you are getting.  My device did fail after using for around 6 months.  I reached out to Anker and they replaced it with no hassle.  I highly recommend all of their products.
Exactly as advertised. Delivered safely and speedily. Thanks!
The product is as described and works well. It was delivered in a timely manner, and I a very satisfied with it.
Fast charging for iPhone XS Max, and yes I don’t have to look at the phone to make sure it’s charging (with the silence turned on)
Good product. Brought this versus the Samsung unit. Uses micro usb, not USB-C like the Samsung version. It works!
For 13 bucks, cant beat what it is
I expected this to be a mindless purchase, just like everything else, but what the company didnt deliver well in the product description was that the wall charger isnt included. Its mentioned on one of the product pictures, in small print (I mean really, who looks through all of the product pictures in fine detail?), and in the printed product description, you have to really dig to the bottom to see the mention that the wall charger isnt included. This company makes good products, but they need to work on HOW they sell their products, such as putting the words "WALL CHARGER NOT INCLUDED" in the main product description, in ALL CAPS, instead of burying that minor detail in regular font on the last bullet point. Buying a fast charger, or any charger, shouldnt require effort on the buyers part to look for critical information like that. Now I have to make a separate purchase to buy a fast-charging wall charger thats compatible, probably from the same company, so I know itll work with this wireless charging pad. UPDATE: I finally got a fast charger, also through Anker, and it will not fast charge my Galaxy S7, but only charge at the normal speed. Ive read that it might be due to the case I use, but at least I know it works now. UPDATE pt.2 : They sent me out a wall charger, to make amends for my initial review. Since I had already bought a wall charger as indicated by the first update, I now have 2 chargers, one of which I dont need. Personally I think it would have been nice if they refunded the charger I bought from them, instead of sending me out another one.
Charges fast, and is unobtrusive in my living room until I need it.
We use this with iPhone Xs with lifeproof cases on them. It will charge through the case with ease. Have used it every night  for several weeks now and it has worked beautifully. We now have 3 of them around the house.
I bought two charging pads for my iPhone X, both Anker products.  This unit I use for my night table at home. In the week i have had this product I have woken up twice with an almost dead battery, even though before falling asleep it told me it was charging. Other times i have to unplug the unit completely and plug it back in to get it to work. Ive also tried two different apple USB plugs to make sure that was not the issue.  Unlike other Anker products, unfortunately iIcannot recommend this specific product since its just been too inconsistent. Edit... Anker customer service was VERY quick to reach out to me about my issue. Offered me a new device but first asked me to try a different power pug.  After swapping the plug with one besides the apple plug this unit worked as it should..  A+ customer service!
This charger works just as intended with my iPhone. The top has a padded surface so it wont scratch the back of my phone, also acts as a grip so the phone wont slide off easily. It has such a low profile, its smaller than a drink coaster. I might get another one for home.
The charger I received had some intermittent issues not charging my phone. Anker customer service had me try a few things, but did not resolve the issue. They sent a new charger which seems to be working just fine. Great to see a company stand behind their product!!!
I love this charger.  I bought one for my wife and one for me.  Hers charges thru the faux leather case on her iphone and mine charges thru a sturdy Spigen TPU case.  No problems connecting, charges reasonably fast.  I highly recommend this product.
Works as promised.
Ive always liked Anker products and this wireless charging pad is no exception. Excellent product.
Great wireless charger takes the hassle out of charging and protects your phones ports at the same time...
I have it on my nightstand to avoid plugging my IPhone XR to the factory cable charger, which I only take with me when I travel.
I like how thin and unassuming it looks on my desk. Great to be able to charge different brands of phones on the same charging pad. Seems to charge quite quickly.
I have an Otter Box on my iPhone and really like how it protects my phone so well. But, the only issue I have with it is removing the tab to attach the charging cable so I started looking for an easier charging alternative. When I checked for charging pads, the Anker product reviews were awesome. Ive purchased Anker products in the past so I knew I would get a quality charger.  At first, the charger worked really well and I liked the ease of just setting my phone on the charger and having my phone charge quickly. I then started having problems with my phone charging and contacted Anker and they gave me suggestions on how to fix the problem. After a few tries, we came to the conclusion the mini USB cable was the culprit. Anker immediately sent a new cable and my charger again works great. I will definitely purchase Anker products in the future because theyre an awesome company with very helpful and knowledgable service reps.
This is a high quality wireless charger. It works real well, grips surfaces well, the blue led’s are cool, and it looks good! Overall very satisfied with my purchase of this product.
Works well and as intended. The cable is a bit shot but everything works good.
A must have for wireless charging
Super easy to use, and charges my S9 exceptionally fast.
Great and easy to use but no warranty card !
Updated: Anker product support contacted me and suggested i try a different wall charger. I plugged it to an Anker Fast charger (purchased separately)and now the charging plate does fast wireless charging. End of update --- I love Anker products in general. But this one didnt quite make the mark. Ive been using this wireless charger for a couple of months. The charger does not fast charge as advertised - at least it doesnt fast charge my Samsung S9. The phone says Charging and not Fast charging and it actually takes much longer than a non-fast charging wall charger to fully charge the phone.
It’s just an inch shorter than my iPhone 8 but i can’t just set it on the wireless charger. The phone has to sit centered else the LEDs don’t turn ON, meaning it’s not charging. Once it charges though, it works as it should. I’ve had this several months now and have no issues. Only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is you still have to fiddle with phone placement to make sure it’s charging. I wonder if the actual charging component is smaller than the casing.
It charged both my galaxy s8 and galaxy s9 at fast speed. Unfortunately it doesnt charged my pixel 3 at fast speed.
Ive had this a little less than a year, about the same amount of time Ive had a Qi compatible phone. I loved having it on my nightstand so I could put it on there when I was ready for bed and not have to fool around with a USB cable in the dark. My husband liked it so much I had to get him one. We ended up upgrading to the stand version. That way we can use it to watch a video before bed and not have to hold the phone. So the charging pads got new lives. Mine went in my backpack to go to coffee shops and such. I use it to charge on the go now and am very happy with it. My husband took his to work. Hes in a sales environment and finds it very useful to put down quickly or grab and go. Then I got a third one. My brother got his first new generation phone. So I got him the charger as an early xmas present. Im sure hell like it as much as we did.
Perfect
great to have on my desk at work
works great
Does a fine job, holds up well and no issues.
Item works well
Works fantastic and charges relatively quickly. Only caveat is that you must take out your metal plate for car mount in order for it to charge. Love it.
Arrived on time, quality product. Was a birthday gift for my mother; she loved it.
Great charger
I bought this for my iPhone X. At first I thought this product is great because it worked, but I was wrong. For some reason this wireless charging pad would stop charging randomly. I tried plugging it in different ports and still ran into this issue. I wouldn’t recommend this product though unless you don’t mind constantly checking to see if your phone is still charging multiple times a day. I ended up having to buy a Mophie wireless charging pad (which works just fine). EDIT: Anker customer service reached out to me and was extremely helpful. They sent me a replacement and it works perfectly! I didn’t even need to deal with the hassle of returning the defected product. Although I ran into this issue, I’m a huge fan of Anker products and how they treat their customers.
It’s a nice charger. Works perfectly with phine cases. It’s my first wireless charger, so I’m not familiar with the charging speed, but for me, is a slow charger.
Fast charging and an all around great charger!
I use for my office and desk and the quality is nice. dropped a few times and not a scratch. Still working very good after everyday use for the last few months. charges my iPhone X at  a decent speed with a thin case attached.
works as advertised..... good brand... no problems so far
Charges my iPhone X, over my Otterbox case, with no issues.  Not difficult finding the “sweet spot” to get it to charge.  It is not a fast charge, but I don’t think they ever claimed it was for a iPhone.  That’s was not what I needed, but thought I should point that out in case that’s what a potential buyer was looking for.  Overall, very satisfied with the purchase as long as it holds up.
Does not work with my phone in my case. Very frustrating. Update! Anker reached out to me to make things right. Unfortunately my case plus my pop socket was too thick. However, they went out of their way to make things right. Thank you Anker!
I selected this wireless charger specifically because its manufactured by Anker. I have several of their products and they have stood the test of time. This is a great charger. I was a little hesitant to get one with lights around the bottom because the charger will be in my bedroom but no problems, the lights arent so bright that they disturb my sleep.
Charging my phone
Works better than I thought it would, charged the phone rather quickly. Small and compact makes it easy to Put anywhere.
Works great with my iPhone 8+ especially when used with a high power wall plug. Makes charging while using wired headphones super easy while at work.
*UPDATE: Anker was kind enough to reach out and asked what problems I was having with this charger. After a bit of communication they offered to send out another wireless charger that they have. It works SO much better! Its not finicky, fast charges completely in about 2.5 hours if I remember correctly. Thank you Anker for being so great to your customers! I will continue to always use Anker products. I love the look and the slim factor of this wireless charging pad. However I have a galaxy s8+ and it did not fast charge it. I used the samsung fast charging wall plug that came with my phone, so that couldnt have been the issue. I even tried my vinsic dual quick charge wall plug and that made no difference. One time I even tried using my anker portable charger as well to no avail. It would take about 4 hours for a complete charge. So to leave it overnight would work but for me it just wasnt fast enough for mid day charging or anything like that. I love anker products so Im dissapointed this didnt work.
My first charger like this and super stoked.  Hoping without plugging in and out it’ll last much longer than the lightning cables.  Charges great overnight and I like the blue lights to let me know it’s charging
Charges fast
Excellent product, my device charged no problem with a case on.
I have pretty much gone all in on wireless charging with all my phones. This was the first wireless charger I purchased and still the best one I own.
Great wireless charger. Charges my LG G7 ThinQ pretty fast. My phone does not support "Quick Charge" via wireless, but this works perfectly. Paired with a 2Amp charger block. Charges my 3000mah phone 42% per hour. About 2.4hrs to fully charge. My phone has a thin case and it charges through it. My mate has an OtterBox (about 3 times as THICC) case and it charges through it too! I like that it has lights around it, that way I know my phone is centered and charging. Other chargers have a little light on top, but if your phone is on top of it, your phone covers the light. No point to even have the light. The top is rubberized, so your phone doesnt slip off. The bottom has rubber feet, it doesnt move on my nightstand at all. Be sure to buy/use a 2A charger block. Any less and it wont charge as fast or at ALL.
Thin as hell! Good size, charges quick. Lights stay of when charging. Easy to clean, phone doesn’t slip of when it vibrates. Don’t need to position it 100% accurately for it to charge.
**UPDATE** Anker customer service has been great. They contacted me and sent a replacement charger at no cost.  Their customer service is fantastic! I purchased this charger in November. Since purchased it has been very unreliable. Sometimes it will charge my phone without a problem and other times it will not recognize the phone at all. The micro usb connection is loose. I have to adjust it each night in order to get a proper connection. As of tonight, the connection no longer works and I cannot get the charger to recognize my phone at all. I have purchased many Anker products and have been very happy with them until now. I will be looking for another more reliable charger.
Works great on our iPhones. Not had one problem out of it.
This little thing is perfect!! Love being able to just lay my phone down! I have noticed though if my phone is dead it does not work- it has to have some battery life to register.
Very good product
Works great. No problems with the Samsung Galaxy S9
This does not charge efficiently for Iphone XS but its more of a apple problem than the Anker. If you have thick case it can also be a problem to charge it. I have those magnets on the back of the phone I think its one of the problem why it doesnt charge at all. I use the magnet for car holder for Cars. despite all of that im sure it will work efficiently for some users but not for me because I am a apple user. however, I can still give it 5 star because of great customer service and quality of product. but its 4 stars because it lights up. Its more of a personal preference that when sleeping you dont any light. when you use it you will see blue lights on your room. some  wirelesschargers have their light not too bright and can be located on the platform of the charger not on the side. if you are android user and dont care about lights when sleeping this is a good choice :)
Stopped working after 5 months, but they sent me a new one.
Great witeless charger! Works well with my iPhone 8 Plus and I love Anker. They are just an amazing comapny that is always ready to help.
Works great for overnight.
This charger works as expected; it does charge a little slower than plugging your phone into a normal 2.1A charger, however the convenience makes it worthwhile. Were happy!
While so many companies seem to be offering charging pads now, it gets confusing on who is making the best ones. I took a chance on this one based on the manufacturers name and Im glad I did. On the charging pad, my iPhone 8 charges as fast, if not faster, as connected to my corded charger. If you are undecided on which one to buy, try this one.
Great charger
Pretty simple set up works great highly recommend
Works well with my wife’s iPhone X.  No issues and charges fine.  Not as fast as a plug but still nice as you just drop the phone on it.  Also, works with a thick case on the phone.
Nice to use
Amazing
This works well for the price, but the charging is a little finicky. Overall I’m happy with the purchase and would buy again
Love Anker products and this one is no exception.  Works perfectly.
Very good design. Compare with my belkin one, this is more obvious to see if you actually charge your phone, well belkin only has one tiny green light on the surface. It’s easy to be blocked by phone. Anker has 4 blue lights on the side and will blink 4times when it’s start to charge!
I love Anker products and this is no exception. It’s a little less “plug and play” so I’m glad I came here before deciding to return it. Like everyone else has said, you need to plug it into a brick-type wall charger, not just any USB. I have an iPhone X and it will charge through a plastic shell case. If you’re used to the speed of an Anker candy bar charger, it’s not as fast as that, but it does go pretty fast and you can use the phone while it’s charging without outpacing the charging speed. I have a Bluetooth headset I use all day in conjunction with my phone for work, and it’s nice to be able to lay it down to charge. You have to find the sweet spot to get the charge going. I didn’t have an issue with the phone sliding off when the charger was on a flat surface.
This is my first wireless charger but I dont another one because thats good one
This wireless charger is awesome. Well built and very compact. Doesn’t take much room when you set it up. Charges my phone quickly and does not get hot at all. I have an iPhone X and it charges with no problem right through an otterbox defender. Best one out there. If you look for anything else your making the wrong choice. Will definitely buy more Anker products after this. Very very satisfied with this purchase
works great with my S9+. Tried it on a regular charging block, charges as it should and even on fast charging block and it would do a fast charge. You dont have to line it up perfectly or find the sweet spot for the phone to catch it. I recommend this.
It works faster
Works great and Anker is a reputable brand
Great charger.
Does what it is designed to do
Works great. No issues at all.
This is the second charger I have ordered. I had the first one in the bedroom so that I could charge my phone overnight. There become times over the weekend when my phone would run out of juice from too much use. I needed another charger instead of running back to the bedroom or using a USB charging device. Now I have one in my office and it is great. My phone is always charged. I come home and set it on the charger and it is always ready to use. The price was also very decent.
This product is great I’ve had no issues at all with it. I highly recommend it.
I put two of these on the bedroom nightstands. It has blue lights that light up for 5 to 10 seconds to let you know the phone is positioned properly and actually charging wirelessly. Works great and I would recommend the product.
Place my phone on here every night before I go to bed, charges it pretty quick
Really really love this brand, have multiple products from anker and haven’t had any problems with them. They all work like you’d expect them to.
Awesome wireless charger! If you’re looking and unsure you can stop here.
Works well.
This has been working well for the past 8mos, with use nearly every night. It does not stay lit up when charging which is very nice if you are using this in the bedroom. I have another qui charger that stays lit up so I had to move that one to the office.
Its ok. Sometimes you gotta set the phone just right for it to work
Works perfect, even with some of the thicker cases Ive tried. Paired with the suggested wall outlet USB charger and have had no issues. Would buy Anker products again.
Didn’t even last a year. UPDATE: AnkerDirect replaced the device which was more than expected. They were so uunderstanding and responded quickly and were so helpful. Some of the best customer service I’ve had!
Works well as advertised (iphone X).  I recommend.
***UPDATE I have been contacted ever since I posted this review and the customer service team was so pleasant to talk to. From the start you could tell they just wanted to help. They sent me a new product and did not even ask for the old one back. Will update this from 1 to 4 stars for such great customer service. New product works just fine at the moment. Bought a little over a month ago. Loved this charger ever since I got it, worked great with my iphone. However, yesterday it suddenly stopped working. I was so sad because it was working great until yesterday and now I have to buy a second charger because my return window was until Feb 20th. Wish I had a better review but sadly I don’t. Great idea though!
Good
Works well, seems good quality, not fast but is convenient.
It is smaller than I expected but it works just fine. I like not worrying about the cord getting bent in my phone which I always had a problem with. I ordered it a month ago and have been using it for a week and its been great.
all you need is  to find the sweetest spot ,good slow charger
I learned that with Anker you want to make sure you have their plugs as well to make sure you get the quality of the fast charge you are looking for. I purchased one with this charger and as long as I make sure it is charging before I walk away it is great and doesnt take long to charge at all.
Very good
good product
This thing is great... The lights go off after just a few seconds, and charges my phone pretty quickly if you supply a higher watt charger.
Excellent product - does not give accessory not compatible message
Using this to charge an iPhone 8. So far, so good.
Item works exactly as they say very good.  Everyone needs to try how easy it is.
I really like anker, after all the reviews I think this is the best so far, its a little hard if you do not put it in the middle it wont charge but besides that I like it
This will not work with a little apple charging unit.  But it works great with the larger 2-amp chargers.  Plop my phone on the charger on the night stand and its fully charged before I wake in the morning.
The LED lights on the side only light up for a few seconds to show that the phone is charging, and then they turn off. Good for charging in your bedroom at night.
The size is perfect for on the night stand next to the bed. The side LED lights are a perfect indicator that it is charging without being distracting. I first bought this and used it on its own and then bought the Anker quick charger 3.0 to plug it into and that sped up the charge time for my iPhone 8 plus.
Works great. The LEDs are, to me, discreet enough that they do not bother me when I set my phone (iPhone 8) down on it on my night stand. It’s awesome to be able to just set my phone down and it just starts charging without having to plug in.
Great little qi charger. Cheap and leds are dim so great for the bedroom.
Let me first say I was tired of spending countless money on lightning cables, which apparently kept disappearing all the time. I upgraded my iPhone for wireless charging and I bought this Anker charger. It charges fast and it’s well build. I have it connect on my desk while I work. I found it doesn’t work with silicone case on. I highly recommend.
I purchased this item for my wife and I when we both got new Samsung Galaxy S9 phones. I was excited about having a wireless charging option for the first time, and unfortunately after using it a few times woke up with a dead phone here and there. Im not sure if it was poor alignment or I knocked it off the charger on the nightstand in the middle of the night, but I posted a review sharing my feedback. Shortly thereafter I was contacted by their customer service and was blown away about their willingness to rectify the problem and replace it with a new unit. I have always liked Anker and their products and I will continue to stand behind them as they stand behind their own products. I would not hesitate to invest in them as they will do what it takes to make it right if it isnt the first time. Thank you for all your help!
No, it wont charge through a popsocket and a case or as fast as apples lightning cable. Its a wireless trickle charger and it works very well. I think its probably the fastest wireless charger you can get for an iPhone right now (July 2018). It *does* charge through mine and my daughters OtterCases, so thank goodness we dont have to remove it. I have a metal piece so I can use a mag holder, but it doesnt get in the way due to where Ive placed it. Your mileage may very, depending on your case and any attachments. Its supposed to work best without *anything* between the iPhone and the pad, but come on, who walks around without a case?? Mine came and within a couple of days the charging cable that came with it wouldnt work. At first, I thought the entire thing was faulty. But, I tried other cables (they are not all built the same!) and the pad still worked. Anker, having wonderful customer service as always, sent out a new, longer, thicker cable within hours of contacting them and its arrived and works perfectly. Happy with being able to just drop the phone on the pad as I go about my day or overnight. Just have realistic expectations, its ultimately for convenience, not speed. Note* if I bought another one, Id go for one that is tilded up so you can watch video while charging (thats a wish, not a necessity)
Its a little picky about how you place your phone on it, but other than that it does a good job at charging your phone.
My fiancé upgraded to the iPhone 10million XFTPLMWY to the 10th power (I kid I kid) whatever one is comparable with this and I’m sorta jealous because I can’t just come home and plop my phone down. To charge mine I have to go to our docking station, find my charging cord, undo the piece of case that covers the port, then insert.....and who has time for that???? Not me. So if you wanna make your tech obsessed spoiled children jealous or even your technically challenged fiancé mad BUY ONE because they are actually pretty dang convienent and cool!!!!
Love the concept . Sometimes if you aren’t watching it might not be right on charger. Also a SLOWWWW charge.
Does a pretty decent job for the price
5 stars for both quality and durability because it works and its not an item that will be moved much and it seems like it will hold up well.  I put my phone (gs8) with my case on it and it charges pretty fast.  Its a nice convenience not having to plug and unplug a cord. The only thing is with my case the placement doesnt have much wiggle room
Works but you have to center it more often then just setting it down on it, I will eventually get a different one that I can set and go and know its charging right away
My only complaint is that there is a definite "sweet spot" where it will charge...if its not perfectly aligned it wont charge the phone (although the back of the phone will be plenty warm in the morning). A couple of times Ive moved it out of the sweet spot without realizing it just by the small movement when taking my hand off the phone. If the placement wasnt an issue, this would be a great charger.
Works great but charges slower than a normal charger
Update: Seller reached out and sent a replacement, now that’s customer service!! The replacement works perfectly. Thanks!! Original review: I probably got a defect, but it didn’t work out of the box. Sent it back.
Works great on my iPhone X fast charges
Works great, small footprint
I have this charger mounted on the dash of a car, hooked up to a fast charge capable USB port on a ROAV F0 also made by Anker.  That combo works great and I havent experienced any issues with fast wireless charging through an otterbox defender (rather thick) case on my S8.  Been using for a couple months now, seems to be rock solid as a fanless design. Note, you need to run a high output or fast charge capable USB power source to feed this device.  A 1A usb port will not supply enough to fast charge and may not wirelessly charge at all.  Some cars (and many older USB plug in power supplies for wall outlets)  have built in 500ma or 1A USB, like the car I have this installed in, and they cannot support this device.  2A or better should be able to make it work, and fast charge or Anker iQ is preferred.  Yes it works off of a portable power pack, Ive tested it with two Anker units which both support 2A+ and they work flawlessly.
This product was fine until static electricity from living in the Midwest in winter zapped it. They should shielded the electrics better.  3/1/19 Update - Anker saw my review, sent me a new one no charge and it works well, the phone no longer cycles as if its losing the charge connection. We shall see over time if a new static event will affect it but their customer service is outstanding. A company that replaces bad product for free cant afford to do this continually so my defect is either a one off, they fixed the problem, or they soon will. All scenarios that are good for Anker Customers.
Works exactly as you would expect, however there is no way to turn off the charging light.  When a device is charging the side of the entire device lights up with blue LEDs.  On one hand its great to know that the device is currently charging, on the other hand its a pretty annoying light to have on your nightstand. Otherwise, its sturdy and reliable. About the size of a coaster.
Im a big fan of Anker products that this wireless charger for my wifes new iPhone XR didnt disappoint. She loves it.
Works very well.  Was a gift to relative who can charge wireless using it. You need to buy the wall plug for it, but even then it’s half the price I paid for mine.
Im using the internals of this charge in my night stand to charge an LG G7. During testing, it did generate a decent amount of heat on my phone during charging compared to wired charging. For now it doesnt seem to impact the battery life, but heat is a slow killer, so well see what happens. I cracked apart the charger (removing the feet reveals screws) and pulled the charging unit out. There is insulation inside and the charging base is well made, and the micro-usb port is VERY robust. Charging my 3000mAh LG G7 from ~20% charge takes about 3 hours. This is obviously quite slow, but since I am charging my phone over night, its not an issue. My phone can charge from a distance of about a 1/4" thickness, however with the case removed from the charging unit, and being attached via bamboo veneer and a Ringke case, it is charging at about 1/6" thickness which is still a decent thickness. The "hot spot" is very forgiving, and can be done at any orientation. Will consider buying another one of these for a future project. Pricey, but reliable.
Works as advertised; I like the low-profile design.  The USB connection became loose after a few months but the warranty replacement process was very easy and fast.  Would buy it again.
My normal charger stopped working, so i ordered one of these to use instead. Works great, though youll need a flat surface to set it on.
EDIT!!!My charger charges SO slow. Had my phone on it for 2 hours and barely charged my iPhone XS. very disappointed 11/27: after I contacted maker about this issue they immediately had me go through trouble shooting steps and once we came to the conclusion that my item was not working properly, they immediately sent me out a new one at no cost. Hopefully the new one works as it should!
This product has worked extremely well for me since I got it about a month ago. The rubber matte finish makes it easy the phone on it and the pad is big enough to charge the phone fairly quickly. The only thing that bothered me was that the cord was so short so I had to get a longer cord for it but aside from that this is an awesome product.
Very convenient and fast charger - lots of value for its price!
Used to change my Droid turbo 2, works well, does the job. Not
I love this so much, Im an avid anker purchaser. I own 7 portable chargers, USB wall plugs and a bluetooth speaker by anker. Its honestly a brand I can trust. This little baby is super sweet, and I havent noticed any issues with the device so far. If I do Ill check back in and update my review.
I ordered 3 of the chargers along with the plug ins .. They work great .. I thought one of them was not working correctly but it was an error on my part.  I had left the hard plastic film inside my new phone case.  Once I removed the film the charger works 100%.  The company was willing to replace the charger plate and the 2 phone calls I made to the company were answered quickly and the gals I spoke with were kind and understanding .. I would recommend this product and company highly.. Thanks Anker for a great product and customer service
Good but sensitive charger - you have to place your phone in a particular are for it to charge. I have put my phone on the pad several time only to find out in the morning that it wasnt charging the entire night. UPDATE: Anker reached out to me based on my original review and sent me a charging stand for free. I am really impressed with their service especially since the charging stand they sent works perfectly. I would recommend Anker!
DONT FORGET TO ASK ABOUT THE WARRANTY!! Many reviews may not be favorable due to a failed product.  Mine did fail in about a month, but it was very easy to return/ replace.  No hassles!! Great service.  Exactly what one would expect.  I will continue to buy a Anker products.
I bought two of these when I discovered that our Nexus phones supported wireless charging. It works exactly as advertised and shuts off when full charge is reached.
UPDATED - Anker contacted me and refunded me the money and sent me a new charger. It is a different model but nonetheless, it works as it should, good fast charge. Lasted a few weeks, then it died. Got a full refund. Would not recommend
Charges fast, easy to use, and looks great! Will buy a few more for around the house.
Nice and slim
Easy to use.
Fast wireless charging for Galaxy Note 8 works well at a very attractive price.
*Got this for an s9. It works but it takes a long time to charge. Probably about 3 hours. Update :I may have received a defective unit, I am getting a replacement and from that word of the seller I shouldnt expect this issue in the future. With that being said I am giving this five stars and if I have any issue with the replacement Ill update again.
Simple and quick to charge. Allows my iPhone to be charge to 50% in about 40 minute in the office
Works as advertised
This is a nice, slim charger holding good after few months of use.
I’ve come to the decision that I’ll stick with Anker simply because the quality is there!  Which includes their cables and flashlights, literally the best bang for the buck!
I am re-wiring this review after giving it literally one star. I initially received this product and it did not work. I trashed it and did not bother returning it. After posting a review I received an email from the company Whom offered me a new charger, of course I said yes. The product works as expected but the 5 stars is not just for providing me with a functional product but the additional great customer service.
Super easy to use. No programming needed. Just need a USB wall cube and you are good to go! **Phone does need to be centered to charge. **
This is a great charger!! Works well charges quickly and looks nice on my nightstand!! Low profile!!
Great product. Like how it lights up so you know it’s charging
Great item. Had it for about a month now and is very reliable and convenient for me being that I sit at a desk all day.
We bought a wireless charger from Verizon with our new phones that cost $100. This does the exact same thing for WAY cheaper. Highly recommend. (Note: we have iPhone X and XS, this is compatible for charging those!)
So Ive had this thing for a few months, and I am definitely happy with the purchase overall. I dont have to remove my case on my S9+, which is massive (the Unicorn Beetle SUPCase, also highly recommend) and it charges quicker than usual for a wireless system. However, occasionally, and without any reasoning, it will constantly charge and uncharge the phone. I know this because my phone makes a noise when both happen, and every few minutes itll make the sound for one or the other. Ive tried re-positioning the phone, using other phones, taking the case off, etc. and I have no idea why this happens. It is not always, and more often that not doesnt happen, but I have to state it does occur. Aside from that potentially one off issue, this things great!
It does its job and looks nice in my table. Great product for a fair price. Using for a long time, no complains at all.
I am using it for almost an year and works great with my iPhone X.
First I purchased 2 wireless chargers for my bedroom, loved them. Bought another for my desk a few months later.
Work well charges I phone 8 plus with otter box cover.
Got this on a flash sale. My first wireless charger. It didnt come with a plug but who doesnt have one laying around somewhere?
Good product did the job. Slow charge for iPhone X but that’s expected. My product stop working after a year or so. But Anker quickly replaced it and was very helpful. Would recommend their products very professional.
Ive tried three other wireless chargers and this is the only one that consistently charges my phone while it is in the OtterBox Defender case.  Now I dont have to sacrifice convenience for safety and vice/versa.
Very good
For the $12 dollar range this was a great buy.
Works well
I bought this for my wife who upgraded to iphone XS and can finally use wireless charging. I have the older version for my Note 9 and it still works from my previous gen Samsung phones, so I bought her this one. It sits on the end table next to her chair and she can drop her phone on it a let it charge. It does also work for my phone as well as other qi enabled phones. This is super convenient and worth every penny.
Works perfectly on both our Nokia and I-phones 6 and up.
Works perfectly and so thin to travel with.
Update - Anker replaces it for me free of charge after troubleshooting and some Questions. New one works great! I usually love Anker products, but not so thrilled on this one. Takes forever to charge my phone. I mean if you don’t mind your phone taking all day to charge, like having it at your work desk, then this is fine.
Recommended
It worked great at the beginning and then, after about a week, just stopped working. This is disappointing because I have bought a lot of products from this brand/manufacturer and they have always worked great and lasted for a long time. Update:  Anker customer service contacted me after my review and made some suggestions on what might remedy my problem with this charger. It’s working much better now but still not a “quick” charge.  My recommendation for us of this charger is to use the correct charging block.
Great product
I use this with my iPhone X and a water casemate case and it charges my phone through all that. I have it set up at my desk at work and whenever i am at my desk, i just set my cellphone on it and it charges and i never have to worry about my battery life.
Got 3 of these for mine and my wifes new pixel 3s. While they dont do the 15 amp charge. They do charge at a decent pace and have these all around the house so my pixel stays charged.
Great charger
Works as expected, no issues. Bought a anker braided cord a few months ago then a car charger then a Bluetooth speaker then this charge pad and I’ve yet to be disappointed. Anker gained a loyal customer
Great charger, works well for my phone and love that it has the blue leds to show it is placed properly. Anker makes solid items!
So I originally ordered 2 of these. One of them stopped working after a week. I was promptly offered a refund. The other is working great. I love the convenience of just setting my phone down to charge.
Very compact and non obtrusive, overall functions well and charges quickly.
I bought this to use to wirelessly charge my phone.  It has been working great but sometimes my phone and the charger does get a little warm. I like that its relatively small and it also looks pretty nice.
UPDATE:  Anker customer support sent me a new one to replace the dead one.  they did right by me.  thanks for helping me out.  only time will tell if this new one holds up. this is the second anker wireless charger i have had die on me.  terrible quality control coming from anker in the wireless charger department.  barely held up for a few months.  i would not recommend this.  due to the loose connection the charger was a paperweight and i had to throw it out.
As with all of Ankers products,  this is no exception to their great built quality.  Only complaint is I wish it came with the necessary charger to get the full 10w charging but you have to purchase that separate.  However,  you can usually find a sale on both items so not a bad deal.
The charger is easy to use and charges fast. It charges through my OtterBox case with no issue.
I purchased this unit off an article I read on the interwebs regarding Pixel accessories.  My phone is a Pixel 3XL.  Without fully reading the description or the reviews, I purchased this unit.  It works as advertised.  What it doesnt do is rapid charge the Pixel.  This is disappointing but I cant really blame Anker as they did not advertise it would.  Sigh.  Beyond that, the unit works well.  Nice form design.  Lights turn off after a few seconds which is good for nightstand use.  Im disappointed in Google for the charge restrictions.  If I wanted such nonsense Id live the iPhone sandbox.  But, again, thats not Ankers fault. I remain a dedicated Anker fan.
I like that it requires no plugs to charge my phone
But dont expect this to do a rapid charge on your iPhone....it does NOT
love it great product, slim design perfect 
Great charger. Anker support was awesome!!!!
Used with Samsung S7, S9 and S9+. Died in 8 months. Also the phone had to be perfectly positioned for it to charge. Anker support took care of the issue. First they sent me a different model that would not charge with my phones case on. When I told them about this issue they immediately replaced it with the original charger which worked great.
This charger does a great job of charging my Samsung Galaxy S8. You will need to have a power adapter that also supports quick charging is you want to get that faster charging speed, however, this device will charge your phone regardless. I have a stand up wireless charger for my home and I use this one at my office. Both do exactly what I need them to do.
Wish it had a bit more weight to it. Works good though
You must buy your own fast charger plug which has a USB-A connector on it (Anker makes one for less than 10 bucks), otherwise you will be surprised to find out that you only have 1/2 of the solution that you were probably looking for. But the unit is high quality.  When it charges, there are faint glowing blue lights around the sides of the unit.  These lights go out when it is not charging.  My Pixel 3 shows "fast charging" with this unit.  The Pixel 3 likes 10 Watts, and this unit does the trick.  Nice price too.
Feels very firm and works as it should. My iphone xr with the glass back slides off if i get a notification and it vibrates. Noticed when i went to check my phone 30 min later and noticed it had the same charge. Definitely could use some gripping where the phone sits on
Ive bought three Anker products through Amazon this year. Two of my purchases were the Anker 10 wireless chargers. One of the 10s developed an issue. Anker stepped up and replaced it immediately. I had a replacement within two business days. If only every company had such great customer service, we would never stop our allegiance to doing business with those companies only.
Its good, LED should stay on.
all good
Works as advertised and good build quality!
Works great with my iPhone 8. It has a case (rubber with plastic) and it charges just great, as soon as both parts get in contact.
This charger delivers. I have it sitting on one of my end tables in my bedroom and I charge my iPhone every night with it. Its somewhat touchy as far as where you have to place your phone but once its in the right spot it charges just fine.
Update: Anker quickly sent me a replacement charging pad which is working well. I am always amazed by Ankers customer service, so I even bought one of their 3.0 adapters that is supposed to be designed for the wireless charging pads. Anker has great customer service which is why I will definitely be picking Anker first if they have the product. Original: The product seems to be well designed, but it takes forever to charge an iPhone X. Perhaps I’m not using the special adapter for the outlet, but overall the product hasn’t been as useful as I had hoped.
This is sleek, fast, and by far the best one Ive tried. The lights turn off after a few seconds which is perfect. Love keeping this one in my room for my iPhone XS Max
Bought this for my Samsung S7, and am very happy.  There are some problems occasionally, where the pad doesnt seem to recognize the phone or vice versa, but I dont think its the pad: if I restart the phone, it works, and Ive heard these phones have some wireless charging issues.
Really handy to use
One thing that I never read in all of the reviews was that this product does NOT work should you have a metal plate on the back of your phone for a magnetic car stand.  To make those magnetic stands work, you have to attach a metal plate on the back of your phone to give the stand something to connect to.  Well, that metal circle on my phone wont let the charger charge through it.  So, I wasted my money on this, unless I want to take off the metal circle and not use my card holder... Since this post, Stacey with their Customer Service has reached out to me trying to rectify the situation.  I threw away the box it came it (my fault), so I cant return it.  I dont want to ruin my metal plate on the back of my phone to prove the device works - I have NO reason to believe it doesnt or I wouldnt have purchased it in the first place. I dont know how this will finally be resolved, but Staceys desire to meet my needs and expectations says a LOT about this company.  Ive edited my rating to 4 stars as a result.  And if they create a work around of metal plates attached on phones, or if I take my plate off for whatever reason, Ill use their products!
Good
This is a good charger. And it does penetrate the Otterbox Defender case contrary to what the manufacturer and other say. Trust me.The one I got does. And I am very pleased with it.
Works as expected.
Works great!
This is a great wireless charger! I got it with the lightning deal for 50% off. Well worth it for this quality of charger, my only complaint is the charging lights flash, then slowly disappear. Its still charging, but Id like some sort of external indicator that its still charging with how sensitive wireless charging can be.
When I’m charging my phone it randomly stops and restarts charging. And it constantly does it every 2-3 minutes. You can image how annoying that is when you’re trying to work and all you hear from the close corner of the room is constant beeping. I even tried it without the case and it does the same thing. I have a iphone 8+.
The product is an exceptionally well-built device. Theres only two downsides to this product. One issue is that the size of the pad is not big enough, making it sometimes challenging to place your phone on it correctly. The second issue is that theres no AC adapter included. At the rather ridiculous price, an AC adapter should be included. The only reason that it commands the price is because of Ankers name for quality and customer service. I do recommend if youre aware of these two downsides.
Fast charges my note 9 perfectly.
Love this! Being able to sit my phone on the charger rather than plugging it in is great! Only complaint is that the cord to plug it in is very short, I had to purchase a longer cord for an additional $10
Love Anker products. Have many, from their cords to their Bluetooth speaker. Charges phone fast and works threw my case. Loved just setting my phone on it and not worrying about anything. Not sure how but the port broke inside so I can’t use it anymore. I am not blaming it on the quality of the product as it could have very well been one of my children.
Not bad. Fast charging. only complaint is that you have to make sure the phone is perfectly placed though the sides of the charger do light up when phone is placed right.
I havent used other wireless chargers but for this price, I am very happy with the quilty and design. Id buy another one.
Small charger that is working great with an iPhone XR. LED lights thankfully don’t stay illuminated while charging so it is perfect for a nightstand.
Worked pretty well for a couple of months, but died suddenly after 5, for an item that was in my cars center console and was used a couple of times a week durability wasnt its best trait 2018/12/22 Update 1 to 5 stars Anker was super kind to send a replacement product and it works well it seems it was an issue with the micro USB port, the charger is supperb and slim, but i have decided to upgrade to ankers new version of fast wireless charger, its still slim and has better build quality and a slightly biggwr surface area that will allos easier positioning. The support experience with anker was super, I will recommend this brand always because even if you get a lemon they will go all the way to make it right and their products have been until this incident flawless.
Works perfectly with my iPhone X max, with an Otterbox Symmetry case
Update: The anker customer care contacted me via email to solve my issue and offered me a free replacement of the defect product that i had, and because i am outside the U.S. at the moment for a year, they told me just to send them an email anytime i am back and they will send me the replacement right away. I would like to thank Anker for this amazing service. I received it and the product was as mentioned in the product details on amazon. But unfortunately after trying it, it charges the mobile phone super slowly. I am thankful that i ordered the fast charging and not the normal one! if this is the fast charging product i am not sure how slow will the normal one be! Highly disappointed!
Great Qi charger, alert is always good
Works perfectly with the iPhone Xs.
Very cool and very flat. It’s easy to tell when your phone is charging
Product works well and fast charges my s9+ without issue. I had a problem with the connector failing 3 months in, but Anker shipped me a replacement without any hassles.  Customer support was excellent.
I had my wireless charger for several months and had been very happy with it.  After about six months I had an issue with it where it would not charge my phone but it would light up recognizing my phone.  I contacted Anker customer service, one of their members by the name of Stacey had my case.  She was very helpful and after a couple questions she had a replacement out to me within days.  Though it may seem that with my wireless charger not working properly that may have been a bit inconvenient and couldve lost faith in a product but during the time it worked I had been very pleased with the wireless charger.  I understand that things can go wrong sometimes so I wrote them with just to see if anything could be done.  Low and behold I was taken back by their prompt response and them willing to replace the charger.  I continue to be happy with the replacement part.  I will look for and support Anker as a company that takes great care of their customers.  THANK YOU ANKER (Stacey)
This charger is great for a desk space or tabletop charging! I had an issue where my charger stopped working even when trying different cords and power sources, which is why I went 4 stars on durability. Stacey at customer service was really great and they shipped me a replacement no problem. That’s why I gave 5 stars overall. Thanks Anker!
Ordered these for a friend. He passed away before he could use them but gave them to his mom and kids. These little guys are very very thin. I have a Samsung disc for my Samsung phone and its big and bulky. This Anker disc is not. I will be looking for one for my Samsung phone soon.
I find this one of the best ones.  I have a couple other brands and this one I like the most.  Very easy to know if it’s placed correctly, love it
Seems to be working great.
I have one of these at home and one at work. They’re low profile (slim), well made, and charge well. The one complaint is that it’s a bit particular about how the phone is placed on it. There have been numerous times where I thought phone was charging but it wasn’t because the positioning was slightly off-center. I recently purchased the Anker stand up wireless charging dock and that’s far better because a) it avoids the positioning issue entirely and b) when glancing at your iPhone to view a notification, the Face ID works without having to contort your body so you’re comically facing straight down at the phone which is laying flat on your desk. Overall, I’ve been using Anker products for years and I’m extremely happy with them.
So nice
It charges my iPhone X and my wife, iPhone plus very well without issue for monhts. Recommended it. Actually I have two of this wireless charger.
I initially bought 2 of these. One for home, one for the office. After a few months, one of them stopped working. I got in touch with Anker, described the issue, and they replaced it immediately, checking in afterwards to ensure I was satisfied.  Customer service can make or break a brand, and in this case Anker is at the top of the list for me as a company to purchase from.
Works great
A few months ago my son bought one, this does not look like an OVNI when it conects. The light that do turn on, are dimmer. It starts charging very quickly even my phone which has a metal circle for the magnet in the car which is as low as I could put it. I love it!!
High quality wireless charger. Very simple to use and charges pretty quickly when used with a 12W USB power adapter.
Its well built like most Anker products and works well, but it takes 3 hours to charge which kind of limits its use to overnight.
I keep this wireless charging pad on my desk so I can charge anytime. Be sure and purchase the 10 watt suggested transformer for best results.
The charging pad is incredibly thin and pretty, but it is not a $20 experience if you want quick charging. Its reasonable pricing falls short when you realize it doesnt come with a wall adapter. For $25, I could have gotten an also highly rated Ravpower charger, but Im a fan of Anker products... so here I am, spending $20 on a charging pad and then another $15 for an Anker single-USB quick-charge-capable wall adapter in order to get the quick charge capability of this charging pad. The real price I paid is $40 after taxes. ALSO note that the Samsung wall adapter that came with my S9 does not achieve "fast charging" with the charging pad. UPDATE: Im leaving my original review above, but Anker has reached out to me and sent me a free quick charge adapter following my review. Their customer service is without doubt the best Ive ever encountered, and is the reason why Ill continue buying and recommending their products. Their products are top quality, which justifies the sometimes higher price, but they also aggressively back their warranties (some up to 18 months). At this point I probably sound like a shill, but their service is why I buy all Anker charging cables and accessories. I hope they are able to continue this quality all around.
Works great even through my case.
I needed a qi-certified wireless charger for my iPhone X and decided on this one. Its easy to use and its very convenient to have on my desk; I just place my phone on the pad and forget about it. Its been a couple of months now that Ive been using it and I can defiantly recommend this wireless charger!
Slow compare to the plug in fast charger. Works good
This wireless charger is made with good quality materials. Its not slippery on the desk and I like the cloth finish on top of the charging pad. Unfortunately, the item I received was not working well, so I contacted Anker about this. They sent me another Wireless Charging Pad, which works perfectly. Great customer service Anker.
I had to use this after being stuck in bed for a year with a broken back. Everytime my kids came to see me, theyd knock my phone down, landing on the USB charging cable. The USB port died. Had to use the cloud for storage transfer and wireless charging. But its not as simple as tossing your keys and phone down quickly as shown in marketing. The phone coils have to be aligned up correctly with the charger coils. And it took a certain bump like NFC or Bluetooth syncing. I tried it without the case and it still required correct placement and thud to make it charge. Its a wonderful idea, besides broken screens, the USB port is the 2nd weakest part on cellphones that will get loose, stop holding the cable, and stop charging altogether. This will save the daily charging routine from ruining the USB port. Just wish they made a larger mat so aligning the coils wasnt an issue.
Works great charging my Samsung S9+. Quit working after 5 months. Contacted Anker, got a quick reply and had my replacement within 3 days (under warranty) with no cost to me. Awesome customer service. Very easy warranty process also. I even got a follow up email making sure I recieved replacement and that everything was working.
really good, fast charges my phone with no issues
Really like how small the charger is. I usually have it right next to my night stand and it doesn’t take too much space.
This is a great product as I have come to expect from Anker. The entire top is a soft non skid pad and my iPhone starts charging as soon as it is set down.
good
I have only had it a couple of week in my office like throwing my phone on it and leaving it charge.
I bought two of these chargers at different times. One charged fine, the other was a bit finicky. I contacted Anker customer service and they helped fix the problem. Im very happy with the performance of the chargers and the customer service I received.
Exactly what I was looking for
Anker does what it does best, which is provide a high quality item that is way better than anything Apple offered me for a great price. It charges my phone usually within an hour or so (iPhone X). It is almost as good for the cable for much less hassle. I highly recommend it.
It charges but not the fastest at doing so, feel my Apple charging cable is a lot faster
Works perfect with iPhone XS, it made my apple watch charge for a few seconds but then I’ve never gotten it to really work for Apple Watch since then.
Very nice charger, works on my s9 and note 9
So far so good.
Already died. Tried new cable, power block, etc.  Morphie charger still going like a champ. ###Update### Within a couple days, AnkerDirect reached out and sent out a free and newer version.  While I am not happy it quit, Anker made a customer for life by the response to the issue. Thanks!
This charger is awesome, and so is Anker! Id originally gotten the 7W Qi pad for my Galaxy S7, and compared to Quick Charge 2.0 wasnt very happy with it. Anker reached out and sent me this 10W as a replacement for it, and it really does the job well! Its nearly the same charge time as plugging my phone into a Quick Charge charger, and is faster than the Power IQ port on my car charger. Theres a reason why all my charging gear is from Anker!
Slim design let me use a dot of velcro to attach it to the center of a RAM X-Mount in my vehicle. Which leaves plenty of room for the iPhone XS Max that sits on top and is held in the sweet spot. The velcro attachment lets me pop it out when travelling to use in hotel room.
Really useful when you’re looking for a quick charge. Throw it down, do whatever you need to do, then come back when you’re ready to go.
Great charger! I leave it on my nightstand and place my phone on it before I go to bed. No complaints!
Great product, bought 3 to use with my iPhone X and not complaints.
Works all the time 1st time owning a wireless charger and it is so convenient, works well  blue light indicators are also nice
Perfect for the nightstand or desk. No more fumbling with charging cords.
Good product
Bought for the wifes cubicle
This was a gift for my brother-in-law. He loved it and uses it at work.
It powers up the phone nicely
This is a nice wireless phone charger because is fast,small and reliable. For connection it use a usb port,not an outlet.
Nothing is more convenient than laying your phone down to charge, as opposed to plugging it in - especially at night when you are laying in bed. It works well, but wireless charging does not juice the phone at the same speed as a cord. However, this doesn’t matter if you use it as your bed side charger.
Works great for my new phone! So nice to set it down and not forget to plug my charger in at night
Works great with my iPhoneXS  I haven’t had any problems.
Whats the point of a charger if you need another device to plug it into the wall. Update, Anker has contacted me and made the situation right 10/10 outstanding customer service.
Sleek, compact and a bargain. Works well.
Works as advertised. Lights up when charging begins, solid construction, and charges my iPhone 8+ pretty quickly. I’ve been impressed with every Anker product I’ve purchased. These are no exception.
Works great with iPhone 8. Even with a case on the phone.
Great product
This product works well. I do wish it charged a bit faster, but it does the job and I like the slim profile.
Nice looking.
Very good charges my phone fast I love it
What made me choose this product over others is that one "Anker" has never let me down on a single purchase. Ive order several different products such as car chargers, regular outlet iphone chargers, and ect. I find that their products are long lasting and very durable. Ive been researching alot about the skepticism about utilizing wireless charger and how it may cause damage to celluar devices. Ive been using this charger for quite sometime maybe around 6 months or so and havent seen any damage to my cell phone nor the wireless charger. One last thing about "Anker" is that their products are plug and play with little to no difficultly comprending the directions on "how to use". Anker has really built themselves a reputation and I will continue to purchase their products. Overall 5 out of 5 stars!!
THIS BRAND IS THE ONLY BRAND I BUY GREAT QUALITY, PRICE, AND VALUE.  I WILL BE A LOYAL CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!
Works great. Easy to use
The charger lasted 4 months before it quit working Anger made good and promptly replaced the defective unit.
Works perfectly but the phone needs to be centered. Works with my otter box (thick) case.
I love this charger. Great for using on my iPhone X and charges really fast. For the price, 100% worth it.
Love love love! Very easy, charges my phone well, and my phone keeps the charge for a long time.  Definitely recommend !
This is a great charger from a company you can trust. I had the charger for 3 months and it worked perfectly, but there was a problem with the connection where you had hold the cord at a specific angle. Anker was able to send me a replacement covered by the warranty. They were easy to deal with and I am happy with my purchase. I would recommend using the cord given as it works the best for me.
Original didn’t work. Anker contacted me and troubleshoot with me. When the problem remained, they sent me a new one and it works great. I couldn’t believe a huge company would take the time and effort to resolve an individual customer. Now that true service. I recommend their product and love their customer comes first policy. Well done.
Anker is excellent quality at an extremely good price. Works perfectly. May iPhone (without case) slips off over time, but just putting a rubber band in between stopped that cold. Good 10 W charging power. iPhone can’t use all of that currently since limited to 7.5 W, but new versions probably will. Looks nice. Perfect size. I bought two and use one for new AirPods. Will probably buy two more to have multiple charting locations.
Good but not fastest
I have 4 of these units. 1 went out, I wasnt sure what my odds would be in getting a replacement. I contacted Anker directly, they got back to me the same day, hours later actually. Helped me trouble shoot, so they could diagnose if it is user error, power cord, or the charging pad. They were amazing, and got a new unit in less than a week. I buy Anker for everything. Amazing products, this is the only Anker product that has ever broke, and they replaced it. Anker for life!
I had an issue with my Anker wireless charger. It intermittently would stop charging. I reported the issue to Anker and after going through the troubleshooting process that asked me to to, of which did not resolve the problem. Stacey with Anker was very courteous and helpful. She promptly sent me a new replacement Anker wireless charger and it works great. Stacey even asked to not be concern with send the other charger back. Awesome customer service from Stacey!
use this every day works great
This is a surprisingly light and portable wireless charger. I tested it with an iPhone 8 Plus, and it easily charges it from 5% to full in a few hours. These sometimes go on sale for $15ish, which is a great deal for such a solid wireless charger. Just remember to supply your own AC adapter of sufficient power. I initially had an issue with a unit not functioning, and Anker replaced it free of charge, within a couple days. Their quality support is a step above most phone accessory companies, and has earned my loyalty. Kudos!
Originally purchased this product January 2018 when my device began having problems with the charging port. It performed as expected and charged at good speeds (using a Nexus 6 device).  In May 2019 it starting becoming more difficult to find the right "spot" necessary to produce a charge. I contacted the Anker support team and they immediately sent out a replacement and made sure that the problem was now resolved after it arrived. Not only are their products fantastic, but they go above and beyond to make sure their customers are happy with and have confidence in their products.
This wireless charger works as advertised.  I like the slim size.  My only complaint is that the status lights are very difficult to see in any condition other than a completely dark room.
Anker 10w charger - charge my iPhone in short time. this unit dose everything  I hope it would for the price.
I had been using this wireless charger since last couple of years with no issues but had to give it to my dad as he bought an iPhone XR. I was back in the market for a wireless charger for my iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy S10e and tried Yootech (Amazon) , Samsung (Frys) and Ubio Labs (Costco). These 3 have the same issue of Super bright LED Charging light. In case of Yootech the LED is on for almost 15 seconds after placing the phone on the wireless charger and in case of Samsung and Ubio Labs, the LED is on forever disturbing my sleep. So, i kept Yootech for office use, returned Samsung, Ubio Labs and bought another Anker 10W Wirelss Charger when it went on Sale couple of weeks back. This charger has "dim" blue LED lights surrounding the edges which wont stay on for long after placing the phone on the wireless charger. This has made me a happy camper again !!
I loved this charger. Until I wanted to text and charge and then I couldnt. Its cool. My iPhone X loves it. But, if you like to text while you charge your phone, just get a cord....
Everyone should have a wireless charger.  Easy to use and works great.  Beats plugging the thing in every day and fooling with the connection, especially in the dark.  Try it, youll like it!
It’s perfect for my iPhone 8 Plus charges through the case
Works well with my s9+, takes alittle longer to charge compared to a cable ide say about an hour longer but its perfect if your charging it around your bed
Works as expected.  Not sure what else to say about a charging pad other than it does its job! Feels sturdier than the Samsung pad I have, more low profile design.  Worth the price all day.
I did not want to go with the higher end product. for the money this is fine. Keep in mind it will not charge like a 2Amp charger, but just as fast as the regular Apple charger you get with your iphone
The 10 watt charger is great
Very slim, works great sitting in a clear area. The blue lights around the base pulse a few times when you put a device on it, and then go out. Fast and doesnt run too hot, charges just fine through my phone case.
Works great. Charged iPhone X with no problems. Highly recommended.
Anker makes incredible products. This was no exception. love it!
Works through my think Otterbox case!  Super happy with the charger.
Don’t have to unplug the phone everytime I want to check something on my phone
The only thing I wish is that you could unplug the pad to truly make the pad "wireless" to charge your phone. But I have to keep it plugged in for it to work. other than that, it works great :)
Very nice charger. Thin and comfortable with XS
I like it is a very good charger
Im very happy with it, I havent tried any others to compare it. Anker is my go to, figured I would buy one just to test it out. But I really love it, My lightning jack always gets worn out after a year or so its nice to not need to always be plugging stuff in.
Has been using this everyday for a while now.  Works great.
Charger works well and is compatible with my iPhone Xs Max.
Works great for my iPhone 8 plus
Works great and I use it on my desk at work.  No issues to date.
This has never charged my iPhone 8 without a case more than a few percentage points before it slips off the pad and it wont charge my phone with my case on, even though I have a thin Speck Case. Ive wasted an inordinate amount of time trying to place the phone perfectly on the pad, turned off all notifications for everything so that nothing will disturb it, put a heavy textbook on top of it and things around it to try and keep it centered on the thing, but to no avail. Slips right off with no effort or prompting whatsoever. Short of duct taping my phone to the thing just to get it to actually charge, its completely useless to me. Usually, Anker products are great, so I didnt think twice about getting this, but now I wish I would have opted for their wireless stand instead. At least that has something to keep the phone in place. UPDATE: Anker contacted me after I posted this review and seemed to legitimately care about my experience and asked about my specific phone case and if I would kindly give them the S/N number that was on the bottom of the wireless charger so that they could track it in their system for quality control. A lot of companies would just say, "well they cant all be winners," and be done with it, but I think this shows that they make the extra effort to identify any problems. They had already offered and were sending me a replacement before I supplied all the extra information, so it wasnt that they didnt believe me, but they said the additional information would be helpful to them. They were even nice enough to offer a replacement in the form of , which shipped quickly and works great with or without my phone case on and my phone stays in place. Like I said, I had had good luck with Anker products before and now I feel confident buying them because even if there is a small chance that I receive a faulty product, (which can happen sometimes, no one is perfect) at least Anker customer service is really top notch and will help resolve your problem quickly.
Very happy with the charger
Does the job
Used each day. Sometimes you have to get placement right but the not the chargers fault.
I like this charger.  The only thing I dont like is that I have to move the phone around a bit to get it to register.  I like the blue lights that indicate it is charging.  I personally like the stand-up version better, but this is a nice alternative.  Seems to charge quickly.  But I only use it overnight, so I dont know how fast it really can charge.
Easy to work
Works great. I have bought 3 so far and would buy more if needed.
I have the Otterbox Symmetry Series for iPhone X and it connects perfect. I never have to take it out of the case and it charges fast.
This charger works even with my case on. You have to set the phone on it just right but when you do, it charges great and the blue lights come on letting you know its working. I like it.
Great price, and love that it doesn’t produce an annoyingly bright light at night (like my previous charger).
Easy to use, nice and compact, and charges quickly enough.
Charges my S7 as fast as my wall charger
Super at fast charing, just make sure you hit it in the right spot
Product stopped working after 10 months, not even constant use as it was only occasionally used Update: after posting my review Anker contacted me and apologized that it stopped working and is already sending a new one. Ive bought multiple Anker products and Im happy they always stand by the quality of their products and have great customer service.
I like Anker products. I like the size of this, easier to get phone on properly, to sync properly. Ive had one die on me quickly, had one last for one years...just depends. Have had others that were harder to get phone in proper position. This one is better, not perfect. (Important if using phone as an alarm!)
I like Anker products
Item works as described. For fast charging use the fast wall charger that comes with phone to power the wireless charging pad. Make sure you center the device for it to charge.
I have one at home and one at work with the anker fast charger. Awesome charger!
I must say that I was skeptical, being a professional engineer, however, it works great and it very convenient.  I was concerned because my Samsung Galaxy S9 plus phone have an Otterbox case.  As long as you place the phone reasonably centered on the wireless charger it work great.  Very fast with the right charger!  I dont use the cheap chargers that come with the phone.
Once again, Anker has made a super quality product within their entire line of gadgets for all your electronic needs. This is vast innovation compared to any older model and other brands, but far. It had a non-slip pad, lights around the entire charger and takes up literally no space next to my laptop. My Galaxy S9+ charges quickly and w/o getting hot. A must-have, without a doubt!!
I leave mine at work to charge my IPhone 8.  works fine though the case.  really makes life eaiser, can just grab the phone and go.
My Anker wireless charger was very helpful when my phones charging port went bad.  It charged so quickly and easily that I bought a second one.  Unfortunately, one of them went bad after 10 months of use.  Luckily, I contacted Anker, answered a few questions, and quickly got a replacement.  There were no hassels.  It was quick and easy!
Update: Anker reached out to me with clarification regarding the state of wireless charging as it relates to the Pixel 3. Long story short, only the Google wireless charger supports fast charging at this time. be To be fair, the product description did not specify Pixel compatibility. Anker had no obligation to do anything, but they still offered a full refund or wired replacement to better fit my needs. Well done. With that said, Im still reserving a star because of the finicky position requirement - as I stated, other chargers are not nearly as picky about how the phone is oriented on the pad. ***** Im usally a fan of Anker products, but Im a little disappointed in this one. I cannot charge my Pixel 3 XL at anything other than "slow" speed, no matter what cable and wall transformer I use.  This may be the phones fault so I cant really fault Anker. However, this particular charger is also very finicky about phone placement...the phone must be sitting in just the right orientation to charge. A friends off-brand charger is not nearly so picky about phone position (albeit also "slow"). The allure of wireless charging is the ability to just lay the phone down without a lot of fuss...this charger requires too much fidgeting to accomplish that goal.
Gets hot a little easy with the iPhone X but overall top quality!! Especially given the price!
Bought as a gift but says it’s workimg well and loves that it lights up when the phone is charging.
I ordered the charger and had some issues with it a couple months later. I reached out to customer service and got a replacement. It works great and Im happy.
Although I think all things that have a charger should be USB c I Love this wireless charger. Every time I want something I check to see if Anker has it first.  Anker has high quality products at amazing prices and Amazon is always putting them on sale. Love Amazon and love Anker!
Great wish it was cheaper, pretty slow even with plug
Love this product!!!
RECOMMENDED An inexpensive 10w fast wireless charger from a reputable brand. I would highly recommend grabbing one of these over a cheaper 5w model or an expensive Samsung/Apple branded/partnered wireless charger especially since it is backed up by a good warranty. The wireless charger I received originally had a problem with the micro USB port. I contacted Anker customer support on 8/31 (Friday) and received a reply on 9/2 (Sunday). With just a serial or pic of the product I was shipped a replacement on 9/2 and recieved it on 9/8 (Saturday). PROS -10w fast wireless charging -Fast and easy to work with customer service -Charging indicator LEDs (turns off in 10s) -Included 3ft micro USB cable -18 month warranty CONS -No USB C -No charging block included (makes sense at this price) -Single coil and small form factor means small "Sweet spot" for wireless charging Neutral -Needs QC 2.0/3.0 for fast charging (it makes sense that you cant use a 5w charger to charge at 10w) -3ft cable can be a little short depending on your needs TL;DR: If you want a cheap and basic 10w wireless charger backed up with a good warranty grab this one. If you want the whole package with everything included, grab the Anker PowerWave 7.5 bundle which has an included QC 3.0 charger, 10w dual coil fast wireless charger (stand), and a 6ft micro USB cable.
Pros: phone does charge wirelessly Cons: - iPhone XS slides around on the Anker pad causing the wireless charging to disconnect, requires constant babysitting - no phone case was used - the surface is level, launching the iOS measuring/level app shows a perfect 0 degrees with the phone on the Anker pad - phone shifts ever so slightly to the edge of the pad within minutes after charging, I’m really not sure what is going on? Maybe it heats up and causes the phone to slide? I purchased 3x of these and might have to come up with a mod to keep the phone securely on the base. Update: Anker support sent me the anti slip version of this pad, thanks!!!
Awesome rapid charger. Comes with wire, just not the fast charge wall adapter, u have to get that seperately
I research the wattage. It works fine with my nexus6 and S7 edge. Also with iPhone 7&8
I currently own two of these devices strategically placed in my home office and family room. Works well as described.
Came on time and with every thing advertised. Worked well with my LG V30 even with the case on
Love it! Works great, as long as phone is positioned well. Buying another for upstairs.
I originally gave the charger a rating of 3 because it would stop charging before the phone was fully charged. I had to unplug it for a few seconds and then after plugging back in it would start charging again.  After I posted my review, Anker’s Customer Service reached out to me to offer to help resolve my problem and they even offered to send a replacement if the problem could not be resolved.  After exchanging a couple of emails, I (with Anker’s help) determined the problem.  I was using my iPhone charging block which was not strong enough. After switching to a correctly sized charging block, the charger worked great.
So great I bought two, then a third for my wife. One for my night stand and another for my desk at work. Makes things convenient.
works ok
Perfect! Works like a charm on my note 5/9 and also works on my Gear s3 frontier.
Just like any other Anker product, this charger is great. Charges quick. I also have a charging pack and works great too
This is so easy to use. Just plug it in and start charging.
Great unit! It does not come with a outlet plug but can be plugged  into any compatible  port. Such as on your computer or a plug.
Used it for 9 months. It worked well at first but the usb input became loose and the charger wont turn on now. Poor quality. UPDATE- Anker sent a replacement. This one works fine, I hope it lasts long. Great customer service.
Doesnt use a special port to the wall so you can charge anywhere, laptop tv or else
iPhone 8 plus
Cute & easy to use.
This thing is great, super small Puck type thing, uses micro-usb so i dont have to bring my iphone cord when traveling, slips into ANYTHING, for easy transport and fast, reliable charging power; pockets, hoodie pocket, anywhere in your backpack or purse, i mean, its like 2 inches by 2 inches (maybe a tad bigger) and maybe a little thinner than my iphone Xr. Been using about 6 months now, has stood up to being thrown around in backpacks, dufflebags, suitcases, carry-ons, dropped from hoodie pocket multiple times... some scuffs and scrapes (my own doing obviously), works just like the day I got it tho!
Definitely a must Have Super Fast Charge And Small so it doesnt take up too much space
Update 05/27/2019: The seller reached out to me and got information about my phone type, case type, etc. and sent me a stand up wireless phone charger/stand which worked perfectly and DID charge through my case.  So I am amending my original review due to the diligence and wonderful customer service from the seller. I purchased this specifically because it said it would charge through my case.  NOT!  It charges through my husbands case, so I gave it to him but it does not charge through mine.  However, the $5 charger I bought at Five Below does!  I am very disappointed because I really wanted to like this charger...
Works great. I keep it on my desk at work.
Great
Works great with my s10.
It should to work with all cells
Works great. But if you have a pop socket, youre screwed.
I used this for a automotive project and it worked the way I intended it to.
Great
For some reason it seems easier to find the "sweet spot" to put my phone on this charger than other wireless chargers I have used in the past. Also, I can notice a difference in charging time as this one is much faster than anything I have used before. Anker makes great products and stands behind them, I have never had a problem and have heard from many people their customer service is great.
Use every night works great full charge thru my otterbox every morning
I have a Galaxy S7 with an Incipio case on it that is relatively slim and it did not charge it. It would work if I took the case off but didnt want to go get a new case just to use this charger. Disappointed that it wouldnt work and had to return it. ***Updated review*** Anker customer support reached out to me and wanted to help me resolve the issue. They sent me a new pad to try out and it worked just fine with my case. Awesome customer support!!
I dont review things often. I use reviews all the time but wasnt sure on this product. Perhaps there are more reviews by the time Im doing this but I hope this helps. It makes life so easy, I never need a cord anymore. This is in the nightstand, I lay the phone on it at night and always have a charged battery. I have seen some that look a little more heavy duty??? Not at this price and this does 100% what you need it to do. Have been using it for several months now. For the price if it failed now I could throw it away and get another one. Dont see that happening
Ok
Edited to add: I contacted Anker costumer service about the product, and after some very minor troubleshooting, they sent me a new one. I liked this product a lot. It worked great worked charging my Samsung Galaxy, until one day it just stopped working! Ive only had it a little over 3 months. The return window is closed so Im stuck with a broken product. Im totally disappointed.
Nice Product!
Use it daily to charge my phone overnight. Anker makes great products.
Ive purchased two of these.  I bought the first one because I wanted to charge my S8 but it simply wont reach through my otterbox case with quadlock attachment.  As motorcycling and maintenance work pretty much require a heavy protective case and mounting solution, I handed it off to the wife for her phone.  No problems charging through just the otterbox case and she loves not having to find small ports and worrying about cables.  She just sets her phone down and it works perfectly.  I have the older son one and he loves it as well.  No more worrying about charging his phone.  Its always ready to go.
Works perfect, doesnt charge as fast as a cable, but I dont think any of the wireless will.  Its great for on my desk.  I can grab my phone, use it, and set it right back down.  I have a Note 9 and its a smaller base, so I have to make sure I set it down in the middle of the phone, but its not an inconvenience.  As long as the phone is resting on near the middle it works great! Ive dropped it 2x and it still works fine.
So far like it will
I do like the connivence of this charger vs a wall plug with cord!  The only reason for only 4 stars is that you have to be exact in the placement of the phone; if not no charging takes place and you wake to a dead battery.
I got this to keep my Galaxy S7 charged and save wear and tear on the USB port.  Works fast, consistently, and its easy to tell when its working.
My friend told me about Anker chargers and I’ve been using them since never had any issues with them at all. Amazing
I like the material quality and the sturdiness of the equipment.
Works great! Charges at decent speed.
Good quality
I was reluctant to buy this charger because of the thickness of my Otter Box Defender case and the possibility that it would not charge, as some reviewers reported.  However, I was impressed by the thinness of the Anker pad and its features compared to others so I decided to try it.  I was delighted that it worked as advertised and highly recommend it for both functionality and quality.
The size is great because its very thin but it does fast charge my S9+
After my item stopped working, Anker replaced with an upgraded model. They were fast with their delivery. The item seems to be working well so far.
Sometimes it needs to be positioned to confirm that it is charging. That is why I gave 4/5. Other than that 5/5
Works great on my phones.
Lasted about 10 months. Connection inside the base quit working, and the cable quit providing power to the charging base. Its a small base and the issue is internal so I cant fix it on my own. the plug rattles around inside now when plugged in and fails to charge. Normally I love anker products, but this makes me a bit nervous as its a product that sees minimal movement or jarring. Will now need to find a replacement after less than a year. **UPDATE** Anker messaged me, asking basic troubleshooting questions to ultimately determine that the port inside the charging base had gone bad. They quickly and happily sent me a replacement at no cost or effort to me. The replacement arrived at my door 2 days later. I am again back in charging business with no issues or complaints. It was one issue, with one Anker product out of the four that I own, and they happily and politely corrected it. If nothing else, their customer service is outstanding. I will buy from them again should the need arise.
Expert tip:  If your Anker wireless charger suddenly stops working it is most likely caused by a glitch occurring in your iphone software.  The solution is to Restart Your iPhone and it will resolve this software issue and your iphone will wirelessly charge again. Update:  I purchased the Anker 10W wireless charger on Nov 2017, it worked well charging my iPhone X.  It stopped working after 10 months.  After restarting my iphone, the Anker charger works fine again.  Anker customer service was very responsive on this issue.
Good one
I used my samsung s8s usb wall charger (says adaptive fast charging on it) with the supplied cable from this wireless charger. I see "Fast charging" when charging, so looks like it does work. For anyones reference, I started charging at around 30% and it says 2hr and 14 minute until fully charged. This is faster than my other wireless charger which does not support quick charge, but still slower than using cable. Also works with my girlfriends iPhone X (both devices charge wirelessly through our phone cases)
This is a micro USB based charger, but despite that, its able to charge my Samsung Galaxy S9+ from low battery to full in roughly 2 hours and some minutes. Compare that to connecting the phone directly to a fast charging outlet, which only takes a little over 1 hour to charge the same amount. Considering that this is a wireless charge pad, it works about as fast as youd expect! The pad and the phone get warm, but nowhere close to hot. The fact that you can just drop the phone on the pad to charge it is extremely convenient. I got this on sale for $15, and if I see it pop up again, Id definitely jump on it! The only thing to note: this comes with a USB cable, but not with a wall outlet. So if youre planning on using an AC adapter with this, you should already have it.
Great!  Does what I expected.  Looks good.
Buy it!
Its easy to use and charges quickly.
Using this for a week. I am liking it.
I purchased 3 of these as gifts, but unfortunately they were not compatible with iPhone 6 and 7, I should have kept one for myself but I didnt. However, these are so convenient to have around the house, you just lay your phone on top and thats it. I hope they go on sale again.
I bought two of these and they worked great until one stopped working at the plug in point. Anker support was great and sent a new one immediately.
UPDATE: Anker Customer Surface contacted me via email thanking me for writing a review and following up about my issues with the product. They offered to ship to me for free a new 10W wireless charger. The charger arrived in the mail, and it is great. I will definitely purchase more Anker products in the future. Their customer service was great! Stopped working after couple months. The port where the charger is connected doesn’t make a good contact for it to stay powered on. If you hold down the cable where it meets the pad it will power on but once you let go it loses power. I tried a different usb cable to see if that was the issue but it’s the male port in the pad itself.
It’s perfect works amazing!!
Carga lenta nunca llego a los 10w
Works great, but cord is way too short!
I purchased 3 of these.  and love them.  I keep one in each car and one for the house.  Everybody in my home owns a different brand phone, and we all have different charging sockets.  I got tired of 3 types of charging wires.  they are all gone now.  I just set the phone on the wireless charger and it fast charges right up.  2 types of Samsung and an IPhone.  they all work .
I purchased one of these in January of 2018. I used it relatively infrequently, primarily when traveling. It began to act up on some recent trips, not charging consistently. I contacted Anker, explained what was happening and, after some troubleshooting, they sent a replacement. I have a number of Anker products and would recommend them for the excellent customer service and 2-years warranties on their products.
Love it. Very practical
I am glad I bought these. I was constantly replacing charger cords for me and my daughter. She is very rough with chargers, and was breaking them left and right by pulling out improperly, or bending them. With this we dont have to plug or unplug. I havent had to buy another charger since buying these. Love that they light up blue to let you know that it is charging. They charge at a pretty  decent rate, and I also got a great deal when I bought them. I am a fan of anker products. I have heard they have amazing customer service as well. I havent needed it though because i havent had any problems with any of the anker items I have. I would definitely recommend this wireless charger.
These wireless charging is very good. Very high-quality materials. It charge your phone very fast. It’s very compact and good looking everything is black with the blue lights. I recommend these wireless charging for anybody who wants something no too big, very good looking and high-quality stuff
Strong charger works with my case on.
The design is dead simple. It looks great and its surprisingly thin. It looks like a coaster. It works very well on both my Pixel 3 and my work iPhone. It does not appear to initiate quick charge on my Pixel but I believe this is an issue with Google not Anker. It does not have a power adapter, only a short USB cable.
This charger works well with my Samsung S9.  However, there seems to be slight delay to start charging when compared to similar charger I bought from Samsung.
I got it during a sale, it works. I love anker
It just works! The Anker wireless charger works well and charges the phone relatively quickly. The blue lights around the charger are a nice touch and it’s nice that they turn off a few seconds after your device starts charging to prevent it from interfering with sleep.
Speedy delivery.  Very easy to use.... even with a heavy case it senses my phone and quick charges perfectly!
Works as advertised. Charges my phone over night. Only issue I have every once and awhile is having a hard time finding the charging sweet spot - where to sit the phone to charge.
I got a pair of these for our phones on our nightstands. They are everything they claim to be. The LEDs flash blue for a few seconds and then go out. This is what I want, as the last thing I need is more lights in the bedroom.
Charges my phone. What more can I say
Had some concerns and Anker was great to resolve them. Love this wireless charger. I own several other products from Anker and will definitely own more in the future!
Pretty good, gets my phone hot and isn’t the fastest charger I’ve had.
Great product to charge your smartphone!! Got this for my wife, she just loves it. Quick and simple to charge,
Just place my iPhone on the pad and it charges.
Great charger, works very well with my Samsung Note 8. Anker stands behind their products better than most others so rest assured youre buying quality.
Ok but charges slower then others Ive used
Stopped working after 3 months it was NOT fast charging but stopped working after 3 months Ah well you get what you pay for. Update: Review being changed  to reflect Anker customer support and follow up which is outstanding After I left the review I got a follow up email from Anker apologizing for the issue and to make things right by sending a replacement Charger. It was sent free of cost and they requested the Serial number of their defective device to better manage their quality control. They do stand behind their product and which should be appreciated.
Its what I expected
Never have bought an Anker product that didnt do exactly what I need it to do.
Looks great and does a great job. Anker has the best customer service and was extremely quick to replace a device for me. Awesome quality stuff always!
works well with a solid cube, the cheap gas station plugs dont work well, the charger pad is fine
Good
Im using these to charge 2 iPhone 8 phone with UAG cases. They charge fine. Just line up the phone correctly. The only downside is the usb cable is rather short; including a 6 to 10 cable wouldve been more useful.
When you buy anker branded products, youre getting high quality in return. Ive bought so many battery banks not because they break but because I give them as gifts (or lose mine from time to time lol). USB cables are top notch sturdy sumb*tches! This wireless charger was no different. Comes perfectly packaged and works flawlessly. Never disappointed with Anker!!
I like the product, however, it charges incredibly slow. I generally use it to charge overnight as I sleep.
Seems alright, sometimes feels like it charges slow but it could be something running on my phone
Great product for the price
Love it
Cheap and affective. What else can you ask for?
Bought the wireless charger for my S8.  It worked pretty well, but didnt always connect.  Occasionally, it connected, but for some reason it wouldnt stay connected, and it would have a low charge. I contacted Anker and told them the issues.  I switched out the samsung charger and cable it was connected to.  It seemed better, but there were still intermittent issues with it.  Anker was very proactive in following up to check how it was working.  They sent me another wireless base withoug me even asking for another.  The new one seems to be working well. Top customer service.  I wish every company was this good.  Most are the complete opposite.
Works as it should.  Only downside is that the Anker micro USB cable comes out really easy.  I wish the charging pad had a better connector on the back that held the cable in tighter.  Other than that, aces.  Getcha some of that!
Good product
I dont need to find the right cable to fit my new NOte 9.
OK
Perfect
Not really fast....personally would prefer wired charging
It looks really cool with the blue LED’s around it. Has a nice grip and worked with my phone case. I usually set my phone on it at night and the next morning it’s all charged up and ready to go. Too bad you can’t like keep the LEDs on. They just flash upon putting your phone in the charger then go out, It just looks clean. Also if you don’t put your phone exactly in the middle of it, it won’t charge, had that happen a few times.
Used it while on a cruise ship and my phone kept sliding off but its low profile is awesome
For the price this is a great charger, not as fast as other brands of wireless charging but for a fraction of the price, you cannot beat it. Materials are high quality. As with all wireless chargers, you cannot have a magnetic back to your phone for a mount or else it will not charge.
My little sister is EXTREMELY hard to please so when she was satisfied with this birthday gift, I knew it was a winner!
Just lay your phone down. It does the rest.
Bought this as a gift and works fine for price.
Works great
I use this charger for my XR and it works great!
Just what I was looking for. Easy to set up, easy to use.
Great CS and It fits well on my small light stand next to my recliner so that it can be charging while watching tv.
Got this for my husband and he love it.  Only thing is if you have a pod socket on your phone you will have to take your phone out of your case to charge.  Otherwise works GREAT
Nice Product
Does exactly what it is supposed to do.
Thank you to Anker Support, I had an issue with the port coming loose and not powering within the warranty period. I contacted them and they resolved the issue very quickly. Great support team, very happy with the product and them.
So much easier than a cord. Works well. Sometimes I feel like it pushes my phone off slowly. But in a case works great.
Only worked for a couple months (mainly just cord becoming brittle)
it is great by my bed and convenient late at night
I purchased this charger over a year ago with the intentions to have it available when working remotely from my laptop and found that is convenient from traveling as well – especially when one person has an iPhone and the other has an Android.. theres no charging cord dilemmas! The best part is that I do not have to deal with the frustration of a charging cord only charging on a specific angle for an extended time frame! The only downside is that this isnt the best charger type for individuals who sleep with their phone in their bed and toss and turn all night – doesnt work out too well. However, it serves its purpose extremely well on flat surfaces. Unfortunately, it stopped working one day but, luckily for me, it was still within the warranty time frame! I am extremely pleased with the customer service department when I submitted a claim for my charger. The process itself was simple and troubleshooting was easy. What surprised me the most, which few companies do, was the follow up after my replacement was delivered! I cant say that I have experienced other situations where I have had a customer service representative follow up, personally vs. automated, to see if I am satisfied with their resolution. Side Note: Prior to my purchase, I recall a conversation from another individual raving about Ankers customer service department, and after my experience, I completely understand why.  Thank you Stacey!
Perfect for when you’re laying in bed and don’t want to fumble around for that cord to plug into your phone to charge.  Only complaint is that you do have to place your phone on it somewhat centered for it to charge.
Love it
Very good quality
5 stars across the board, and I wouldn’t expect anything else from Anker, you guys rock! As far as a charger it’s everything I thought it would be. Slim and looks discrete on my night stand, I hardly even notice it’s there until it’s time to charge up my devices.
I have had many wireless phone chargers, and I usually prefer the stands so that I can see notifications on the screen while it is charging.  I purchased charger stands for my wife to use in the living room, but our many cats kept knocking them over and eventually break them.  So, it was time to try a flat charger.  I purchased this Anker wireless charger, and she has used it for 10 days now.  It took some getting used to because the actual charger in the pad is much smaller than the pad, so you have to position it just right.  Once you get a feel for it though, it works fine.  There are soft blue lights around the pad that pulse to let you know it is charging, which is nice.  We never run our batteries down and then need to charge them in short periods of time, so I cant attest to how fast it charges her iPhone.  For her needs, it works very well, and we do recommend it.  4/5 stars
Easy to use
This was the perfect charger for my desk at work. I don’t have a lot of space to work with, so being able to plug it into a USB drive on the computer and put the pad on my desk is perfect. Charges my iPhone 8 very quickly, too!
Solid wireless charger, easy to use, great price, you cant ask for more.
Works as expected.
Will not work if you have a thick case. I use a soft silicon case and it works perfect
Connection cable could be longer, otherwise works well.
I was skeptical if this product would work well and I am in LOVE!  I have a wireless charger from another higher end brand where you have to place the iPhone on the charger just right for it to charge.  With this charger, I do not have this issue.  It charges fast and the placement on the charger is not at particular as the other brands that I have.  I  will be purchasing more!
Charges the phone well
