It doesnt work too well if you have a case that holds cards. Its sometimes hard to find the right placement for the phone unless you take the case off. Other than that it works great and charges pretty quick.
It doesnt come will a wall outlet plug. Seriously,  who does that???
Works OK.  Cannot use with a thick case like the Otterbox defender and its fiddly with the Otterbox commuter case.
I have a Samsung S6 Active and there seems to be a sweet spot on the phone where it must sit exactly for the charger to do its job. My Dad has a stand up wireless charger for his Samsung and my phone never had any issues finding the correct position to charge. I wouldnt buy another one of these chargers, but I would buy other Anker products.
I probably would not buy it again. I use it to charge my turbo 2. I need to move it around slightly to find the charging area. Once I find it, it charges well. Not a turbo charger.
Doesnt charge
This does not work with any case on it and even with out a case on it only somtimes works
Purchased following reading its great reviews, also have a very good Anker power bank. Great product, none slip pads are very good compared to other brands. Night time charging feature is also good, all good initially until the charge point broke... When the USB cable was removed it was always removed correctly. Still it broke!! The pad was used appropriately 1 month out of its return window Looks like Ill be considering other brands
For my motorola Droid Turbo 2 it charges really (I mean Really) slow. its nice to be able to just lay it on the charger as my charging port seems to be a bit touchy lately, but after 8 hrs from 15% I barely make a full charge
I wish I could go lower then 1 star. When I first got it I was excited to charge my phone without a cable. But after couple of charges my phone started to lose battery really fast and then it would turn on it started to show a lighting icon and wont charge. I have a galaxy s7 edge and it was perfectly fine before I started using the wireless charger.
This product is terrible. Unless you have the charger directly in the center of the phone, it wont pick it up. Ive tried for three nights to get my phone to pick it up. It definitely isnt worth the money. I used the Belkin one and because of the size difference you can place your phone almost anywhere on it and it picks up the charge. Dont waste your time or money.
It only does fast charging which I dont really need it ALL THE TIME. It does its job but we are hoping that it will charge when we do not need a fast charge. The description said that it is an Anker FAST wireless charger. I guess there is no regular charging capability.
First off let me say that I generally really like Anker products.  Compared to some of the other consumer electronics vendors here on Amazon, Ive always been impressed with their build quality and reliability.  I have a number of items from them, from wall chargers to battery packs. However, this wireless charger came defective right out of the box.  The thing lights up when I connect it, the lights turn blue when I place my samsung S8 on it, but no charging.  Im a pretty savvy tech user, so I tried troubleshooting on my own.  Tried different outlets, different power adapters, different cords, nothing.  I dont use a case on my phone FYI.  The thing is just defective out of the box.  Maybe with their success they are putting out lower quality products.  If anyone has any recs on a wireless charger from another vendor let me know.
Ive been using anker products for a while now and they are usually very good. From design to functionality and durability. This is my first wireless charger so I dont know if its normal but ive had it for about a day to 2 now and im not very impressed. Over night the phone charged only up to around 80% in the morning and charging it heats it up so much (no matter the positioning) that it stops charging (probably why it doesnt charge overnight). Havent tried it without the case but whats the point if it doesnt charge with the case on it completely destroys the whole feeling of dropping it to charge and picking it up ready to go. Im gonna try it out for another few days and see if anything changes. - Have a galaxy s8 with a spigen neo hybrid case.
you have to point right every time
I purchased the Anker wireless charger and port for fast charging. I was expecting great things based on reviews. My Galaxy S7 Edge does charge on the wireless pad, but only very slowly, if at all, when the Speck case is on. Taking the case off, I can get it to charge but only after many attempts at placing the phone just right. In addition the charge does not seem all that fast and my phone is extremely hot after charging this way.
Very small sized. Hard to find the correct spot on the phone especially in the dark.
normally dont write reviews. But I felt compelled to write about this one. This is a real review by a customer who bought the product. Please, do not waste your money on this product. It rarely works and you must set your phone on the product at a particular angle in order to get some sort of charge. And even when it starts to charge it is super slow. It does not charge well at all. When I purchase the product, I thought I would be able to just set my phone on it and forget about it and it would charge. Definitely not the case. Just save your money and use a regular charger. This is not even worth $0.10. I really wish I could exchange it but I think its a little late.
I have four different tablets and three different cell phones and it would not charge a dam thing. Complete crap, you get what you pay for.
Charges well.  Only thing thats annoying is if I pick up my phone to use it and then place it back on the pad, it doesnt continue charging. For example, I put my phone on the pad to charge, it starts charging.  Then I get a text message.  I pick up the phone, reply to the text then put it back on the pad, it doesnt continue charging my phone.  If I wait awhile, (20, 30 minutes etc...) then place my phone back on the pad, it will start charging again.
Does not work on S6
Love Anker everything but this one misses the mark...
Good product works great. Did t charge through my phone case unfortunately.
Anoing when charging. Constantly connecting and disconnecting repeatedly. When it dose stop and dose charge to 100% it starts beeping again repeatedly. Not sure if I got a bad pad or what but?
This charger works but does not fast charge S6 or S8.
The charger is convenient, but the high speed for my Galaxy 8+. It was my fault that I didnt read the description well.
I bought 2 different wireless chargers for my husband and I at Christmas 2016 to go with our new S7 phones. I gave him this one as I usually have good luck with Anker and it was more expensive. I noticed he was still constantly plugging in his phone and after questioning him he said it wouldnt work. I too was having a bit of trouble so we both bought new cases. Mine then worked fine, but I once again saw he was plugging his in. I decided to trade him as he said it worked but he would have to practically slam his phone on the charger to get it to charge, I have the thinnest phone case so I thought mine would work better. I have been using or attempting to use this for a month now. It will say it is charging, but the slightest vibration or bump of my nightstand and the charging stops. This means waking up to a dead phone or even better getting to work late because your phone is your alarm... not a happy customer.
I have a super thin leather case on my phone and it will not charge unless i remove it from the case.  Less than useful unless you dont use a phone case...  There are no drivers available for this product so you cant plug it into your PC and expect it to work.  It only worked for me after plugging it into a speed charger on the wall and the back of the phone has to touch the charger.  This is useless for me as i use a phone case.  All i can say is, at least it came with a USB hub.
This does not charge my Series 3 Apple Watch which is supposed to work worn Qi chargers.
not much faster than regular wireless and just makes the phone hot.
Item worked fine for 1 day.  The description says that this charges with a case on the phone.  Received my case last night, tried to charge -- it was a no go.  I tried to finagle the phone in all positions to get it to charge, still a no go.  Took the case off, and then the charger shut off when the phone was at 85%.  This was with Samsung GS8.  Usually Anker products are top notch; dont know why or how they missed them mark on this one.
too bad there isnt a 0 star option. i just opened the charger and its rapidly flashing blue light indicates my galaxy s7 edge is an "unsupported device". in the title of the listing, it clearly states that galaxy s7 edge is supported. very unhappy, would not recommend this to anyone buying a wireless charger - go with another brand.
Very disappointed, its a nuisance to take my otter box off my s7 to be able to charge it every time. Im very let down with this product and thats cause i was an anker fan
Chargers causes my phone to overheat, it gets so hot it can burn your hand
Awful! This product does not work at all. Do not waste your money on this
Basically worthless, I tried charging it for about two hours with the wireless charger and might have gotten to thirty percent when I use the cord I get 75%-90%. The only good thing about it is that I can just plop my phone down on it. I understand that wireless would take longer but I didnt think it would take that long. If I was you I wouldnt buy it unless youre putting by your bed
It will not charge with any type of case on my phone. Super inconvenient to have to take my case off to charge.
Never worked. Not worth sending back. Waste of money.
Doesnt work with the Otterbox Defender case installed, so its basically worthless.  No one is going to continually take off and put on their case just to charge the phone without the USB connector. Update: Anker did refund this purchase, so customer service gets 5 stars.  The product however needs improvement.
Like many others, I tried really hard to like this product because I hold Ankers batteries, cables, plugs, and speakers in high regard - I have hundreds of dollars of Anker products in use today. However, this one is trash, at least for the s7 edge. Even with no case on, the charging "spot" is tiny and finicky, and even with an Anker brand quick charging wall plug it not only fails to quick charge but will not charge past 32%. Very disappointed, although I cant say other brands will perform any better. Maybe the technology just isnt there yet because most phones dont support wireless charging?
Love the size but seems as though I have to get my phone juuuuuuuuuust right unlike some chargers. Also seems to slide around a lot on my wood desk. I <3 Anker a whole bunch but Im not sure I would buy this again if given the chance.
Ill give it 3 stars for now, pending a response from Anker.  It wont fast charge my Galaxy s6.  Using the same Anker Quick Charger 3 and an Anker USB cable, I can get the phone to fast charge when it is plugged directly into the phone.  But if I plug these same cable/charger into the PowerPort Qi10, I can only get a standard charge (with no case attached).  It may be defective
Its a touchy piece of junk.  You have to spend 5 minutes fiddling with it to make sure its charging the phone.
The phone must be angled perfectly and pad must be exactly in the center of my phone (Galaxy S7) for it to charge. Annoying.  Get a stand-up wireless charger instead (Seneo PA046 Fast Wireless Charger) because there is no need to think about how youre positioning your phone.
This works, but I wasnt impressed with the charge speed.
The charging spot is very small
Didnt work. Returned
Wont work with the samsung usb brick that came with the note 5. So what do I have to purchase a anker usb brick also?
Doesnt work with a wallet case.  But nice and compact so would probably be nice if it worked.
Awesome device. It really does work with my iPhone 8 Plus, however... the cable for the device is shorter than a standard iPhone cable. Does not even reach from the outlet to my table top! Totally disappointed in the cable length. I have to use it on the floor!
It supports Qualcomms QuickCharge 3.  It supports charging THROUGH cases.  It does not support Quick Charge through an Otterbox Commuter.  Oh, it will charge through the case with standard USB charging, but not Quick Charging.  I bought an "Anker Quick Charge 3.0 63W 5-Port USB Wall Charger, PowerPort Speed 5 for Galaxy S7 / S6 / Edge / Plus, Note 5 / 4 and PowerIQ for iPhone 7 / 6s / Plus, iPad Pro / Air 2 / mini, LG, Nexus, HTC & More" specifically to support this wireless charging pad.  The only way it works is if I remove the Otterbox Commuter case.  It DOES slow charge if plugged into a standard USB port, but will not quick charge.  I even started a slow charge, disconnected it and reconnected it to a quick-charge port while making sure the phone was on the pad in the exact same spot.  The pad blinks because it recognizes its now plugged in, but it doesnt charge the phone. No Quick Charge if you use a decent case, folks.
It works for my motorola droid turbo 2, however only at regular charging speed, it will not turbo charge even with my original power box(cord permanently attached) that does turbo charge
It isnt strong enough to charge with pretty much any case on the phone (S7 Edge), while the Samsung wireless chargers can charge with a fairly thick otterbox on the phone and a small air gap to boot. While there is a picture that says to take the case off the phone, that becomes a hassle after a couple times of doing so. This is the only Anker product Ive bought that didnt live up to expectations so far as every other Anker product just works without looking for some caveat or small print gotcha. Review Update: I had just received a Samsung Galaxy S8+ and I put this case on it and it worked. So, in other words, how well it will work with a case, will depend on the phone. Due to the S8+ (probably applies to the regular S8 as well) being just plain awesome, I am upgrading the rating to 3 stars from 1. If you have a Galaxy S8, it probably would be a 5 STAR product for you.
Only comparable with certain phones . Didnt work with mine..
I am usually impressed with Ankers products, so that is why I purchased this. I have two other wireless pads, one samsung, and some other off brand. This Anker charger does not like to charge my Samsung S6 Active w/a case. It does charge the phone, but often takes multiple times moving the phone around to get it to charge. When it is charged, the phone is very warm. My other wireless chargers do not have this problem. The instructions say if the phone is warm, to re-position it. Well, I have not found that sweet spot yet. I would not recommend this product, at least for an S6 Active.
I have a long history of using Anker Products. I prefer them to any other brand on Amazon. Unfortunately I must rate this Anker products 3 stars. My first reason is that the lights shown in the product image arent anywhere near as visible as pictured. My second reason is that this charging pad isnt very powerful. As a result it doesnt work with even the thinnest of cases.
Sorry guys, from what I read it should be able to charge even with a case. It did not. Worked great without the case, but I never take my case off. My case is beefy tho.
My Samsung Galaxy S6 charging port is worn out, and while it still charges, fast-charging only happens on rare occasion. Now, Im a fan of Anker products. I use their portable battery and wall charger, which worked well when my charging port was in a better shape. So, I decided to buy this product with the hopes of giving my phone a faster charge without having to use a micro-usb. Pros: - The surface will keep your phone in place. - It charges my phone, albeit rather slowly at most times. Cons: Extremely inconsistent! After unboxing the product and reading the instructions, I removed my phone case and set my phone straight in the middle of the pad. At 15% battery, it told me that the wireless charging will take about 2 hours until full charge (okay). I picked up my phone to reply to a text, then I set it down again-- it then said it will take almost 5 hours till full charge. This happens constantly. Ive charged my phone on it overnight and woke up to 3% battery in the morning! This happened with no apps running and no reason for my phone to vibrate and disconnect from the charge. I will most likely be returning mine.
This wouldnt charge my Nexus 6.  It would however charge our Samsung phones.
never worked
Finicky. When it actually works it charges fairly fast but not as fast as the Samsung fast charger. Sometimes phone makes contact but doesnt charge. (Galaxy s7 edge) also gets hot. Dont use it for those reasons.
I like this product but I feel as the title is somewhat misleading. I have a droid turbo 2 that came with a fast charger but when I use this when I wireless charge my phone it says that its charging slowly. I have tried other chargers and it still wont charge fast.
I use an Otter box case on my phone and I have to take the phone out of the case for this charger to work.  I would not recommend this product
Small form factor device, is nice.  Purchased the Fast Wireless PowerPort along with an Anker 3.0 18W USB Wall Charger, to fast charge a Galaxy S6.  Will not fast charge the S6 using either Anker device or Samsung supplied fast charger when connected to the Anker PowerPort. Phone is not skinned.  Plugging phone directly into Anker fast charging wall charger or Samsung fast charger, yields fast charging.  Bottomline, the PowerPort that shipped will not work in any configuration with my S6.  All that said it charges a skinned S7 using the Anker Wall Charger or Samsung fast charger without issues....so odd.
It does not work on my Note 5 with an otterbox commuter case on.  The Samsung wireless charger works with my case.  If you like taking your case on and off to charge this will work for you.
I bought it to charge my Galaxy S7 and it doesnt work.i tried it in every position imaginable, but the only thing it does is the blue lights turn on but nothing happens...
I’m not sure what’s going on with Anker lately...I’ll start with the product at hand. What can I say besides it doesn’t work. All it has is a flashing blue light around it. Instructions are poor it’s literal two words about what flashing means then the same thing in different languages. I can’t decipher what constantly flashing even means. I just hand anker replace a bad cord, and the replacement failed as well. I bought the screen protector from them for the iPhone x (came with two) and one was cracked and the other one had the tiniest piece of lint on it and made it useless. That one may have been my fault during cleaning. Customer service does always reach out, but at some point replacements and refunds aren’t good enough. I feel something has changed in the brands quality control.
Oh great, another product with bright blue LED lights -- perfect for lighting up my bedroom while Im trying to sleep.
It says that the product work on iPhone but it didnt. It only worked on Samsung
Works perfectly fine with an iPhone 8 with one caveat. You need to put a thin case with some grip on your phone or else it slides off the charging pad. The surface of the charger is slightly curved and the phone has a smooth glass back. It slowly slides off the charger over the span of about 30 minutes. You have to line it up perfectly in order to get it to balance just right and not slide off overnight. If its even a 1/8inch off-center it will very very slowly slide off the charger (which defeats the convenience of wireless charging) . I bought two chargers, one for my desk and one for the bedside table, and it happens on both. I even used a level to make sure the problem wasnt the tables (it wasnt). After I put a thin silicone case on the phone it stuck to the pad just fine. No sliding at all, even overnight. Still, its a little annoying that it needs a case to keep from sliding off of the charger.
Don’t waste your money buying this for the iPhone 8 I put my phone to charge at 14% went to bed woke up after 5 hours and the phone was at 29%
Doesnt work on my galaxy note 5 unless my phone is turned off.
The device does not work with my android model so no, not satisfied
really have to line it up and hope the cat doesnt walk across the night stand in the night - and waking up with a uncharged phone.
Couldnt be more disappointed in this purchase. I chose this brand from my previous satisfaction with other purchases from this manufacturer, but this pad is a complete disappointment. I have a minimal clear glass and TCU case, but even with the case off, I have to manipulate endless configurations of the Samsung S6 phone in order for charging to commence. Written email to customer service, no reply received $100s of dollars spent on items from this manufacturer ceases from this point on. This pad is a waste of ones time and money.
It is only fast charge if you use a Samsung fast charge wall plug. Wish it would come with the plug.
The device requires that all protective gear attached to the phone be removed. Removing that gear takes between 5 and 10 minutes. Plugging in the charging cord takes 5 to 10 seconds. Taking that into consideration the charger is of no use to me. I will pass the charger to my grandchildren who do not have protective gear on their phones. They might find it useful.
Does NOT work on the Nexus 5X
Didnt work at.all.
I love Anker products, everything I have from them is greatness. Recently, bought this to charge my Galaxy 7 in an OtterBox Defender case. At first, it was great to be able to just set my phone down and charge it. Though, I had to be careful about placement, making sure I hit the sweet spot Then I was waking up in the mornings and finding my phone not fully charged. I thought maybe I had knocked the phone askew and, it was just a placement issue. But i noticed it was still charging, but for some reason it just didnt charge fully. So, I have gone with a different option, and Ill take this to work for when I need a quick charge. Update 2/24/16 OK, so apparently, I completely missed the line saying "Remove protective cases to ensure effective charging". Thats my fault. tl;dr It works well without my case on it, but having to dismantle and remove my Otterbox case when I want to charge my phone is kind of bothersome. Its a great product, if you have a phone without a case. If that is you, I recommend this charger.
Is not really fast charging my Gf S7... I get about 1amp on Amper to verify charge state. I have fast wireless charging on in the phone settings.
I wish they would include a fast charging wall plug with the charger. The placement of the phone on the charge pad is VERY picky on how the phone is placed. There should be some type of light on the side of the pad to show that the phone is actually charging. The only way to show that is is working is the LED indicator on the phone its self.
This says its a fast charger but it really is not. It does charge just not fast
It failed on three days.
It wasnt a good experience because it never works
I had this delivered to my office and tried it there but it didnt work on my phone. I had some people test it and the product works for some of the S7sin the office but most people have to take their cases off to get it to charge.
With a regular charger it sucks, charged 10% in a 4hr period. Maybe using it with the lightening charger it would be better.
#samsung
OK, change to my review. The charger worked once and now wont do anything. Time to send this back
I gave it three stars because I wasnt aware that I had to order cases for the LGG4 phone, so I have yet to see if it works well.
The unit starts to work as instructions state. Lights come on as indicated. Unit will not charge phone. . Our phone is a Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I dont see it listed. That may be the problem.
Does not work with an Otterbox commuter case. Will return doesnt make since to take the case off every time it needs to charge
The charger works a little weird. Im assuming its because I have an IOMounts metal disc on the back of my phone. You have to position the phone in a very specific place on the charger to get it to charge. But then the phone charges slowly and the metal disc gets extremely hot. I dont want to give up my IOMount, so this will be problematic using this.
It works, but its "touchy."  The phone has to be place just so for it to work.
Item didnt work at all
Doesnt seem to charge my Nexus 5 quickly, like the description said.
Would not charge my Samsung Galaxy S7 in an Otterbox Defender case using a Samsung Fast Charger wall plug and cable.
this is NOT a fast charging wireless pad. it charges my lg V10 in regular charge mode. also tried my wifes Samsung s7 and it also charges in normal mode. NOT fast. I tried with cases on and off . same result. does not include fast charger. just usb cable and charging pad.
UPDATE to review: Im very impressed with Ankers customer service. They were very prompt in contacting me about my issues with this charger. They helped troubleshoot, and when that ultimately did not solve the issue of not charging through my case, they offered a quick charge wall adapter for compensation even after returning this item. While this product just wasnt for me, Im now a customer for life. Dont hesitate to try any of their products as they stand behind them and make every effort to make things *right.* Typically I love Anker products for thier high quality and dependability. However this charging pad left much to be desired. First off, it would not charge at all with my phone case on. You might think thats not something to expect, but my Samsung wireless charger has no problem charging through my OtterBox defender for my S7. But honestly, the case isnt the ultimate problem as for experiment sake, I removed the case to test the charger. It took 15-20x every time of lifting and resetting the phone down to get it to start charging. Even on the very few times it would accept the charger it was by no means a fast charge. I do like the look and thinness of this charger, thus the two stars instead of just one. But the ultimate usability is what matters and this one just isnt up to par. Ill stick to the tried and true Samsung wireless chargers.
I have to say, Im passing on this QI charger as well.  I cant get it to actually fast charge and I have to unplug it fully then plug it back in every time in order to get the phone to even register its near a charger again.  The phone works fine with other fast wireless chargers, so its pretty  much on this one.  I already returned it after the poor performance from the first generation wireless charge that I got the week before and also returned.  Shame really as Ive loved most other things Anker.
Does not work with any case on the phone.
Dont bother with this. Its not a fast charger, almost will never work with a case, and you will wake up in the morning with it flashing blue which is supposed to be for uncompatible devices, yet if its not compatible(like an iPhone) it just wont recognize it at all, not flash blue.  meaning its fully aware of your device but its too much of a piece of s*** to charge and now you either dont have a charged phone for work, or you missed your alarm. Buy at your own risk, Im sure sending this piece of shrimp back.
I am having some technical difficulties, as it works most of the time, but other times it gives me nothing. Giving a 3 because customer service does not seem eager to help me.
I really shouldnt say that I dont like it but there is no other appropriate choice.  I have a Blackberry Priv which is supposed to be Qi compliant however, the Anker Fast Wireless Charger doesnt work with my phone.  Nor does it work with my wifes Samsung Galaxy 7.
I bought this for my son who has LGG5, it would not work on any of our LG phones 2-LGG5s and a LG lucid. However the charging cord works on our Ellipsis pad so I kept it cuz it was less hassle to keep it and prob cheaper than a Verizon charger needed for the tablet.
I bought this for Christmas for my husband. I also bought a quick charge wall charger from anker after reading that it would be necessary. However, we plugged everything in and let his phone charge for about an hour (an HOUR) and the battery had gone from 4% to 11%. Im actually not sure if its the wall charger or the pad or both... Idk. I was pretty disappointed, because everything else Ive ordered has alway been 5 star quality.
This wireless charging pad works, but its fairly small. I often have trouble positioning my phone correctly on the pad to initiate charging (it has to be in exactly the correct position.) 90% of the time, if I just set the phone down on it, it will not start charging. I have to play with it to get the lights to light up and the phone to acknowledge the connection. This is frustrating when I am exhausted and all I want to do is plop it down on the charger before bed. But then I wake up to my phone battery dead, which is pretty much the worst possible outcome because I use the alarm on my phone to wake me up. This is now a spare, in case if one of my other charging pads stops working.
stopped charging for 1 day then it return works.
Works awesome with just phone, doesnt work at all through any type of case.
Slow charging for droid turbo 2 and wont charge unless perfectly allinged
It didnt work for my iPhone 5, iPhone 6, or Galaxy Note :(
Bought 2 to use with the Samsung Galaxy S7.  One works okay but is still a bit tough to get lined up nicely to actually get charging started.  The other one takes a ton of messing with before it will start charging to the point that we just stopped using it.  I had been hoping for something you could casually lay your phone on but with these you really have to pay attention when lining up your phone to make sure it actually starts charging.
I gave it as a  gift. Apparently it takes all night to charge a device. Which is ok because it does not get "over charged"  The quick charge is just not so quick.
Does not work for more than 10 minutes at a time
Sometimes it wants to charge and then sometimes it dont!
Wife loves it. The only reason that I took a star off is because she has to remove her case to charge her phone and the original Samsung Power Pad charged hers through the case however she has a pretty thick case as it connects to her wallet so I wasnt expecting this to work exactly as well. Aside from that, we havent had any issues at all. Update, it stopped working after about 5 months. Was good until then but back in May, it just stopped charging. So took 2 more stars off.
This was a gift for my husband.  I purchased this because a friend of ours had something similar.  The only thing that my husband doesnt like is if you want to use your phone while it is on the charging station you cant move it or it stops charging.
I like the Anker products I have a couple and thought this would be really good.I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge in an Otterbox Defender case. It will charge on the Samsung wireless charger pad and a knock off pad I got off of Amazon without needing the phone to be removed from the case.  In order for it to charge I have to the phone out of everything for it to work. Reviews said that it worked with some cases on. It wont even charge with the plastic case on. Its just easier to plug it in then take the case off every time to use this product.
Nice charger its charging my S7 edge even with the Cover on, only thing missing is the USB charger its essential i guess.
I have a Galaxy S7 in a Otterbox symmetry case...it will not charge with case on...otherwise works fine...but not worth the hassle of removing case to charge...cant recommend.
We bought 2 of these for our nightstands. Unfortunately this is the first Anker product I have not been happy with.  The pad is small and  difficult to get your phone centered in it just right to charge. I was very excited to get these but they let me down!  I still love anker products but this one just isnt perfect for me. Update: Anker customer service is great and I will continue to use their products. They issued me a full refund very quickly.
This charging pad is no faster than my original charger, it is actually slower. The original Samsung charging pad is faster than this charging pad. Its a good charger but I would only use it as a backup charger, not my main charger. I have the Samsung galaxy note 5.
Its okay.. it charges slow, dosent work with everything.
You have to put it on perfectly to charge. Sometimes shuts off at night. Wouldn’t buy again
Saw many others at much lower prices.
doesnt charge my iWatch and charges slowly. But its good to use headphones while it SLOWLY charges the phone.
Doesn’t work at all. Both of our phones have wireless capabilities. We have anothe wireless charger and both phones work on it. Doesn’t work on this one. Probably defective.
Normal have had great luck with Anker products, but I Literally had this for 2 hours and it doesn’t work anymore. Received it today, opened it, plugged it in and it worked great. Came back to it 2 hours later, and it’s not working. Not charging and no lights. Not sure what happen. It’s been sitting on my counter the whole time. Plugged into the wall with an iPhone charger, used to charge an iPhone X.
Pros: Awesome design blue lights.. Lightweight durable rubber, connecting is easy.  Fast delivery. Con: Even with a Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging plug, it takes forever to charge.  I placed a Galaxy S8 at 2% battery life (powered off) on it around 8:30pm and at 12:45am, I was only at 35%. Im I doing something wrong?
I have to remove the iPhone case to be able to charge the phone. It charges too slow. Not very convenient if I have to remove the phone case.
This product did not seem to work well with may case or my magic mount with the steel plate I use for my car GPS. I lowered the plate to the bottom of the case and the charger seemed to work somewhat with the case on.  The issue was the charge was very very slow.  I have all these extra iphone cords from upgrading phones I do not think plugging in is all that bad.  I will return this item but it may work better for others. Update: Customer service is above and beyond.  This product may not have worked with my magic mount as well but I also did not test with the correct Ipad brick.  It may work better for you if you have the correct brick.
didnt work. Save your money. I am truly surprised. Anker is usually fantastic quality
Doesn’t work
The charging surface is ever so slightly convex, where the Phone often slides of over night.  However, I had a great experience with Anker customer service who replaced this with the newer PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand.  I’d give that a 4 out of 5 stars!
I had to return this item because it stopped charging my iPhone X
Positioning is quite tricky. It will start charging and then stop. It does flash the blue LED when it stops charging (steady blue when it IS charging), so it lets you know. I use it on my Galaxy S5 with an Otterbox Defender.
Great idea and I was so excited for this product. I use it over night and woke up to my phone on 12%. When your phone vibrates, it will move and shift and this slight shift off the charger will stop the charge. If it’s not right in the middle, it won’t charge
It charges slower comparatively and sometimes loses contact with phone and discontinues charging.
this has already stopped working and it was a Christmas gift for my nephew.  If I could give it 0 stars, I would! This company sais they would send a replacemwnt item and never did .
i was overall disappointed.  I’ve used Anker products in the past and have been happy. The Pros:  It’s very thin and compact.  it’s easy to pack.  I travel a lot for work and this is great for placing in a briefcase or carry-on. The Cons:  It doesn’t charge fast.  I have a few Samsung “fast” QI chargers and this one is much slower.  i have a few cheap QI chargers that have a little more of a footprint in size, not much, but charge at the same speed and aren’t labeled as “fast” chargers, and cost me less than half as much, almost a third as much. I’ve used this one iPhone 8 and iphone X.
I own a few Anker products and they are usually work very well and do what theyre supposed to. However, I dont really like this wireless charger. The wireless charger itself is small like most other wireless chargers but I find it difficult at times to charge my device. I usually have to move my phone around a bit for it to begin charging. I do not have a case on my phone so that cant be the problem. I thought I found a sweet spot but it still doesnt work everytime. Also, the micro usb port isnt flush with my Anker micro usb cable which I thought was a bit of a flaw. Another thing is the charging speed. I am using an anker micro usb cable and an Anker fast charging powerport but it seems to charge a lot slower than my samsung charger.
Does NOT fast charge iPhone 8 / 8 Plus or X as advertised! I have tried using 10w and 12w Apple USB chargers and will not charge faster than 5w even running OSX 11.2.
did not work as promised
I have a a dual layer case on my phone for protection (although, still very slim profile) and this does not work unless I take the case off which is a total inconvenience.
Didn’t charge my phone to full capacity, returned
Takes forever to charge, doesnt provide any benefits over a wired cord. Returned it.
Got this item for my daughter for Easter and now it doesn’t work
Its pretty, but the pick up area can be very picky and I have to adjust my phone a few more times than Id like.
Half the time I set my phone on this charger and it doesnt charge. I use it at night... so in the morning I find my phone not charged. FRUSTRATING!
The charger platform overheats halfway through a charge and occasionally stops working.
Ive never written negative a review before, but this product deserves one. Anker generally makes great products, but this one is terrible. The surface is so small and slippery, when the phone vibrates at all while charging (from getting any sort of notification), it vibrates off the surface and stops charging. Nearly every morning I wake up, my phone only has 30% charge. Its a terrible design and I dont recommend it.
This did not work at all. Called customer service and was told "no problem" several times until I pointed out that if there was no problem I would not be calling. The rep then asked me what the voltage was from the wall? What? I was then told I had to give them my email and send them a picture of the product. What? When I said that was not something I was going to do, I then was informed that I could give them the serial number. Finally they said they would send a replacement. Thirty minutes on the phone for a twenty dollar charger. Not happy, my time is valuable.
Its stopped working in 2 months and doesnt charge the phone , bad please dont buy
So far I’ve used the shortest charger since it comes with three, it stopped working for me after a week of use. I thought they would’ve been better quality considering I liked the brand and saw reviews before purchase. /// On the brighter side they emailed me about my bad purchase and was kind enough to fix my problem and send me a new one which now works perfectly fine! I’m happy with their customer service!
I got this to use with my iPhone X. It worked great for two weeks, but Ive noticed that it no longer charges my phone. It will say it is charging and I go to bed and wake up and my battery life is the same as it was the night before.
Have to routinely unplug this charger and reconnect to get it to charge.
Stopped working after two weeks.  This is not a good product!
does not charge all the time.
It takes 30 min to get 10% of battery life. Spend the extra money to get a good one.
It doesnt come with the charger hub you plug into wall! Kinda misleading
I was hoping to really like this product for my Iphone X.  I set everything up, laid my phone down on the charger as directed, it signaled that it was charging, I woke up 8 hours later and it charged about 15%.  Sadly, I logged into my Amazon account that morning and printed out the return label.  Hopefully, there will be a better one down the line from this company.
Within 2months it’s not working properly charging problem
You have to center the phone a little too precisely on the add for my taste. Charging speed is pretty slow.
Did not work on my iPhone 7 Plus
I am a heavy advocate for Anker products, mainly the portable battery chargers. I’ve had nothing but love from anker and there products until I receive this charging pad. It says that it charges 2xs faster but only has an output of 1amp which is worst then plugging your phone up to a pc to charge. The pad is nice and the design is sleek but the performance of this charging device to me is trash
Worked great until it stopped working completely 4 months after purchase.
I have to remove my phone from its UAG case to get it to work.  Not a deal breaker but inconvenient.
Stopped working after 30 day. Lights just flash and won’t charge any phone. Really disappointing.
this product prolly works as intended but its to finicky when placing the phone on the charging pad. I have to move it like 20 times before it will connect.
I purchased this as a gift. It was dead after two weeks. I can not return the product because my return window closed. So sad.
Nice looking but it’s not a fast charge for my iPhone.
worked (very slowly) for about a week. Now doesnt charge at all. The lights light up as they are supposed to and the phone (brand new iPhone 8) recognizes its on a charger, but now, after a the last two full nights on the charger, my phone went from 40+% down to zero, So totally worthless - less than worthless since my phone discharged when it should have been charging!
Just installed iOS 11.2 that is supposed to open up an opportunity for 7.5W charging. I’m using an anker quickcharge 3.0 power adapter and INPUT power and voltage shows 9V max of about 0.51A, so only 4.5W BEFORE the inefficiencies of wireless charging. I’d expect the phone is only getting 50-60% of that. But it’s convenient so I’ll give 3 stars.
Works very well on my iPhone 8 Plus - charges very fast too!  There IS a downside though... It only charges outside of a case.  I guess this depends on the thickness of a case, but if you have one on, this charger will not work.  Either that, or magnets.  Magnets are bad... and I have two inside my case (By Aukey - to mount in a car) which might also be preventing the charging (the blue lights just keep flashing and my phone just wont charge).  So, if I take it out of my case, it works great!  Otherwise, not so much.
For some odd reason this did not charge my iPhone X over night. The Charge sign went off to say it was charging last night, I woke up to the battery being at 45%. My phone was very warm as well which made me not comfortable. Very peculiar. I will have to try it again and see if theres an issue with the charging pad. Overheating a new phones battery is definitely worrisome.
Worked slowly if at all. Had to position phone exactly right with no case on - and eventually even that did not work. Totally disappointing.
I ordered two of these.  One worked and the other didnt.  Im disappointed.  I ordered a new charger from a different company.  Im now concerned the other working charger wont last.
Description says it works with Nexus 4/5/6. This wireless charger does NOT work with Nexus phones. I will be returning!!!
Device charging port does not work after 2weeks. I need replace or refunds
Limited to xphone and IPhone 8. Won’t charge phones with case on.
I have an iPhone X with a thin plastic case. The charger doesnt work unless I remove the case. Pointless
Used for S8 and Iphone X.  Its finicky.  Has to be positioned just right for the phones to charge.  Does not fast charge on either phone. Blue light is nice.
Really slow charging and sometimes it doesnt even charge my phone...dont waste ur money
Horrible , super horrible product. I bought 3 for our iPhoneX and they didn’t last a week
Bought something else from Anker that didnt work...then they said if I ordered something else they would give me a discount...they didnt deliver on that either.
The design is nice and its easy to use. But it doesnt charge the iPhone as fast as advertised.
Works on my iphoneX and S7 but I cant say I love it, phones have to be placed exactly right on the center or will not charge. any movement either way and it will not charge. EDIT: the company’s customer service is TOP NOTCH! After trouble shooting they are sending me a replacement, I will test and update my review accordingly when it gets here.
Quit working after a month
hate it the charge keeps cutting out .Threw away the box already what a waste of money
New iPhone 8. Bought charger for overnight charging. Once a week I wake up with low battery. Phone is set to Do Not Disturb at night, so it shouldnt be vibrating off the charger.
Assumed that it would be compatible with the 6P since it was advertised to support Nexus 5/6/7.  It indicates incompatible device attached.
Had to return it because I had the product for 2days and woke up half charged. The charger would stop working in the middle of the night. I would try to charge again in the morning, it would not charge unless I move it to a different outlet. I checked my outlet, there is nothing wrong with it.
The previous description when I ordered this product, stated it charges iPhones, not just the iPhone 8/8plus or X.
My Galaxy S7 Edge has to sit almost perfectly on it to charge.If the phone moves a little bit and you dont notice it MAY stop charging  which sucks because Ive woken up with a dead phone a couple times. back to the regular charger.
Works ok but all 5 that we have make a funny humming noise when charging. Loud enough to drive you nuts if it is on your nightstand when you are trying to sleep.
Worked for one second, then the lights went off.  Called the Anker product support and they were rude and disrespectful.  They claimed they did not have to follow the Americans for Disabilities act and accomodate hearing impaired people as their call center was not covered by US Laws. Extremely rude and arrogant, refused to replace the unit promptly.
Stopped working after a month returned UPDATE: Anker contacted me and did everything they can to make it right and to make sure I was satisfied Its very rare you come across a brand that cares about their customers be confident in your purchase that if anything happens Anker will make it right one way or another.
Stopped working! Junk
Does not support thicker cell phone cases, S7 Edge with Otterbox Box Stratus case. Even while the case is off its hard to find charging center.
It looks like a normal sized wireless charger on the pictures but it is really tiny, like the iPhone 8 Plus barely fits on the thing
It seemed like it would work perfectly and I would finally get away from having to plug in my phone. Turns out that when you put your phone to charge there is a good possibility that you’ll find your phone not charging, in my case found it on the ground multiple times. Phone seems to move freely while on the pad and ends up moving off the pad after a few minutes.
Not reliable - look elsewhere
Worked great for about a month. Now it says it’s charging, but is not. Trying to figure out how to return it has been frustrating.
It makes an electrical buzzing sound when charging the iPhone 8.  Not appropriate for use as a bedside charger since the noise is noticeable.
Doesnt charge reliably through Otterbox Commuter case
For some reason i will lay it down screen facing up and it will stop charging after 5 minutes i dont know why or sometime i will look at my phone and it has slide off the charger.
UPDATE: Anker Customer Surface contacted me via email thanking me for writing a review and following up about my issues with the product. They offered to ship to me for free their new 5W wireless charger. The charger arrived in the mail, and it is great. It charges must faster than the one I previously purchased. Its also black, but its a standup charger, which I actually prefer. I will definitely purchase more Anker products in the future. Their customer service was great! Purchased for the iPhone X. I know it doesnt fast-charge the iPhone, but after spending so much on the phone, I wanted to find a more affordable wireless charger. At first, this seemed to work great, but after a week Ive noticed it takes longer and longer to charge my phone. There have also been multiple nights where I align it on the charger before bed and wake up to find the battery on 10%. In the mornings on these occasions, it looks to be aligned on the base, but I admit its possible that vibrations from the phone have moved it overnight. If they have, any movement has been incredibly slight and the charger is extremely sensitive. Ive also noticed significant wear on the charging pad already. I will probably have to buy a different charger.
These stupid things are garbage. I purchased two of these for our iPhone x’s and you put it down on the mat when you go to bed with 5% battery left and when you wake up the phone is at 12% charged. LOL SCAAAAAM!!! SCAM SCAM SCAM
The charger looks very appealing. There are 11 blue lights around the base, which breath when a supported device is placed onto it and they flash when an unsupported device is placed on top of it. There are 4 sticky rubber pads on the bottom and they prevent the light-weight charging pad from moving around. Mine has a couple of bulges on the bottom which makes it slide around, but they dont inhibit its charging ability. It does, however, make it feel cheap. This is why I gave it 3 stars. If it didnt have the bulges on the bottom or feel cheap, I would have given it 5 stars for its ability to do as advertised. Its a wireless charging pad that charges your phone when placed on it. Not much to say about that.
I like the charger as it gives me flexibility to just place the phone on my office desk. I mostly use it on office where I have to carry my phone in every meeting and even during restroom and water breaks. The thing which I dont like is that the charger is not actually fast charging. I use it woth Samsung charger which can charge my phone at ~2.4amps however, this would charge my phone at ~1.2amps Which means that it needs twice the time to charge which is not what I expected.
Bought a month ago, and now doesnt charge my iPhone 8+
The charger works as expected, however it does cause my phone to move on the charger. Eventually it will move the phone far enough that it will stop changing. I put a rubber band around it and that has stopped it from moving. //Update// Anker reached out to me and replaced my charger with a new charger that has more grip and does not allow my phone to move around. I was pleasantly surprised by their willingness to imitate helping me. Their customer service is very good.
It was nice but the charge took forever and it didn’t stay on.
First off, I really like Anker products. However, the MicroUSB cables that come with their products are pretty low quality. On this product, the microUSB cable looks to not be working at all, so I thought the product was DOA (dead on arrival). I used my Amazon Alexas cable (Amazon ships high quality microUSB cables), and the charging pad is working fine. ---UPDATE--- Anker reached out to me based on this review. They were very kind and provided 2 free 3ft higher quality cables. Thanks Anker for correcting the problem. The new cables work better and havent had an issue.
Ive had this charger for a week and so far, it seems to only charge for a minute or two then stops.  I have come back in 10mins, 30mins, 1hr and it hasnt charged.  I repositioned the phone on the pad, that seemed to help for a moment then it went dominant again. I depend on my phone and I need it to be ready when I am. So far, Im not impressed by this charger.
Surprised about the efficacy of this technology. Sometimes works great and other times just doesn’t. At the beginning I thought it was positioning of the phone but after several tries the charger worked and sometimes it didn’t. I returned the item after making sure the issue was the device not anything else.
If you think that youre case is thin enough to allow for wireless charging, think again.  I read the part that said "remove case before charging but thought that my gel case would be thin enough, or if not maybe I could charge though the display and not the back. Nope! You gotta take off your case and can only charge though the back, even charges at about 2/3rds the speed of a USB C charger, so this thing isnt exactly useful if youre in a hurry, do what is if for?
Will not charge iPhone X.
Overall this is a fine product if you only want 5w charging at a reasonable price. Its not a premium product and doesnt offer a premium experience (see below), but its safe, reliable, and comes from a trusted brand. If you want fast charging, the extra money spent on the required accessories (starting at $15) puts this at a similar price-point to more premium chargers that offer fast charging out of the box and provide an overall better experience (e.g., Belkin, Mophie, Samsung). If you want fast charging and dont already have an Anker fast-charging capable adapter, skip this product. I purchased this charger in anticipation of using it for the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus in our home. You arent getting a premium experience with this product, and once you add the required accessories for fast charging, you close in on the price of actual premium chargers.  Some notes: 1) Its smaller and lighter than youd expect. This is fine, in general, but it is light enough that the weight of the cable dangling to a power source below it can displace is when not loaded with a phone. Being as small as it is, it can be hard to know exactly how it is positioned under larger phones like the iPhone 8 Plus, and is thus a bit more finicky than chargers with a larger surface area. 2) The top is a dense, foam-like material that is not especially grippy/tacky The lack of grippiness means that phones may be easily displaced. I find that sometimes just removing my hand from it can sometimes shift it off the right spot. 3) Fast charging is a bit confusing, but seems to require a specific AC power supply. Ankers start at $15 This device does not come with a power supply (it has a micro-USB cable which you can plug into any USB power supply). However, youll only get fast charging when used with an adaptor with certain specifications, and it is not clear when you are, indeed, receiving maximum fast-charging wattage. The only way to guarantee is to get an adaptor from Anker that clearly supports fast charging. They start at $15. Combined with the price of this charging pad ($25 was my purchase price), youre totalling $40 to ensure fast charging. This puts it close to the price-point of chargers from Belkin, Mophie (~$59), and others that do fast charging out of the box, and have considerably more premium build quality.
This does not do “fast charge” on an iPhone. It’s an easy mistake to make. Works as a normal charger though.
did not work/support my iphone 7plus & description said it did
First Anker product Ive been disappointed by.  Too finicky to find sweet spot for charging iPhone X, does not seem to always remain charging even if it was confirmed on phone that it was charging.  Frustrating to wake up to phone not being charged even though LED lights on charging pad and phone indicated it was charging. I want simplicity to just be able to know that my phone will be charged by laying it on the pad, I do not want to manipulate it to make sure its on and feel like I have to check it to make sure its charging.
Didn’t charge my iPhone X as fast as is said! But the company thrives on the happynes and  satisfaction of the customer!! I’m very happy with them on that aspect! I recommend anker !! It’s an amazing company!
Seems to be well built. Slimmer than I expected, which is good. But the cable that it comes with is way too short to reach an outlet! Now I have to purchase a longer cable. Anker should sell this product with a reasonably long cable.
What the hell Anker I buy a lot of products from you and recommend them to all my friends. This charging pad doesn’t work well with my iPhone 8 Plus. I have to adjust several times and still end up plugging it in.
Got this for my iPhone X and it doesn’t even turn on. Tried with two different chargers, including one made by Anker. Super disappointed.
The blue LEDs are RIDICULOUSLY bright.  Precludes sleeping.
Stopped working the day after the return windup closed.
my friend and I ordered the same charger. His works with both of our phones, mine doesnt. I tried multiple different power sources, with a case and without a case - no luck. Makes a good coffee coaster.
The items now does not work. Ive had it for less than 30 days. The charge also takes much longer than if it was plugged in.
I am so disappointed with this product! It barely charged 5% in 1 hour!!! I tried it for 2 days and it did the same! I have the iphone X ...won’t recommend this to anyone at all!
This charger lasted about 6 weeks.  When it worked, it was great.  But now, it does not charge correctly.  When I put it on the charger, everything appears to be okay.  The lightening bolt in the upper right corner of my iphone says its charging.  But when I wake up in the morning, the phone is uncharged and the charging pad and the phone are HOT.  At first, I thought it was a great product, even bought a second one for my mom.  I have other Anker products and have been very happy with them.  I dont know if this one was a dud but I dont want to chance it.  I wont be giving my mom the second charger.  Id return them but the window has closed so I guess Im just out the money I paid for both of them.
It did not work for my iPhone ! I didn’t care for it ! It’s being returned.
My SAmsung S8 doesnt charge.  I turn it off...take it out of its case and the item lights up like it is charging.  It seems to actually USE my phones power while its is charging...  Disappointing
Update regarding my past review. Immediately after I posted my review stating my charger stopped working after a month, anker contacted me. Their costumer service was the best I’ve encountered in a long time. They issued me a sincere apology, and they were kind enough to send me a new charger for free. My charger should be here any day. I certainly know they deserve more stars on their customer service alone.. will update on quality of new charger. Thank you anker customer service.
Not working with my iPhone 7’s. It flashes continuosly which means device not recognized?!
Update: customer service contacted me about the product and my review and sent me a new product. This one does work. Still not fast charge and you need to place the phone specifically on the correct space on the charger. I appreciate the customer service though. Old post: First complaint was that it wasnt fast charging. But now it doesnt work at all. Just blinks at me. Its been in my house and plugged in for maybe a week. Am filing for return or refund. Garbage product.
I was really excited when I had the opportunity to charge my iPhone 8 Plus wirelessly, and went with this one because some reviews said Anker was good, but after a few weeks of using it, this high-pitch "whirring" noise it makes is driving me crazy. At first it only did it when it was charging and I took the phone off. Now it does it all the time. It kept me from sleeping, so I decided to go back to just plugging in. I had actually bought two of them and they are both doing it. Maybe my ears are just really sensitive, but its just not worth it!
Does not work with iPhone 7s
I love Anker products so thats why I chose this charging pad.  It works great for my iPhone X.  Downgraded because I cant get it to work for my Air Pods.  Will change review up if I can get assistance or figure it out. Edited to 3 star.  My iPhone X slides right off.  I think I have to send it back.
Not worth buying! The phone has to be perfectly set on top to work.
I usually have my case and 3 cards on back.  To charge, I have to take out all the cards.  Useful when I need to have headset plugged in during a call and need to charge the phone, but otherwise it doesnt really work for me.
Tiny little lights you cant see.  Hardly bigger than a Qi coil.  Large iPhone or tablet completely hides the pretty blue pulsating light show.  Shame they went to that much trouble for protection and style, yet failed to recognize all that visual whiz-bang is hidden from view.  I did find a solution:  have a little hand mirror nearby.  Angle the mirror with one eye so you can see the edge of the charger.  With the other eye carefully lower your iPhone into what you think is a good position. UPDATE  - down-rating since this doesnt charge anything I try.
Not sure its a real 10W but whatever its for when I sleep at night so it has the time to fully charge. No light on all time long and thin so worth it near your bed
Completely DIED WITHIN 2 weeks!  NO RESPONSE FROM THIRD PARTY!!!
It worked for me if I took the case off but not otherwise. It works but only if you want to take the protection off your phone.
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTERS IPHONE 6 PLUS AND I ALSO HAD TO BUY THE WALL CHARGER TO GO WITH THIS LIKE IT SAID TO . I  CAN SAY IT DOES NOT CHARGE MY DAUGHTERS PHONE. DOES ANYONE KNOW WHY
Will not work with docks or laptops. USB ports on laptops only offer 4.5 Watts. Docks are the same, CalDigits TS3 Plus is the only one that offers 7.5. This thing needs 10 WATTS!!!! Plus, this is not FCC approved. Very dangerous.
My phone gets so hot it stops charging. Im thinking refund. I am following the directions to the T. but still no good results.
Anker provides very limited instructions.  I followed the instructions and it does not work!  It would not work even when I took my iPhone out of its case.  I could never get it to charge my phone.  Very disappointed!!!
Despite my device being listed as one compatible with this device, I received it and it would not charge my galaxy S8+.
It does what it’s suppose to. Very very small and low profile which I like. 3 starts because it’s very positional and I find it annoying. I have to try to position my phone just in the right spot in order for the charging to engage. I’m using the charger with iPhone X.
Avoid this if you have a phone with a glass back like the iPhone 8. Unfortunately I have to concur with other reviewers that the phone indeed slides off of this charger. No matter how I place the phone on the charger, in the morning itll either be on the night stand or on the floor having slid off of the charger during the night. Update: Anker read my review and sent me an email to rectify the situation. While my complaint about the design of this particular model is still accurate, the customer service is beyond fantastic. I am updating my rating based on their quick response. This is kind of a bummer because Im usually very happy with Anker products. But this wireless charger is a dud.
Didnt know you had to take the protective cover off the iPhone. Very inconvenient.
Works only 80% of the time.
Broke after 3 months. Cheaply made.
Doesnt charge as fast as wired connection. Didnt come with a wall adapter, only USB cable.
Doesnt work
Normally, I love Anker products, but this one just misses the mark. Every evening since getting the charger, Ive placed my iPhone X on the pad. My phone lights up and shows the lightning bolt on the battery indicator. When I wake up in the morning, I have less charge on my phone than when I went to sleep, but the indicator still shows it as charging. Ive tried moving it around on the pad, putting different parts of the Phone on different parts of the pad, but since the indicator shows its charging, it is difficult to tell if any areas work better than others; further, one shouldnt have to go through an exercise like this just to charge his phone. it is easier to just plug it into the provided cable. Anker is a good company, but this product is just a dud. I guess I wasted $30.
Doesnt work on phoens with case
Ordered two of these. One works great but the other flashes continuously throughout the night. Seems to be defected.
it doesnt charge samsung gear (overheating)
WIRELESS DOESNT CONNECT CANT SEE IT ITS LIKE NOTHING/AIR
It works on the iphone 8 but I cant get it to work on the 8 plus
Pretty irritated. Does not charge any faster than my normal charger, which is the entire reason i got it. So if you want a super charger, this isnt it. Same quality as the $10 cheapy charger i bought.
Pretty upset, mine arrived today and I can’t get it to charge my new iPhone X with or without the case
This is the first charging pad I have used so I dont have a great comparison. This charger works, however its pretty finicky about the placement of the phone. I wish it were a bit more forgiving but it works and it was affordable.
Unfortunately, this did not work with my Caseology case and metal wafers for Anker magnetic car mount. I had read some reviews that said it worked even with metal inside case for car mount, but charger did not work for me with case on.
somethimes is not charge
My product just stop working and now it does not charge and the leds are not working anymore.
Works on samsung note 8. Cannot charge with otterbox case.
Product stopped working within 2 months of use. No issues with anything dropped on it and all cords were properly plugged in.
This product is not working with my IPhone 10
It never worked on any of my Android decices. Can’t return cause some fool in my home threw it away! Wasn’t worth it at all.
I am ordinarily a fan of this brand’s charging cords so I thought I would try this product.  I was very disappointed to see how flimsy it appears.  Most importantly, it’s not very sensitive to my phone so many times I have put my phone on there overnight to charge and it has not charged to my dismay.  I do have the same type of product in a different brand and it always charges my phone.  The Anker one I have,  I have to keep setting down  my phone on the pad to get it to register  that it’s on there, and then charge it.  I have an iPhone 8.
Its nice and small, the blue lights are a nice touch. The unit is picky on where the phone sits on it, has to be right in the middle. Off by a little bit and it wont charge. Wish it was a little stronger in power so it doesnt have to be so exact. Maybe look at a different one. Update: I received an email from Anker Customer Service about the charger. After a few questions they will be sending me a replacement unit in the next few days to test and let them know how it works. So far customer service has been very good at trying to resolve this issue.
Works but doesnt fast charge my s9
Didnt work with my phones
Already stopped working... I havent had it very long.
I rarely write reviews but here it goes.  This wireless charger is very small and nice, but the one problem I have with it, is that I dont believe it is fast charging.  I have the AC adapter that is 3.0, but it really doesnt fast charge.  I have an old Samsung wireless charger that is NOT a fast charger and I feel as if it charges at the same speed, if not faster than this "Fast Charger"
Works fine as a wireless charger.  I have not timed it to see if its any faster than a normal wireless charger but seems fast enough for my purposes.  One negative thing is that my unit makes a high pitched whining sound when it is plugged in.  Its barely audible but I can definitely hear it as I have the charger on my work desk about 1 foot way from me.  Kind of annoying, so I just unplug it every time it is not in use.  Could just be my unit though so idk. Other than that it is fine.
Right, so heres the thing: its practically useless because whenever it charges the iPhone X, it slides the phone off the pad so the charging stops. For three days I tried to charge my phone at night and in the mornings it hadnt charged and it had moved off the pad. I thought I just bumped into the nightstand or something, but no. You can actually see it move, its eerie. Attaching a video to prove it because honestly, it sounds too stupid to be true — but it is. Regret buying two of these for sure. The top surface is super slick, and it should probably have had some non-slip surface to keep the phone still during the wireless charging process. Honestly, this is such a mindbending design flaw I struggle to even write this. :)
I really like the light design that lets you know if its being charged and doesnt stay lit up but its super touchy.  Ive used this for a few days now and it always takes 4, 5 or more tries to make it charge and Ive repeatedly had it stop charging sometime in the middle of the night. Dont know whats different between this and a Samsung branded one but I dont have these same issues with those chargers. - Updated review: They sent me a new one and its definitely better than the first but it still requires more precision placement than the standard Samsung.
Disclaimer: the product I received was open, seal broken, the pad was not in a white sleeve as other customers have posted, and the cable was unwrapped and loose in the box. It is unclear if mine is defective, but at the very least looks like I was given a used product. That being said, Amazon was helpful in giving me a full refund. In terms of the actual product itself, its major pros are the slim design and absence of excessive lights during charging. I was impressed by how slim the profile is and it works great on a desk. My major complaint is the slower charging speed compared to the Samsung fast charging wireless pad that I used for comparison. In charging an iPhone X, the Anker charger maxed out around 6.56W, which is about 0.1W slower than the Samsung charger. Of note, I have not found a wireless charger that attains the theoretical maximum 7.5W charging for the iPhone X. In doing these comparisons, I used a 40W Anker Charger. My other main complaint is the amount of power used even when the product isn’t charging. It uses about 0.3W of power just by having the device plugged in (and not charging). The Samsung charger on the other hand did not draw any power when idle. I have always loved my Anker chargers and battery packs. I think there’s room for improvement with this item.
I ordered one of these along the Anker Quick Charge 3.0 and I won’t fast charge my iPhone 8 with the silicon case. I don’t know what’s wrong with it. I have iOS 11.2.
Couldnt get it work with my phone, wifes phone, or my dads. All newer models (less than 2yr since release date).
The first one I bought worked great, but my dog ate it.  I got another one because of how well it worked, sadly though, it stopped working after like a week.  I never got around to shipping it back so I guess Im stuck with it.  Not sure if it was defaulty or what, but it no longer works..
Slow charging for iphone8. It is recommend for Samsung product. Hence it is a good product
Worked great.  Didnt get hot.  Power sort where you plug in small end has a short in less than a month.  No longer works.
Worked great for the first week, then just stopped working. So I was going to return it, then it started working again. It was ok for few months, then just stopped working again. Not sure if it’s a defective device or an inferior  product.  Too late now to send it back
Works fine
Broke immediately.
I own 3 other Anker QI wireless charges which I love . I purchased this one because of that . Initially it worked great . I like the led status indicators that light up when first placing down your phone and then go out after a few seconds . It helps you be sure the phone was placed well . At first this charger worked well . BUT - after a few weeks - I noticed that it charged my phone much slower then it first did . It seems as though it is no longer putting out full wattage . It is like this no matter what USB charger I use ... so it seems that something has failed internally . If my return / exchange window is still open ... I would definitely get another . When it worked correctly - it was great .
I was pretty disappointed because i was expecting it to charge faster compared to other “wireless” charger. Started at 48% for over two hrs it only charged up to 70%. I would ask for a return but i live far and couldnt give it back. It also heats up the phone. Waste of money
Ive always found Anker products to be stylish and reliable.  I upgraded to this fast-charging wireless charging plate from a first generation wireless charger.  My previous (slower) charger had three coils inside to ensure that regardless of where I placed my phone on the plate, it would always start charging.  This new charger by Anker is a bit disappointing in that you have to be careful where you place your phone on the pad or it wont charge it.  My wife discovered this after her phone died during the night (she uses it as an alarm clock) and she ended up late to work when it didnt hae enough power to set the alarm off.  If we have to be focused on the right placement on the charging pad, I may as well go back to wired charging.  Incidentally, compared to my previous wireless charging pad by CHOETECH, it does decrease charging time by 30 to 40 minutes, so it is faster for the most part.
Slow to charge unless you purchase the Quick Charge power cord separately. Phone has to be really at center when charging. If you have your phone on vibrate and your phone is charging, when you get a call or text your phone will come off the center of the port and will not charge. There should be a lock or somethingto hold the phone from shifting.
** update, Anker has been in touch and is sending a replacement which hopefully fixes the issue. Original review: I cant trust it which makes it almost useless -- Ill put my phone on it, the lights will go on, my phone will show its being charged -- when I pickup my phone theres a 30% chance its remained charging.  Ive bought many anker charging items and its a brand I trust.  Sadly this has changed my opinion.
Didnt like or work for me.  The charging was to slow. I keep it charging all night and it was less than 50% in morning.  So not a good product.  At least for not me.
Great concept.  Misleading product claims.  It will not charge my iPhone 8, with or without case installed on the device.  Establishing a return today.
I found that the Samsung version is way better, this one does the job but its slower and not worth it to me. I would rather pay more for the fast charge.
The  only Anker product that disappoints. You have to be very carefull where you put your cell phone because if not it doesnt charge at all. TRUST MY WORD. BUY ONE THAT IS A STAND. NOT a flat one. Thank me later.
Does not work at all!
Terrible terrible product does not charge phone at all wasted my money buy MOPHIE pay the extra money!! UNRELIABLE!!!
This is not fast....the cords inourchased are much much faster.  Disappointed.
Im still on the fence about whether I want to return this or not. It is somewhat convenient but the charging is not fast at all. Im currently using the Samsung adapter that came with the phone, maybe thats the issue but id rather not pay more money to find out. I will consistently get a 10% charge within about 20 minutes, I have a brand new Samsung S9+. You are somewhat limited to what phone cases you can use. I had a thicker case from Otterbox that I returned because it wouldnt charge unless I was holding it down. I now use a Spigen Neo Hybrid and it seems to charge fine. Aesthetically, this is a simple design that works. Lights are a very nice touch, not too bright or over-invasive. Last thing I want to note and the main reason why I am considering returning this item (apart from the slow charging). If you have a car phone mount that operates on a magnet attached to the back of your phone, you may want to reconsider getting this item. The magnet will prevent the charge and, while you maybe be able to get a charge at a certain angle, the magnet heats up too much. Good product for the price.
No good
This thing charges when it wants too..
Bought this charger two months ago and used it for when I traveled so no more than 20 charges since receiving it. It no longer works at all, the blue light when it’s first plugged in doesn’t even turn on anymore. I’ve tried changing wall blocks and taking my case of and nothing works. Disappointed I got a lemon.
I bought this on Feb 22. At first it worked great. It is now past the return date and the charger doesn’t work.
My charger isn’t working very well with my I phone ten
Charge more slow than the plug direct (lightning)
Returned.  does not charge as fast as it said it does.  I have the iPhoneX
Works ok. Slow. Lights turn off so you dont know if it is still charging without taking your phone off the charger
This wouldnt charge any of my devices, ie. LG G5, iPad mini, & other LG phone. Even if it did work, you have to take off any cases before charging, making this rather impractical; Its far easier to just plug in a device than take off its case. I will be returning this product..
Honestly, I dont notice this to be any faster than the stock charger for iPhone X. On top of that, it doesnt even come with its own plug? A bit of a waste of money in my opinion seeing as it doesnt have its own plug & it doesnt seem to be any faster than being plugged in normally which was the reason that I bought this. I wanted a "fast" charger & it doesnt seem to be fast for me. So, 3 stars from me.
It said charging when I put my phone down but in the morning was still at 25% it didn’t go up at all. Tried 3 days in a row then returned it. The phone was super hot in the morning and so was the plug.
I cant get my s7 to charge. The blue lights flash when I put my phone on it but it doesnt connect and charge. Am I missing something
It works, but note that the wall AC adapter is not included, only a USB cable. I think this should be listed more prominently, because I didnt expect to have to buy that separately.
This did not work on any of my phones  android or Iphone
Small and slow charging.  Not what I expected
Product works as advertised but the included cable is too short to go from the outlet behind my end table to the middle of the end table. Obviously the majority of users are not using a wireless charge out in the open 1 foot from a outlet. Im ok with the unit not coming the a power brick, but not everyone has a bunch of extra micro-usb cables (iphone users). This requires someone to spend alone $5-$15, just to make the product usable. So take that addition expense into account when comparing. Honestly, Anker should charge 50 cents more and include a 6 foot cable.
Very easy to get it to work. However, when I wan to charge my X I have to take the case off of it to get it to charge the battery. No so practical at work, was hoping I could simply place it on the charger and live it and when need grab and go.
Very convenient, but had a very short life span.. I would not recommend the purchase of this item.. 2 star rating at the most.
Too slow to charging. Its not perfect for me.
Slow charging even when connected to fast charger
There are a few things wrong with this charger. The first is that the phone has to be set down perfectly so that the charger will recognize it and turn on. The second is that the top part is made of a slippery material which does not grip my iPhone X. Often times, in the middle of the night, my phone will slip off the charger, and even completely off the nightstand onto the hardwood floors below. Todays occurrence was the final straw for me though, as my phone slipped off the charger in the middle of the night and my battery died. My 7AM alarm did not go off as a result.
Bought three of them a few months ago. They have worked great until this week when one of them stopped working.
Charges great but while charging it makes a high pitched clicking noise. Very annoying if you sleep an arms distance away.
I bought two of these one for myself and one for my wife. Naturally we have different cases on our phones X. I have  a thin hard plastic case on my phone with an air vent holder disk stuck on the back. My wifes phone has a thicker plastic case on her phone with no air vent plate stuck on her case. These will not work without taking the case off, on both of our phones. They do work if do that but at that point I might as well just plug them in to the charger. Sending both back
The Micro USB connector was bad on the unit I received, every time the cable was moved the charger would turn off. I had to re-solder the connector to make it work.
UPDATE 3/14/18: i received a different wireless charge than the one i originally ordered. I’m not upset about this as the one they sent me actually works. I definitely don’t recommend tbis one. However, i do recommend their cheaper option. Here’s the link for that one; https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0756Z8X82/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1521041211&sr=8-1-spons&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=anker+wireless+charger&psc=1 UPDATE 3/11/2018: Customer service reached out to me after reading my review and have offered to send me a replacement even though i already returned the charger. I have increased my rating due to the excellent customer service i have received. Once i get the charger and try it out, i will update my review further. The only reason why i got this was because it was a lightning deal. I now know why it was marked so cheap. I left my phone on the charger over night. I made sure that it lit up letting me know it was getting a charge. Well. When i woke up my phone was at 20%. This thing charges it for five minutes then shuts off. Don’t waste your money on it.
Does not work for note 8
Updated: I had more luck charging my Apple Watch with an elaborate system of ropes, pullies, a dynamo, a hamster and some cheese. I had essentially no luck with this PowerPort 10 charger. It barely functioned with my Apple iPhone 8, seeming to take forever and not working at all with my wafer-thin case. I received an email from Anker customer support offering to replace this model (free of charge), with their updated PowerPort 5 stand (as seen here: https://www.amazon.com/Anker-PowerPort-Wireless-Standard-Qi-Certified/dp/B0753Z4PGC). This model definitely seems to work better, so I did add a star to this model and will add a review for the other. They also told me theres no way to charge the Apple Watch with any of their devices, so theres that ... back to the hamster for me!
Worked okay for a while, then not at all. On the bright side, they did cover the item under warranty. So, good on the customer service
Order after watch mat on YouTube. After i got had to go to manufacturer to find it doesnt work with my phone very disappointed
Only worked for a few days then stopped. Bad product :(
Must position the phone just perfect to charge.
As much as I love the design, this charger is going to sit by my bed, and the simple fact that it has a lot of blue leds makes this a no. Blue leds keep people awake or let them sleep badly. Why do manufacturers still insist on this? Red lights would have been better. Or a discreet led of any color but blue. And no. I did not buy it, my review is for the reason why I did not buy.
Failed after three months. Could not reach customer service by phone number ("disconnected or out of order") listed for 18 month warranty. Disappointing.
I just used it for 2 days. It was plugged in and I kept my phone on the pad and it was not working then I have checked if there is something wrong from power source then I realized that it was the charging pad that was faulty
Doesnt work with my samsung galaxy s6+
This is a very unreliable charger. I always make sure the charging sign is on after I put it on the pad before going to sleep. I woke up one day to a dead iPhone. I let it go as a one time thing, but it just kept happening. The blue lights come on, the iPhone says it’s charging, but when I wake up, it hadnt charged. This is unacceptable and a waste of money.
Product stopped working 5 days outside of the return window. Not a good product.
This charger does not work.  HOping I can still return it.
would not work with the older I-phones. If it specified I missed it.
Little sensitive on where you need to place your phone. You can’t just place it on it...you need to move it around until it finds the spot.
Edit **Anker did contact me regarding this and were helpful assisting me find a solution.**   This charger was not capable of Fast Qi Charging using my Galaxy S9+.  I did use the provided QC3.0 capable power source that came with my phone, and it does fast wireless charge with another charging pad correctly.  Ive since requested a refund.  Its a nice looking pad, just didnt work for me.
Similar issues to what others have written does not charge quickly left it over night and if only charged 30%.
Doesnt quite work well enough with a case on the phone.  The Samsung one does.
Does not connect with my phone consistently.
I thought I’d be able to charge it through my iPhone 8+’s case but sadly, it’s not possible. Seems like it’s only great for anyone who uses a phone “naked”
My phone didnt not hold charge as long as plugging in.
not charging, i need to call them because this thing isnt charging at all.
Charger isn’t wireless the charger had to be plugged to charge the phone.
Says "fast charging" but still takes longer to charge my Samsung Galaxy s8+ whereas charging through the usb type c cable is faster.  Also, wireless charging doesnt work through Otter box case I have to remove case each time. UPDATE 2/6/18 Left the phone on the pad to charge over night....IT DIDNT EVEN CHARGE IT TO FULL....OVER NIGHT! Phone displayed message "Weak charging. Your phone is draining faster than it can charge" This thing is just a glorified coaster.
Stops charging my iPhone X after I receiving notification. For example my phone was 10% before I went to sleep when I woke up it was not charging and only reach 30% .
Update: Anker contacted me and shipped me a new PowerPort 5 for free, which works great with my iPhone X. Amazing customer service!! Poor design: during charging my iPhoneX is moving/ pushed off the charging pod. The only way for the phone to stay onto of the charger is to place other objects around it to keep it in place. Phone gets extremely hot during charging and even after a full night of charging does not reach 100% battery charge. Not recommended for iPhoneX
Good chargers, nothing much to it. They seem to work better with my Samsung Note 5 than my Galaxy S8 - with the Note I never had an issue with phone placement, while the S8 requires a lot more trial and error to place it exactly on the spot for the phone to charge. One minor gripe - it would be nice if the charger had a more obvious light that remained on while the phone is charging. When you initially place a device on the charger, the sides all light up a very soft blue, but after a few seconds theres no obvious way to tell whether the phone is charging or not without checking on the phone itself.
No issues with performance. I have been using over a month and havent noticed any decreased performance or stoppage in charging (although I dont charge overnight) as others have. But it has begun making a faint beeping/chirping noise that is loud enough to notice in a quiet room when close to the charger (e.g. working at my desk). I have reached out to Anker and hopefully they provide a replacement. If so I will update to five stars as I very much enjoy the product outside this issue. I am using on an iPhone X.
As far as being a wireless charger, this product rocks. It charges fast and you can expect what you get from all other Anker products, quality. The big issue I have with the device is that it is extremely picky as to where your phone needs to be placed I  order to charge. If I dont put my Galaxy S8+ in the EXACT spot it likes I will not get a charge. Needless to say this is extremely frustrating if I want to do a quick phone check at night.
Very convenient, the only issue is that it takes one full night to charge my iPhone X. I am still not sure what’s the best spot on the charger to place my phone to charge. Some mornings I have found my phone to still not charged despite being on the charging pad for at least 6-7 hours. I know it’s wary days for iPhoneX and wireless charging. Is it someone else noticed slow charging using iPhoneX?
Stopped working after a month of use. Awesome!!
Pretty poor performance compared to my other wireless charger. Needs phone to be placed In a specific position in order to work. Good customer service by Anker though. They replaced this model with a different model that works much better
I have brought Anker prodcts in the past and have love the quality. This charger falls way short of my expectations. When I first recieved the product it work perfectly about a month in it degraded to the point were it starts charging then stops, Not recommended;
Doesn’t charge my iPhone all the time but it charges rapidly when it works
This charger is both slow and faulty. When it works, which is only some of the time, it charges your phone at a whopping 1% per 5 mins. I love Anker products but this one has been a huge miss. I would not recommend buying this charger.
It does not work efficiently on my iPhoneX. It will light up to "charge" but will keep turning on n off and I end up with 5% charged in 30-45 min. My phone was at 25% at 9pm, and by the time I woke up at 6am, it was only at 75% charged. I am also using the 12W Apple adapter with it. Ill wait for the Apple wireless charger to come out instead.
This pad does not adequately mitigate the haptic vibrations of my phone. I regularly find my phone having shook itself off the effective area of the charging pad in the morning. Waking up to a quarter charge is a huge bummer.
Stopped working a week after I got it and stopped charging my phone after ten minutes.
Terrible product. I bought two of these and barely charges by phone.
my iPhone vibrates off this though
No did not meet my expectation.  Image looks bigger. Thx
Works when you have phone on it just right, but far to often I find that even though it looks like phone is sitting on it correctly its still not charging.
I was mixed as I didnt know how many stars to give here. I own 2 of these units. One of which still works fine. The 2nd unit has failed. When I plug it into the Anker quick charger the blue lights around the edges just flash and does not charge my GS7+. Also the lights on my Anker quick charger just continuously flashes. When I swap it out with my other Anker charging pad, everything works fine. So the problem is clearly the Powerport charging pad. My Anker wall charger and cable is fine when used with my other Anker charging pad.
Started working fine to wirelessly charge an iPhone 8 Plus. Within a couple of weeks, began randomly stopping charging. Would work again after unplugging and plugging back in. Now will no longer charge at all.
It was good and fast for several months and suddenly it stopped charging. It sometimes works but not like before. Several times, it drained out all of my battery of my Samsung Galaxy S7 and left 10% battery life. Avoid!!
First of all, in the past I have had great luck with Anker products. I have several different things they offer and for my other things, I have no complaints. This wireless charging station, only worked 12 hours for me. It arrived Fiday afternoon and by Saturday evening no matter what I do, it wont charge. The little blue lights blink at me like Close Encounters of the Third Kind but Im afraid I dont have the music to go with it so the code remains unbroken at this time and I am sad. This little thing is going back and I guess I am unworthy of meeting the aliens.
I bought this charger thinking it was a great deal. I loved it for the first 15 minutes of use, until it stopped charging my phone. I took my phone off and put it back on again, nothing. I unplugged everything and plugged it back in, and it only charged for 15 minutes again. Returned immediately.
doesnt charge very fast and am using with a fast charger plug.  it is a little picky on how the phone lays on the charger...needs to be just right.  now less than a year later the charging pad doesnt work.
Seems like you got to get the phone positioned just right for it to charge. (Case or no case)
Absolutely disappointed with how this product turned out. It works so poorly that I want to believe I just received a defective unit. Immediately after receiving the package, I plugged it in and tried to charge my phone. Right off the bat, I had experienced the following problems: 1. The product was not strong enough to charge my phone through its reasonably sized case. Not the end of the world, but frustrating regardless. 2. My phone was magnetically dragged around the surface of the pad (which was resting on a level surface) which then resulted in my phone falling off of the pad and onto the ground. 3. When I moved the pad and tried to charge it again, the duration of the charge lasted no more than 5 minutes before my phone began sliding around again. Definitely going to ask for a refund. I asked for a wireless charger and what I got what was a headache.
Doesn’t charge well. Hard to get the phone set on just right and the charger cops out.
This charger it looks great and will work most of the time but out of nowhere it will lose its charge automatically leaving your phone dead when you wake up in the morning . I have troubleshooted many different things and the unit is just defectiveI have tried to contact the seller but it’s just a run around.
Got it for my wife but it does not fast charge.
Have to position phone perfectly to charge.  Also is not fast charging, takes just over 2 hours to fully charge compared to the 1 hour 20 mins using the regular fast charge cable. Would not recommend
Ordered one on dec 8, 2016 and received it dec 12, 2016. Tried everything.. take off the case, differenr placements of the phone and could never get it to charge my S7.  Called customer support today 12:03 pm and was told they have a lot of complaints like mine. She offered to transfer me to amazon customer support to return the product.  No attempt to help resolve the problem except to recommend returning it. Guess Im returning it later today.
There appears to be a single coil in here. I have an S7 Edge. I have to place the phone *perfectly* aligned in order to activate charging. Its basically useless, its so frustrating. It fast charges, thats for sure. That definitely works. Even though a thick, tough case. But if I kept this, it would eventually get thrown across the room. Its that finicky and annoying. Returned. First time Ive ever been this disappointed in an Anker product!
My brother just purchased this product for me as a Christmas present.  The product seemed cheap.  The pad was scratched up, not clean looking.  Charges ok.  After reading many reviews, I thought Anker was the best.  Now I see the quailty - not all that great.  Too bad I could not return it and/or get a another exact one being that this was a gift from my brother only.
Not a fan of this charger.  I have been using a normal wireless charger without any problems and was excited when I saw this Anker Fast Wireless charger.  Plugged in and at 1st use it will not work at all with my phone in its case which has had no problem with other chargers. Took the case off and the charger is still finicky and will only work with the phone in certain positions. Anker makes some good stuff but I would not recommend this one.
It is a little bit finicky with charging because you have to be exact, otherwise it charges fast and its small and somewhat discrete, if anything could be improved it could be an added coil would be nice so it would not be as finicky
I have an S7 and have tried this charger both with my lifeproof case and without.  In either situation, it is very picky about how you lay your phone down compared to the Samsung fast wireless charger I also have.  The fact that I had to get a separate fast wall charger was also frustrating, for the extra ~$20 I would recommend the Samsung charger that comes with a much longer cable, the fast wall adapter, and is less finicky about how you place the phone.  I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 because overall the charger seems well made, is a nice size, its a lot thinner than I was expecting, and has a nice texture that keeps your phone in place.
Didnt work with most of my galaxy s7 cases.  I ended up getting a cheaper fast wireless charger from Yootech which worked with my s7 cases.
Works the same for me as a $1.99 one I purchased from China.  Does not fast charge my S7 using the Samsung fast charging block.  Other than that, it is a very sleek and nice design with nice blue LEDs that fade in and out to let you know it is positioned correctly.
2 our ot 4 work properly. 2 that work:  Fast charge. 1 amp with 2 amp input, 5v x 1 amp = 10  watts.  Same as cable!  Much more convenient.  Love the LCD that comes on briefly and then extinguished so nice for bed table. 2 that dont work.  One burned up with the first use.  The other gradually stopped fast charging over 6 months. The good news is that Anker customer service is extraordinary.  They noticed my negative review and contacted  me to "make it right."  They replaced 1 of the defective items and this one worked.  The one that burned up I sent it back and asked for a refund.  Not willing to try it again as my phone got quite hot and the OE charger and cable were destroyed.
This doesnt seem to work consistently with a Speck case on a Galaxy S7 Edge. When placed perfectly, it does work through the case and the phone recognizes it as a fast charger but that reduces the usefulness of wireless charging.  When it is working, the blue LEDs are a nice indicator and turn off quickly enough that you could use this without blinding yourself. Update: I purchased a similar competitors fast wireless charger (pleson) and it works perfectly through my case. I typically love Anker products but cant recommend this with a phone case.
Didnt work, waited to late to send back
At first glance, the wireless charging pad seemed ideal. Easy set up, sleek design, seemingly high quality material. The first night I got it, I set it up on my nightstand before bed. It turned blue as expected and showed my phone as charging. When i woke up the next day, i found my phone to be out of battery, and halfway off the pad. I took it to work, and noticed that after a few minutes my phone will not be in the same position as how I set it. It keeps sliding off the pad, very slowly so it isn’t obvious when my phone (iPhone 8) starts sliding. This is very annoying since i need to keep checking and adjusting my phone on the charging pad! I had high hopes for this product but was sorely disappointed. I was planning to buy more for my home, but unfortunately this does not keep my phone on the charging pad.
I have had several of these and they work great while they work.  Eventually though the micro USB input will break after repeated plug/unplug events. Anker service has been great in replacing these, and a newer model https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Qi-Certified-Compatible-Fast-Charging-PowerWave/dp/B07DBX67NC/ref=dp_ob_title_wld seems to be sturdier.
Not worth the money, it’s stopped charging two months after purchase.
There are better choices - skip this.
I purchased this item end of December and I never use them. It charges my phone SOOO SLOWLY I just got sick of it ordered another wireless charger on Amazon. (Y**tech) much better power and compared to this product. so disappointed but i cant even return them because its been more than 3 months.
Worked for a couple weeks,  then stopped charging.  I expect it to work faithfully for over a year,  if not several years.
I did not like
Checked and double checked to make sure my phone was compatible before ordering. Got the charger...actually as a gift for my wife (we have the same phone) and I tried it to see how it worked before giving it to her and it doesnt.
Received it on 11/12/18. Today is 12/19/18 and it’s not working anymore. Such a waste of money. It charged my Xs Max very slow when it did work.
After 4 months of regular use. It is not working now. Sometime I unplug and plug in the USB power cable will work but always. I also tried on different power supply. Disappoint on the quality. I will contact Anker and see what will happen. (previous review) This charges my iPhone 8 without problem. It has anti-slipping pads on top and bottom a very nice feature.
I must have received an defective item as it almost cause an electrical fire.  It fried the wire and had a really bad smell.  Talk to Amazon for a replacement and the replacement didnt arrive.  Did get a credit at the end though.  I usually like Anker, but this one left a bad taste.
Thought this might work according to the the product description ...sadly no go for the LG V 30 hopefully my roommate when he gets home will work for his S8 that he has so wont be a total loss still like anchor products three stars looks well built
Need to keep re-positioning the phone until you hear it charge.  If it werent so time consuming I would send it back.
the shipping was not complete, the charger was missing.
I thought I would love this charger, and I did enjoy the convenience of it while it worked. Unfortunately, the stupid thing stopped working after a month, and of course it was 2 days after my return window closed. What a waste of money. I would not recommend this product to anyone, which is a shame, because I have always been impressed with the quality and durability of Anker phone charging products in the past. I will begin searching for a different wireless charger now.
They claim its a fast charge charger but sure doesnt seem like it. I have to charge overnight to have a full battery life. U also need to find that sweet spot on ur phone and the charger in order to get a charge. If not, then you wont have any charge. I bought 2 to get rid of wires but I should just deal with wiring and charging directly to my phone. Not too happy about this. Wont recommend it. UPDATE 9/10: Seller contacted me with professionalism and within 2 business days. They offered to send me replacements that actually work way better than the original items I had ordered. PowerPort Wireless 10 is the new replacement they sent so I would highly recommend it over the wireless pad.
This charger is great if you don’t have a case on your phone it does not work with a cell phone case
It stopped working after 2 months. Dont buy this.
This product is made nicely but the amount of time it takes to charge a phone is laughable. For a full charge, its about 5 hours.
I purchased this for a Xmas gift and it stopped charging my husbands Iphone in early March.
Let me start by saying I LOVE Anker, own over a dozen of their products ,mostly battery chargers Bought this product for use with my iPhone 8 on 5/28/18. Last month it just stopped working. Disappointed it did not even last 1 year.
Ankers warranty replacement process is very convoluted.  I sent a picture and a description per Ankers request.  They wanted more information.  The time Ive spent on this return attempt is not worth going further.  I guess it will go in the E-waste pile...  Im a bit disappointed as I have not problems with the Anker brand.
I have liked this unit, but the USB plug gets loose so that there is not a good connection all the time. It would be nice that Anker changed from using a USB-mini to a USB-type C. That format is much more stable to movement. Other than that it is very plug and play. I use a Anker charger to provide the power that has 2 high speed charge ports and that part of it works well.
This wireless charger charged my iPhone XS for a soild 4 months no problem, but as of a couple weeks ago its ability to charge is rapidly decreasing.  It started by being really slow to charge, now it connects to my iPhone as a charger but adds no percentage to the total charge, allowing my phone to run out of battery just sitting on the wireless charger.  Very disappointing.
I really liked this charger unfortunately it stopped working within a year. Disappointing.
Its ok
Works but only if you dont have a case on your phone
So i was very careful to buy everything needed to make sure you could fast charge your phone.  My phone is capable, the wall adapter is as well, so in theory it should have easily went as planned.  It seems to take a normal amount of time to charge though so im not really sure if this works with fast charging phones.  Still charges it fine though so overall id say its a good buy.
I had ordered two of these, one works alright, but the other stopped working in just over a month of only being used once or twice a week. Dont waste your money, just buy the OEM charger
Its is very slow
The charger is much smaller than I imagined, about 1/3rd the width of my phone. It doesnt really charge through my case...and my case is minimalist. If I remove the case...charging is decent, but nothing to write home about. All in all, functional for cheap, but there are better options. I usually like Anker, but they failed me here. 3 stars A minor complaint, its a micro USB plug for USB-C phones. I dont know why this bothered me, but it did.
Stopped working after 4 months :(
It does seem to charge quickly; however, if your phone has any notifications set to vibrate and you’re away from your phone, or otherwise occupied getting ready or even sleeping, your phone will slide off this wireless charger. It has poor grip and you will be sorely disappointed to find that your phone was not charged the entire time when you need to quickly leave with it.
Ive had this charger for about a week now and my general thoughts on it is that it is a bad buy. This doesnt fast charge at all on a LG G6. The sweet spot is very small and often times youll look at the phone that was charging a minute ago and find that its not charging at all. At no time has it ever Fast Charged on any phone that Ive used it with. Samsung S8? No. LG G6? No. Google Pixel 2XL? No. Googles Nexus 5? No (though technically it isnt capable of true fast charging it will fast charge at 2.1 amps with a cable). The cable it comes with is much too short. A minimum 3 foot cable should be standard and a 6 foot cable would be ideal as most use this to conveniently charge by there bed. Well a short cable isnt likely to reach the power outlet so factory chord it comes with is basically useless for the charger. While the cable is decent it just too short and not a chord that is known for Anker. Im seriously wondering whether the chord is actually capable of fast charging at all! So in short, until they correct these issues with this product I couldnt even half heartedly recommend this product.
Slow as all hell, left phone on the charger for 5 hours and it charged it to 15%  waste of money.
Have a new galaxy S10.  Left the phone to charge over night.  When I put the phone on the charger, it confirmed the charge without issue.  When I woke up this morning, the phone had less battery power than it did the night before so it didnt charge the phone at all.  Very disappointed!!
I purchased this item and tested it with several different plugs from various companies: 1. For the Samsung Note 8, it charges slower than the Samsung brand I have.  Phone also heats up while charging. 2. For iPhone XS Plus and XR, it dose not charge any faster than using the OEM lighting cable and plug which came with the phones. I purchased two so I doubt both are defective.  Again I also purchased several required voltage plug from different brands but all the same results. In conclusion, if you want a wireless fast charger for Samsung phones, I recommend going with Samsung.  For iPhones, Belkin was the one I ended up going with which also included the AC adapter.
Not thrilled with this. Hard to get phone in just the right spot for charging to start. Gets very warm when charging. I like that the border light does turn off after a few minutes. That and that it functions are the only reason I use it. I would recommend you keep looking rather than buy this version.
This worked well until it started to get harder and harder to position my iPhone X on the pad to get it to hook up and start charging. Eventually I had to remove my case (a very thin cheap case). Then it wouldnt even charge my phone uncovered. Tried switching cables, power sources, even tried friends phones to see if they could make it work. Nope. This thing is dead in a few months.
I bought 2 of these and they both stopped charging within a year. Poor quality. Anker is usually better than this.
Stopped working within 6 months of light use. Blue light is annoying and sometimes hard to get phone in right position to charge. Would not recommend or buy again
When I first got the wireless charger about a year ago, I was excited to be able to lay my phone down and have it charge without plugging in cables. There were a few hiccups like making sure it was placed correctly, etc. I liked the LED indicators to let me know the device was powered and charging, and also let me know when it wasnt working. Something must have happened with my mishandling of the device at some point (packing it for travel, etc.) that led to the USB port to lose a stable connection with the inductor inside the device, because if I didnt position the USB connector a "certain way" then it wouldnt power on. Some days I would wake up to my iPhone being at 25% and having to fast charge it before work. Please consider getting one of the newer models, which so far seems to have a higher build quality. Because my device stopped working, Anker replaced it for free with zero hassle.
charging works sometimes....not reliable
Using it with the fast charger that came with my galaxy s6, does not charge fast... tbh, I dont know if you can fast charge wirelessly. Also, you need to make sure your phone is on it correctly, or it wont work. Bought 3, and none of them are being used
You couldn’t give us a power bank ugh ! ,and the thing is so small that i can se the light that indicates that is charging and is sllow as I thought
junk, unreliable charge of my iPhone 8.
Have always had success with all my Anker products. This turns out to be a dud!! Worked great out the box, then maybe once or twice a week now nothing at all. Product is useless to me does not work at all, hopefully I just got a defective one. Will attempt to contact seller and see if customer service takes care of its regular customers. Stay tuned will give update in 3-5 business days.. Customer service does not return my calls or emails
Takes too long to charge iPhone 8plus. All night charging would only bring me to 25% - is been more than 30days therefore can’t return. Went back to using the wire.
After 3 and a half months, my charger stopped working. I do not recommend this product.
Awesome concept but it took forever to charge a phone and completely stopped working in less than a month.
Doesn’t charge my phone! I want a refund!
Charger works as advertised assuming you put it in the correct spot.. the issue (I think) is the phone moves if left for a long period such as overnight.  The surface is pretty slick and allows my iPhone to move and turn very easily.  I think the vibrations from notifications cause the phone to move so much that the coils dont line up correctly.  This is actually worse than it sounds because it can actually causes repeated connection and disconnection that actually drains the battery much quicker than just sitting on a table.  Certain cases may make this better but I dont use a case and its a real problem.  Im going to try to put a non slip pad on the charger to see if that helps but ultimately its a design flaw.
Stopped working abruptly. It’s like paused.
This has been the most frustrating charger I have owned. It doesnt keep a steady charge on my iphone 8 and it continuously makes a charge sound indication as it goes on and off incessantly. Even if I stand there and hold the phone right in the middle it will not charge quickly. Complete waste of my money. Do not buy this.
For charging iPhone 8, was pitiful. I would leave it on the charger 20-30 mins and come back to same battery or +/- 1%. It’s not my phone battery- normal charging cord gains 1% every couple minutes at minimum.
The product was great while it worked, but stopped about a month ago. I think there is a problem with the connection port. Worked well for a couple of months then worked intermittently, then just stopped.
It worked great for a while, then the fast charging feature quit working. It still will charge my phone, but it just does so over 3 hours.
I usually dont leave negative reviews, but what good does it do you if you have to take it out of the case to charge? Id understand if I had a huge case on it like an OB Defender, but my case is thin plastic/silicone. A wireless charger is strictly a convenience item. If I have to take my phone out of the case, it removes the convenience aspect of the product. Definitely not up to Ankers usual standards in my opinion. So Id advise a hard pass on this charger.
EDIT: Anker has great customer service. They contacted me based on the original review and offered me a better model without charge, and Im happy with it. I wanted to like this as most Anker products are awesome; and I still have their prior model charger but on this one, the iPhone (XS Plus), which is yes glossy on the back, kept sliding off or not staying on the base. Unless I just got a bad version of it.
Every few nights, the charger doesn’t work. I am very careful to place the phone on the charger in the center and make sure the blue lights turn on. This is supposed to indicate the phone is charging. Yet for some reason the charger stops some nights and I wake up to a nearly dead phone. Frustrating!
At first I thought it was my old phone that wouldnt charge,  but nope. Not even my new phone will charge at a reasonable time. It takes hours!
Well I got this wireless charger on a deal of the day - glad I did as for the price it only comes with a crappy micro-usb wire and the charger seems to not work well (not fast charging even with a fast charge wall outlet) Also the lights go off soon after the phone is on the charger. Other base chargers I had, lights were continuously on with an indication of a full charge with green light. ( lemon?) Like the fact, super thin for travel. Ill update as I continue to use.
Not work for me
I assumed this wouldnt rapid charger, but after reading a particular review which stated that he had luck getting rapid charge working on a pixel phone by replacing the included cable with a rapid-charge USB-C one made by Anker along with an Anker rapid charge A/C adaptor, I figured Id give it a shot. I had no luck however, not only did it not rapid charge, but it couldnt even normal charge and provided the "charging slowly" message which on wireless amounts to an 8 hour charge which is essentially pointless unless you only charge during sleep time. Furthermore the included cable and port is actually not USB-C which isnt mentioned anywhere in the description which is a bit misleading... its old school USB. If you have a pixel, dont waster your time, just go with the official google wireless charger at $60, which isnt that much more than this charger plus an AC adaptor and USB cable (~$45).
Charger completely quit working randomly after a few months of use. It was not exposed to water, no pins were bent on the micro USB port, it just plain quit out of nowhere.
I expected more. I have used Anker products before but I was let down. It charges very slowly and sometimes it won’t charge. I wish I could return but i threw out it’s packaging.
Loved it at first but it stoped working right after the third or fourth charge. I feel sad for the waist of money and for not having bought other products instead.
Stopped working after one month. Charger input loose
Terrible product. Phone will vibrate off the charger and even though it says it’s charging, my battery percentage actually goes down!
Works with Otterbox Symmetry case. Gets really hot...a bit concerning as I dont want my phone to cook. However, it does charge fast.
Upset that it was having problems charging at the same speed as before after just 2 months. It started out a good quality product and even charged through a rather thick case and then a month past the return window it was charging snail slow and I have no idea why. I contacted Anker thinking they had good customer service but rather, they had non-existent customer service because I never received a response from the manufacturer. Due to this mainly, Im unhappy with Anker as a whole and this product.
what seems to be happening that I dont like is that the magnetic force between my Iphone X and the charger seems to push it off somehow and it stops charging and according to the specifications it should charge within 35 min (I have the 3.0 wall charger too) but it wont stay on it and if I leave the case on it the charge seems like it takes all day, so I have yet to properly use this product to its potential.... I will try to update when I can figure this out
Product works great at first but within weeks loses it reliability. Inconsistent Product.
Just quit working after a month...It did the job at first.
Very disappointed in how long my iPhone took to charge.
Worked great when I got it on 1/25/2019 but by today (3/6/2019) it hardly works. It changes for MAYBE 20 minutes then stops. So then I have to unplug it, fiddle around with it and plug it back in so that I can’t get another 20 minutes out of it. Frustrating.
I loved this wireless charger. Would take all night to fully charge my iPhone x but loved the convenience. Months later this wireless charger no longer works. Place the phone on the charger, wake up and the battery my phone battery is dead or less than what it was. Reviews on Amazon stated the same thing but thought what I would buy would be the exception
I bought two, one works, mostly, the other lasted only a few days.  I hope others have a better experience with this product.
First of all, I expected more heavier material.Its very light and average durable. Charges ok
I bought this as an extra charger and have been very disappointed with the functionality of the product.  I find it to be "touchy/sensitive", and not a strong charger.  I only used it for my iPhone, and now it collects dust.
It does charge and it charges quickly. I have to place my Galaxy S9+ almost perfectly to get it to charge. The S4 was a little less picky
There were two things about this charger I didn’t like. First, the connectors between the charger and the power cord were  a very poor fit.  I felt like the first connection was like putting the wrong cord into the connector (and NO, I did not try to put the connector in upside down). Secondly, when my phone was on the charger I could not find a position where the charger would work continuously with the phone in it’s Otterbox Commuter cover.  It would charge for a few seconds, the turn off, then maybe turn on again in a few seconds or a minute, and of course the phone keep chiming to tell me the charging was intermittent. I wasn’t keen on the idea that the charger didn’t come with a wall plug — but that was disclosed in the advertising info. Still, it’s not worth wasting my time on a charger that doesn’t know when it wants to charge.
I bought this in March and it worked great through the summer but started to not always work about a month ago.  Now it wont charge at all.  So if you dont mind it only working for 8 months, its not a bad deal.  I was hoping to get more life out of it though. :(
Phone seems to be repelled of the charger.  When I set my iPhone XS Max on this charger without a case on it.  Once it starts charging it starts slowly spinning until it pushes off of the charger.
Good idea , but doesnt actually charge much very very slow
I have alot of Anker products, and i really expected better from Anker. The Anker name is why i chose this Charger.  It seems to be very picky and random as to where i have to place the phone to get it to charge, and i use a brand new Note 9 with no case on it. It works good when it works, but i bought a wireless charger for convenience, and playing around with placement of the phone and worrying if its charging or not is not convenient.
Wish it changed faster.
If you dont have this in the exact perfect spot it will not charge, you also have to set the phone on and off several times before it even recognizes that you are trying to charge the phone.  I bought this because it would be convenient, it is anything but..... you have to mess with this to get it to work, its so much easier to just plug the cord into the phone.  Im sending it back.
I’ve been using this overnight, as it typically seems to take longer than traditional charging. However, every night for the past week it has charged my phone to 68% from ~20 to 15%. It seems to stop working before a full charge every evening. Pretty disappointed to be honest, everyone seems to enjoy it otherwise.
It’s not working...
No charging through the case + popsocket, and incredibly slow charging without. My s9+ charges at minimum 5 times faster  on a cable than on this charger.
This item was delivered promptly & appears new, but it charges only sporadically & doesnt give a fast charge under any circumstances. ***After I wrote this review, the seller contacted me directly & ended up sending me a replacement.  They were very courteous & the replacement was received very quickly.  The replacement is a completely different product, and it charges quickly.  So while it was a pain in the ass to not get a good product right off the bat, the replacement product does the job.
It doesnt quick charge my galaxy s8 but it does work but not fast charge. That was a bummer.
It only lasted 3 months. It stopped working properly after 3 months.  I dont recommend this product.
I purchased this wireless charger about 6 months ago for my Samsung Galaxy S8 and Im not satisfied with the so called "fast charging". It says fast charging wirelessly on my phone but it actually charges slow. Ive used different fast charging plugs and cables but shows no difference. Im better off charging my phone with the original fast charge cable that was included with my phone.
Charge rate was decent until unit failed 8 months later. Would not buy from Anker again.
I was very excited to get this wireless charger for my new iPhone. However, when the package arrived, it looked like the box has been opened and resealed with a tape. And the charger itself looked used. I’m pretty sure I was purchasing a BRAND NEW product, not a USED one. I am extremely disappointed and will return this for sure!
This was my first try with a wireless charger. I have always been skeptical, due to hearing stories from other people about issues with wireless chargers.  Sad to say Im in the same boat.  This one just blinks at me and never charges my iPhone 8 Plus.
I have many Anker products and I am very satisfied with them.  For some reason this charger connects and makes a very high pitch noise the can not be ignored.
I bought this to make it easier to charge my phone. Instead, I found it difficult to find the small sweet spot where the phone would charge.
Broke after less than 2 months!! I tossed it.
This works mostly well. You have to fiddle with the position of your phone to get it to charge which is a little annoying. If you aren’t paying attention, it may not be charging at all. You just have to be conscious.
Ive had this charger for a little over a week now. I love it but its just now starting to have issues with it not wanting to charge my phone. Pretty bummed its not working that well anymore:/
it ok charge kind slow than hook up with regular USB cable
I bought 2 of these chargers for my new iPhone. The first one failed after about a week. The second one failed within 6 weeks. Dont waste your money!
Very disappointed in this product! Supposed to be fast charging,  its not. Left my phone on charger for hours still not fully charged. Only used a few times for this reason then threw it in the trash cause thats what it is!
The cord that it comes with is super flimsy, this is definitely not a fast charger, and I can not get it to stop flashing even though nothing is obstructing the charge field.
Sometimes it connects, and sometimes it doesnt.
Good item. Charges the phone. Only complaint is that on the iPhone 8 Plus with no case on it tends to move slightly and unless you keep an eye on it wont charge because it slides off the best position for charging.  That is due to the glass backing of the phone.
My husband and I bought two of these. We were excited to finally have wireless chargers. We werent excited for long. They did not work well at all and after a couple of days stopped completely. The plug that goes into the wall outlet is very large and heavy. It does not want to stay in the outlet and easily falls out. We tried several outlets and it was the case in all of them. You had to be very careful in placing it. You need to have the charger already plugged in at the other end and placed where you want it before plugging into wall outlet. If not, and you manage to get the plug to stay in the outlet, as soon as you plug the other end into the charger and move it in anyway the plug will fall out of the outlet. That is the first problem.  Secondly, the few times we did get it to work, it would charge for a few minutes then stop randomly. We would check. Sure enough our phones werent charging. We would pick our phone up have to sit it down on the wireless charger several times before getting it to start  charging  again. And it would repeat the same behavior after a few moments.  Eventually, they both stopped working all together and this was all within a week of having them. We thought maybe it was our outlets, so my husband took it to work with him, same results. We made a rookie mistake and tossed the boxes they came in when they arrived. So we didnt think we could return them. We were so frustrated we through them away. This is not what we expected from Anker. We used to buy extended phone batteries from them that worked wonderfully. We were extremely disappointed with these and would not recommend purchasing them.
I sent mine back because I went to bed with my phone at 64% charge and when I got up in the morning it still needed charging.
First it is not a fast charger. Took about a day to charge my Samsung S7. It interrupted the charge several times and it was necessary to reposition the phone. You have to find the right position (moving it up or down) to place it on the pad to start charging. It doesnt accept any position.
I got a defective item! It only charging my iPhone for about 5’ then stop charging! I thought Anker was a reputable brand, so disappointed!
Used it for charging iPhoneX and it stopped working after only 6 months!
This review is for the "Anker 10W Wireless Charger, Qi-Certified Wireless Charging Pad". It just stopped charging after 2-3 months.  Then mysteriously started working again.  What the real problem currently is, is that it vibrates itself off the charging pad at night due to notifications, etc.
Not that fast charging for my iPhone when I leave it for too long the phone warms up too much.
I thought anker was one of good third party product manufacturer. However, this wireless pad didn’t last more than 3 months. Usb port went bad internally, have to hold onto the pin at a certain position for it to work. It seems anker’s quality control has gone down, their products are usually very good. Now hoping their manufacturer warranty covers this.
I had I think 30 days to return it if I didn’t like it....the day after it quit working...I would NOT recommend this product.
Does not quick charge Google pixel 3xl. Tried charging with and without case with no change. Also bought the 18w USB by anker.
Very slow to charge
I was looking for a type c connection
This charger overheats and it chargers pretty slow. I wouldn’t recommend.
At first, I really loved this product. I have had it for a few months and it stopped working. I’ve tried changing usb cords and charging bricks, but determined it was the charging pad itself. Really disappointed as I have no had it that long.
Update: Anker contacted me and offered to replace the defective units. They do have great customer service. Original review:  I bought two of these 3 1/2 months ago and loved how well they worked when new. I left one in a hotel somewhere and now the other one has a short where the mini usb plug is on the side. I tried two different cords and the short is on the Anker side. I have to wiggle the plug to make it work and sometimes it charges and sometimes I wake up in the morning with a dead phone.
Charger only worked for about 1 month. In that month it would barely charge the phones.
Set you phone down, lights turn blue...., "Oh, Im good to go"... *wakes up to dead phone*. This happens consistently and the final straw was when it happened before a long day of traveling.  I have probably 10 other anker products that I love, but this aint it. Buy something else.
didnt use it because  you need to take off the case before charging so it make it difficult
I love Anker products they have been my first choice for every charging need, lighting cables, car charger, wall chargers. I’m even hesitant in leaving a bad review but after a few days it seems like this wireless charger is not what I expected. I do have the anker stand wireless charger which charges very fast for being a 7.5w but with this being a 10w wireless charger it feels like it barely even charges after leaving it for a few hours. I’m actually disappointed I threw out the packaging because I was confident I’d have another great anker product. Even tried android devices to be sure and it’s slow charging.
Stopped working after 3 months
Today is already not the first time that I wake up with my iPhone out of battery by using this wireless charger. Every time, you need to make sure that the blue LED indicator lights are on after you settle the phone. Only putting the phone on this charger is NOT enough, but you need to position the phone carefully. Otherwise, the charger may not be charging the phone at all. This is quite annoying.
It doesn’t charge anymore after few times using
The only way I’m able to get my phone to charge with this is if I take my phone completely out of its case...which then defeats the purpose of having a case. My phone also slides off of the charging area way too easily, with or without its case
It is charging my iPhone X very slowly. 3% within 30 minutes. No case on it so that’s not the problem.
Stopped working after a day.  Junk.
I love how thin this charge is but sadly it doesnt keep the phone on! If somebody texts you and your phone vibrate expect the phone to slide off the charger pad! Surprised because the material looked rugged enough to prevent that but it failed to keep iPhone 8. If the phone doesnt move, the charging speed is actually isnt bad. It also has an LED ring around it that lights in blue when you first drop a phone on the pad.
Broke within a week of using the device. The port no longer works or charges. Not eligible for return.
This thing is garbage. Only charges my s8 active once out of five times. The rate is slow, but that is the be expected with wireless. The fact I drop it on, check it is charging, go to sleep, and wake up with a dead phone is bs. Getting sick of Anker products.
I got this charger as a gift. I had wanted a wireless charger for my desk at work. It started out working great, but after a few months it stopped working. For about 2 weeks it just didnt charge my phone. I didnt get a new case or anything like that, and I tried unplugging it and plugging it back in, plugging it into a new outlet, etc. Then it started working again randomly. I figured maybe the first time I had done something wrong on my end and was happy that it started working again. However, after about a month, it stopped working again. Its been about a week and still nothing. I like the look and feel of this charger (the blue lights on the bottom are a nice touch), but I cant give it more than 2 stars if it doesnt do the one thing its meant to do. Hopefully it starts working again, but if I were you, Id look elsewhere for a wireless charger.
I have a Samsung S8 and other wireless chargers. I bought this one for my office and it simply doesnt work... it never connect to the phone.
This Wireless charger is too small and doesnt always charge my IPhone X. It lights up when placed on the pad but every now and then it doesnt charge the phone. Buy one that is bigger or one that is shaped like a stand
Nice material in term of quality, but its size very small, iphone xs & xs plus can’t linked with a charging easily, it needs some movement or adjustments to linked and start charging !
Didn’t work left my XS Max on it for hours and it never charged it.  Returned it immediately after that
This is of poor quality. Only got to use for a month, and it won’t work anymore. What a disappointment! I had high hopes, but unfortunately...
This charger is advertised as a fast charger for Samsung S9 and S9+.  It will not fast charge either my Samsung S9+ or S7 edge, either with or without a case.  Ive had problems with other Anker products in the past, and will no longer purchase anything from them.
I bought this a few months ago to wirelessly charge my Samsung Galaxy S8 at night. It worked well for 3 months, but now when I wake up the phone isnt charged at a (writing this at 10:00am at 2% battery). I think I got a defective piece. Hopefully Anker replaces this, because all the other products I own from them (like their portal battery pack, charging wires) work great.
I inititially really enjoyed using the wireless charger at work so I could use my headphones while it charged. It was slower to charge than a plug in charger but otherwise worked very well, however, the charger suddenly stopped working. I’m disappointed because I have enjoyed anger products and really appreciated this little device
This charger is terrible. Can’t use it through a phone case (WHO DOESN’T USE A PHONE CASE?) and even when it’s charging, it takes forever.
I bought this a while back and for maybe 2 months this was great. But after that, it failed to work. I even missed work one day because it didnt charge, phone battery died and so my alarm didnt go off. When it did work, it was ok. I tried this every couple of months with different phones, but its the unit that is bad (case or no case), not the phones.
Works fine But the charging is slow In my opinion
The product has great potential, but when I leave it on the charger overnight I wake up in the morning and see the the phone has slid off the charger almost completely. I don’t have any vibration settings on so it’s causing some frustration.
I bought this because I read reviews that it fast charges the Galaxy S6. Is does not charge my Galaxy S6. It has to stay on this wireless charger for hours before my phone is completely charged. So I purchased a wireless Anker charger to take on the go and I still use my wall charger which is a fast charger.
I loved the item when it first came it. I was impressed with the quality and was excited to buy from Anker. However, after two months of usage, the charger didn’t work anymore. I ended up waiting a week to use it again, and it worked for a while but stopped working after a couple weeks. I’m very disappointed and would like to think I just got a faulty product. It wasn’t the most expensive but had some amazing reviews, so I bought it. I bought a wireless charger from Walmart for $5 and it’s worked longer than this one unfortunately.
Worked well for about 3 months. I purchased late Oct 2018, it is now Jan 2019 and the device is no longer working. This is with minimal usage. So hey if you need a good charger that will only last a few months you can waste your money and go for this.
After having these inconsistencies in charging,  the vendor was so gracious and provided a second unit which was a 10 watt unit. This product also at first appeared to be the perfect choice for wireless charging. However, it too now appears to be very inconsistent in charging from 15% 47% to 100%. When you think you have a 100% charge over night and you only have 15%. In addition, very difficult to make the wireless connection on the charger.
I bought this and the fast charger outlet plug, and it charges my iphone Xs at roughly 1% every 5 minutes. very dissatisfied. i’m going back to a plug in.
Charge is SLOW; need to make sure it’s positioned perfectly or won’t charge. If phones on vibrate and rings while charging it moves out of position and does not charge. Very frustrated.
Looked at the reviews so i purchased! I have to constantly check if its charging because it will disconnect as if you unplugged the cable! and it charges so slow. Bought a 10 watt adapter hoping itd work better and did nothing. Will return. Disappointed with anger since i love the company so much
Stopped working
Didnt work for my cell phone.
Makes a buzzing sound when charging, it is quiet but annoying when you are trying to sleep
It is tough to get your phone to lay on it properly.  Mine stopped working about a month after I got it and I am not toally sure why.
As the title goes, the charger itself is small and low-key, so it wont make any noticeable clutter. However, one minor gripe is the length of the cable itself. It is only ~3 ft, and cant reach any nightstands or desks unless there is an outlet directly there. Overall it is a nice product, and I would definitely recommend Anker to anyone on the fence about buying from them.
Got this charger for our Droid Turbos... It does not work with our cases, and then when it does work, it will charge for a few minutes and then stop.  If I leave a phone on it overnight it drains the charge. Sorry Anker, between this and your cords I believe we have to break up.
The product works but sometimes takes some fidgeting to read your phone. That includes unplugging and plugging back in. It takes fairly long to charge as compared to a regular cord as well. Its still nice though. I wish the cord that plugged it in was a little bit longer
It didn’t work on either of our iPhones. Total waste of money.
As soon as I got it out of the box I plugged it in and it’s flashes blue constantly, apparently that means it is malfunctioning and I can’t fix it. So I am stuck with a useless charger, would suggest investing in a more expensive wireless charger
Thought it would charge iPhone X fast, but its slow may be an Apple thing nothing to do with Anker.
Junk
This wireless charger worked great at first. But now, just 7 months later, its dead. Over the last month, I started having to make multiple attempts to position the phone just right for the wireless charger to start working. Then twice in the last week, my Galaxy S7 Edge notified me that the phones temperature was too hot and that it was going to turn off the wireless charging. I had never received this notification before, after owning this phone for 2+ years. Im glad my phone had this feature, otherwise it might have just exploded from the heat due to this wireless charger. And, finally, the USB port on the charger became loose and so I could not keep the charger powered on. At least I can still use the USB cord that came with it to charge my phone, so I guess thats something.
Rather not
This review isnt going to complain about charging times.  I pu my phone on a wireless charger on my nightstand before I go to bed, so whether it charges in 2 hours or 6 hours really doesnt matter to me.  Like most people, I have the bad habit of using my phone in bed right before sleeping, so all I want to do is put it down and be done with it. The problem I have with this charging pad is that putting my phone on it to charge takes too much fiddling around with it.  If its not exactly centered, the charger doesnt work.  I cant just reach over in my half-asleep state and mindlessly put it on the charger and expect it to work.  I have to shift the phone around to get it centered on the pad exactly, then watch for the blue light to start pulsing to be sure its charging.  My 7 year-old no-name charging pad that this replaced wasnt this finicky.  It was a rectangular shape just bigger than a 5" phone, so all I had to do was make sure the phone was entirely on the charger and it would work every time.  Since this thing is a square thats smaller than the phone, its not as easy to make sure the placement is right. Ive woken up to an uncharged phone a few times over the past few months where I swear I had it on the pad, but obviously I was wrong.  I wish I would have returned this charger when I had the chance and gotten a stand-style charging pad or a full-sized rectangular charging pad again.
This charging pad is terrible if you have a large phone. If the phone isnt on it in exactly the right way it wont charge. Even if you get it in the right location, your phone is only going to slip off.  However with a smaller phone, the pad covers more surface area of the phone, minimizing slip. I would not recommend this if you have a large phone spend the extra money and get a product that is more designed for your phone, but if you have a smaller, or regular sized phone this should work. With that said, they have amazing costume service. My return was taken emidietly, and they offered to send me a new model for free.
Seems effective enough, charges at a reasonable rate, until the micro USB port began to die.  Now the connection will break randomly and inconsistently charge my phone.  They should have used a USB C port or something more durable. *UPDATE* I tore the device apart and found that the soldering on either side of the MicroUSB port had failed, leaving the port bending at the pins.  The ground pin still seemed fine so Im not sure exactly why connectivity also failed, but apparently the construction here could use some improvement.
Loved this item at first.  so fast - so easy.  Ive had it 7 months and its dead. tried several different cords - 3 different outlets and nothing. its dead.  very disappointed.
I bought this after purchasing an iPhone XS in order to charge my phone more conveniently overnight. However, Ive had issues with the charge speed. Some days I would wake up with my phone not being fully charged despite being on the pad for at least 6 hours. Not sure if its a faulty pad but I may just need to charge for longer.
Cannot connect with the chord that was included with wireless charger base.  Too big to fit in charger base.  Cannot use.
No good. The charging port is weak.
Had this for 5 months. It has been unable to charge my phone for the past two weeks. I would recommend shelling out a few extra bucks for a wireless charger that won’t die on you in less than half a year.
Stopped working after 7 months, unfortunately. Otherwise, Looks great, love the lights, works well. Used it for my iPhone 8 primarily. Despite the 5 w charging for iPhones, it still charged it plenty quickly.
My girlfriend bought me this and I was excited because Anker makes some great chargers/power banks/charging cables and etc. But my phone is barely charging which is weird and it keeps sliding off! I love the company but DO NOT BUY THIS please look for something somewhere else. P.S. if youre reading this in January 19 2019 the samsungs wireless charger is $20 on sale for a couple more hours. Get it quick!
Avoid at all costs. This charger worked for 20 days after Christmas and now it does not work at All.
Poor functioning and erratic
The connector broke after a few uses
***Upadate 1/19/19*** Even though i cannot change my rating of the product, i must say that Ankers customer service gets 5 Stars. Just hours after writing this review, Emma from Anker, emailed me regarding my disappointment with the Charging Pad. She immediately wanted to make things right, even going so far as to say that, "Its unfair that the customer has to keep the product that does not work correctly". Emma offered, happily, to replace this charging pad with their newest 10W PowerWave Charging Pad! Its not heard of much now a days, that a company will attempt to make things right because of a faulty product (believe me, ive owned Xboxs that shouldve easily been replaced by Microsoft). So even though i had an unfortunate experience with this particular charger, ive in turn been blown away by how much Anker cares about their product and customers. In this review, i mention that i own several products made by them, and thats because they really are excellent quality items. I know that i got a faulty charger. They know that i got a faulty charger. Im grateful to them for making things right and they hit a home run with me. Ill continue buying their products because theyre a classy company that can be trusted and who listen to their customers. As much i really enjoy Anker products, this charger has been kind of a bummer. In Ankers defense, there isnt one reputable company on Amazon that has more than 3 1/2 star reviews for Qi/wireless charging pads. Heres my issue… I bought it for my wife for Christmas 2017. Shes had it for over a year now, which by charging pad standards, has already lived longer than average. However, from the get go, it hasnt performed the way wed hoped. Shes had issues with keeping it perfectly centered on the pad. If its not centered perfectly, itll blink those bright blue lights non-stop. Sometimes when her phone has been on it for several minutes, itll just start randomly blinking. Very annoying and also why this thing stays out of the bedroom at night. Those lights would drive me crazy! I recommend Anker tone that lighting way down or even put just one small light on the pad that doesnt blink. The charger IS supposed to blink, but not randomly. I believe its supposed to do that on initial contact, then again when your phone is fully charged. For me, thats still way too much. Also, i had to purchase a 3.0 usb plug for it. It will not support anything else. DO NOT use an Apple iPhone wall plug for this. Manufacturers recommend things for a reason. At this point, Anker does have a couple of newer versions, so id be interested in seeing how far theyve come. Pros: -Slim/Low profile -Does its job when working properly Cons: -Annoying blinking lights -Slippery surface -Inconsistant Charge -Needs to be perfectly centered
This does charge my new apple iPhone xrs, but it’s mediocre as far as speed. Any cable I own charges in half the time. Does not include a cable, requires a usb cable, not a lightning connection. It works, but not quite as well as I had expected.
Bought in March, no longer working in October.  Never moved from the table it was on, just stopped working. Tried moving it, plugging into a different plug, nothing. Crappy product.
This charger completely broke on me and I hardly even used it. The micro USB portion is completely defective and not functional whatsoever. What a waste of my money. Very disappointed since I read such great reviews about this wireless charger. Returning!
Unfortunately this product has proven to be very unreliable. Charging my iPhone X (without a case) intermittently.
I bought two of these to charge my our cell phones without the hassle of the cord. This charger is very slow which is fine for an overnight charge.  Some times is blinks in the night randomly so beware... every once in awhile I wake up and my phone has not charged.  Super annoying.
This will not charge my iPhone completely. 60-70 percent and then shuts down.
Stupid they don’t include a wall adapter.... I’m sure it’s so they can show a cheap price because the adapter will set you back another $15!!
I bought this 10W for my iphone x’s max, it didn’t work, but they reached out to me and offered a product replacement. i agreed and a few days later my new one came in. however, it was only a 7.5W charger! not trying to complain TOO much because they did try to make it right, however i’d rather have the product i ordered. The 10W was smaller, and the replacement is much larger.
Super slow charger. I switched this out with regular iPad plug (12v) which charges much faster and is more efficient
Wrong one
Not working
This is a horrible charger... phone don’t stay on it and it doesn’t charge. My phone was on it all night and only charged 20%♀
Stops working over time
It broke
I thought this would be great and it was for a few uses but then stopped working. I don’t know how many times it was used and it worked for the short time that it worked but shortly stopped working. I would not buy this again unless I just got a “bad one” or something.
Worked from July 2018 to January 2019. Shocked me and then promptly stopped charging my phone.
Usless!
The ring around the charger came off out of the box. It worked fine for first couple of days then had to have phone positioned exactly or would not charge phone.
This worked perfect for awhile. I bought 2 because of how much I liked it, but now both barely work. I can’t get my phone to charge as easily. I have to set my phone just so now on the charger and even then it’s no guarantee it will charge. The light on the charger lights up randomly too even without my phone on it. I was super happy with this purchase and now I’m pretty disappointed. Back to plugging in my phone I go.
This product is a real disappointment, mainly in two ways: - Phone slides off slowly -- I dont have a case for my iPhone X or my iPhone 8. I place the phone on the charger, and then after some time I come back and the phone has slid off the side of the charger (both the X and 8 do this). It must happen so slowly that you cant see it actually sliding. The charger is on a perfectly flat nightstand, and even when carefully placing the phone centered on the pad, half the time I come back and it has slowly worked its way off. My old Anker charging pad didnt have this problem. Not sure why this one does. - Charging pad is too small -- Unfortunately the size of the pad is too small to be practical. Its most impractical when using as a charging pad on a night stand. For instance, when lying in bed with the lights off, its very difficult to place the phone in the sweet spot to make it charge (and also not slide off!). My old Anker charging pad was a bit bigger. Ultimately I would not recommend this charger.
The charger works when my phone stays in place but it always seems to slide off. iPhone 8 so the back is glass, slim case that I have to remove to charge. 20 minutes after putting it in place I go back to look and the phone has slid out of place so it’s no longer charging. 2% more charged in all that time because it moved out of place. Tried it on my bedside table and my desk and the same thing happened. These surfaces likely aren’t at a perfectly straight plane but they’re not slanted in any way the naked eye could perceive. I have some stickers designed to put on rulers for cutting fabric to stop slipping. I’ll try those to stop the movement, and if it doesn’t work or interferes with the charging I’ll be returning this product.
Would be nice if my iphone 8 would not slide off after a couple of minutes of me setting it on the charger. Anker charging surface not flat
I liked the thinness of this charger, and the larger surface area. It connects quickly, charges fast, and the leds turn off quickly so it’s good for use in a bedroom. I had to return it, however, because the grippy coating on the top isn’t really grippy at all. It’s more like a soft felt than a grip texture. My phone kept sliding around on it, resulting in a couple drops off the night stand. That just doesn’t work for me, so had to send it back. If they improved the grip texture on the top, I’d buy this again and I’d buy one for my travel bag as well.
worked 30 days then it dies. will not work order another same story...
I used this charger almost daily and after 6 months, it just randomly stopped working.
I was expecting this to be a great product, however that is not true. I immediately noticed problems with my phone staying on the charging pad. Last night, my brand new iPhone XS Max fell off of the charger and on to the floor where it cracked. Please add some kind of feature that prevents phones from slipping. Now i have to pay for a new screen!
Poor quality. Stopped charging after 1 month
Didnt work for me but I’m excited for it too when it develops some!
Ive had this for a couple of weeks now. I got this charger to work only once, and even that was a struggle. The one time it worked, it worked well. Since that time, I have tried multiple times to charge my phone with no luck. I have bought a couple of Anker products in the past ans was extremely satisfied with each item. This particular item is garbage. It will be going back.
Died 3 months after end of warranty.
Cheap soldering and only worked for a few days, I tried re soldering it but again broke in another few days. I highly recommend a slightly more expensive wireless charger.
TRASH had it replaced for more TRASH
This product is the slowest charging thing in the entire world. Not to mention it won’t always charge with a case on.
This thing has an improperly aligned Micro USB port, and I cant get it replaced because I dont have the box anymore. A lot of my other Anker products broke on me around this time as well, so, Ive decided Im not going to buy Ankers products anymore.
I was hoping I could use an induction charger for an Anker batter pack.  My Timbuk2 bag has a series of small inner pockets.  The battery fit perfectly in one, and there were two other pockets in front of it.  I thought I had a genius idea of sliding the induction charger into the middle pocket, then, I could put my phone in the next pocket to charge!  Nope.  Theres enough room in each pocket for the charging pad and phone to move about 1 cm left or right, and thats just enough to break the connection.  I tried safety pinning the pockets to eliminate the extra room, but that also didnt work. It works great if the phone and induction pad are stationary, though.
Doesn’t work at all. It is supposed to charge my iphone but doesn’t charge it at all. I’ve tried everything. Total piece of junk. The worst is that I contacted this company for a return and they wouldn’t let me return it onlyTHREE DAYS after receiving it. Save your money and buy a competitor’s, even if it costs a bit more you’ll end up with something that at least works.
Unable to make good secession as the product did not work on my apple 8 smart phone sorry
I really loved this charger but about a week ago it stopped working.. out of nowhere I set my phone down to charge at night and the lights just kept blinking continuously and it wouldn’t charge.. I tried plugging it in somewhere else in my room and it immediately started blinking continuously. Before this it was working perfectly, just upset it didn’t last long.
Would love to leave a review but cant use it out of the box since it doesnt come with adaptor (which you can find if you zoom in 1,000% on the product photos or read the fine print) I absolutely hate this tactic – "dont use Apple Charger or plug into computers USB" - so you HAVE to buy theirs. Not buying the adaptor, not keeping the charging pad.
I’ve purchased Anker products before & have been thoroughly impressed. However this product is an absolute mess. The lights don’t light up when charging & even with my phone directly on the device nothing happens. Completely disappointed with this Anker product.
would not buy again...
No me ahcaido el producto
For some reason, the wireless charger I received, charges my iphone x, extremely slow. It could take more than two hours to do a full-charge.
iPhone 8 slips of easily.  The top material has no grip.  I place an iPhone 8 on it and a short time later it’s of the base due to vibration.
I love being able to wirelessly charge my phone; however, my phone doesnt stay on the charger. Every time I put it on the charger, five minutes later my phone is off to the side and not getting charged. I would not recommend unless you can sit next to it and make sure your phone is charging.
I was so disappointed with this! I thought it was going to be so sick to just be able to set my phone on the little pad to charge. However, it only worked half of the time. A lot of the time it was hard to get my phone to charge initially, and I kept having to move my phone around to get the right positioning. Then Id leave it and come back a few hours later and it would have stopped charging after like 10%. I kept it for a week thinking Id get used to it, but I finally realized it just didnt work at all.
the only problem with this charger is that your phone has to be in juuuust the right spot.
I bought this charger because I love the idea of charging without having to plug in and unplug my phone. It works, but its difficult to use with my Otterbox case. Every time I want to get it to charge, I have to move the phone around until I find the sweet spot. Probably works fine without the case, but its easier to deal with a charging cable than it is to deal with removing an Otterbox case. No problem as far as charging goes, the product itself works fine.
I purchased this few months ago as a secondary wireless charger for my home office use. I mainly use another wireless charger by my bed. Few weeks ago I start to notice it only occasionally charges. At first I thought it was because I only connect it to the Mac monitor and doesnt connect my laptop to the monitor, so it could just be Apples power management settings or something. Yesterday I gave the charger to my sister for her to use and the problem still persists. TLDR; it now only occasionally charges after few months of use
Doesnt last long. This charger never left the house. Wasnt around pets or kids and just broke.
This charging pad works well, but requires fumbling with the phone to get it on the exact right spot for charging. Longer charging pads dont have this problem, so I recommend looking elsewhere.
The item arrived fast and worked great for about a month but It conveniently stopped working a week after the return eligibility date. 
Returned it. Would not charge my iPhone XS with Apple case on it.
Didn’t work to charge my IPhone 8 Plus at all...... Not very happy with this product, which is surprising bc I usually love and rave about Anker products!!! I have cables, wall chargers, portable chargers and much more by Anker. Extremely disappointed by this product!!!
Nice but stopped working about 2 months after using.
The wireless charger worked for a couple of months before it went defective on me. Now, it fails to power on and Ive tried different micro-usb cables to confirm that it is indeed an issue with the pad.
Having used this for several months it’s not the fastest wireless charger but it gets the job done only if you leave your phone to charge on it overnight. If you’re using your phone while charging on this it will barely charge and your battery will still drain
I bought this in February 18 and it died in September 18! I expected more from an Anker product! So they sent me another one in September 18 and this one has died after 8 months!! Cmon for $25 dollars this should last at least a couple of years!!
This item broke after three months.  I’m waiting for a response from Anker, but so far nothing.  I’m hoping they send me a new one
I reviewed this harshly on first glance. Looking at it now...its just slow. Its taking about an hour per 25%. It can barely maintain charge while streaming Spotify, let alone actually charge.
I think I’ll be sending it back. I have been using for about a week and it’s hit or miss on whether it will connect with my phone case on. I have an Otterbox Symmetry case which is not really bulky, so frustrating to wake up and see my phone wasn’t really charging all night. I love my Anker cords and portable battery, but this just isn’t working...
Was originally happy with my purchase until 4 months in the pad completely stopped working. Very disappointed as I’ve been a long time Anker supporter.
It lasted all of 4 months sitting flat on a night stand to charge my S10. Tonight it wont charge. Cable works fine the little charging pad is getting no power. It sits flat on a flat surface and apparently just completely dies in 4 months? My generic no name charging pad at work has lasted longer than this one has.
Bought a different one.... I don’t use this
This is a nice little charger however it doesn’t charge my iPhone 8 very well. I put it on charge last night and woke up to my phone only being charged to 85%. I don’t know if I got a bad one or what, but I purchased 2 of these because it was rated one of the top wireless chargers for iPhone. I may be returning this. I can’t afford not to have my phone charged to 100% for the next day.
When I placed my Galaxy s10 on the charger, I was unable to receive incoming calls. When I I removed it I could. What am I doing wrong???
Worked for a week & then died. Worthless.
Used it twice - the first time it took 3hours to go from 23% to 45%, second time it never charged at all.  Waste of money.
stopped working after about 4 months and no longer charges my phone.
Had it for quite some time now but only used it for a few times as it doesnt work. It will show its charging upon placing the cellphone, but after a few seconds it will just stop charging. Really frustrated, its a waste of money :(
It literally broke in 5 weeks Too late to return it
Did not work for my XR phone. Returned.
NOT a rapid charger without the wall outlet - which is already a rapid charger, why use the pad?
I used this charger for my iPhone 8, and had a difficult time finding the “sweet spot” for charging. I would place my phone on the charger at night and wake up to 17% power. I soon realized I had to manipulate the phone over and over to get it to sync and charge. It was bothersome, but do-able. Now it has completely stopped charging. No amount of movement or increased pressure would get the phone to charge. I’m disappointed.
Phone slowly slides off the charging pad. I have an iPhone 8 Plus and a few minutes after placing the phone on the charger, I came back to find the phone off to the side and not charging. Weird. I put it back in place and the same thing happened after a few minutes. Tried different locations with same result. Charger was on a level surface (bedside table, kitchen counter).
Despite having the 18W Anker plug which WILL rapid charge my phone, using it with this wireless pad does not, despite it claiming to be capable of rapid charging with the 10W. Just be warned, it may only slow charge for you.
This charger is no faster than a common wall charger. I bought a cable from Five Below that charges faster than this.  Its advertised as fast but its not. I ordered a legit Samsung charger for the desired effect of Fast Charging.
Charges but a a normal/slow pace.
Stopped working after one week. Wasn’t the weak cable that came with it either.
Why wouldnt you include the Qualcomm 3.0 wall charger with the wireless charger? Or at least make it an option when purchasing this product? I was under the impression that there would be some kind of wall charger included with the unit, but I was disappointed to find out that this was not the case. I understand that the Qualcomm 3.0 wall charger enables "fast charging" and that this would not be included, but for you guys to not include ANY wall charger doesnt make sense to me, especially if this product, presumably, would be ready to be used right out of the box. Not the case obviously as I need to provide my own wall charger for this device to work. In the future, I would suggest you make it an option to purchase the Qualcomm 3.0 wall charger with the wireless pad as to avoid this issue. It would have made sense to me since the reason why I purchased this product was not only for its wireless capability to charge my phone, but to charge it faster than other wireless chargers on the market. It defeats the purpose to sell a product without all of the necessary accessories included.
This broke within 1 month of using it.
Its been only 2 months. The product failed to charge the phone, its just blinking but not charging
Update..... they contacted me after I left a review and send me a stand instead of the pad to see if that might work better! Angler is a great company! So it still works but not all the time originally I put it on the pad and it would automatically start charging and I bought it back in may it started to sometimes not change so I’m thinking I might wait for the Apple charging pad to come out and buy that.
I bought two of these items. One is still working and the other died after two months. Will be contacting seller for a replacement
Worked great at first...seemed to charge slower over time
What am I to tell you...IT DOESNT RECHARGE MY CELL PHONE???
Horrible.  Doesn’t work. Hasn’t worked from day one. I habe an iPhone 8. Tries charging with my case on and off. Different outlets. Using the adapter for my iPad so has enough power.  Lights blink about 10-15 seconds. After an hour on charger might have gotten 1-5% boost in battery. Very disappointed!
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my boyfriends iPhone 8. The charging pad is small and lightweight. It charged fine at first at a great speed but now it doesn’t charge as fast but still completely charges the phone. Wish it still charged at its original speed.
This was a great product for the first 3 months.  It worked really well and did a great job charging.  Then this week, it just died.  Im really disappointed that is died so quickly as it was great when it worked.
Phones slip of it too easily.
Product worked great after receiving it but after mild use (charging phone overnight) and maybe moving it twice, the Micro USB port barely works on the charging pad. I have to now place a weight on the end of the wire in order for it to turn on, and that only works occasionally.
less then 6 months of infrequent use and it has stopped working. and yes the usb cable is good and my phone charges on other wireless chargers
Just got this a couple of days ago along with the suggested wall charger... my s9 can be on it for several hours saying fast wireless charging but only gain 15-20%.. takes all night to get back to 100%
does not work with moto z or g7
I have other Anker wireless chargers that work great, so I bought this one on Prime Day. Seemed to be great for the first few days/weeks, but now its charging extremely slow. So slow that my phone actually loses battery power if I watch YouTube videos while its on the charger. Mostly I stream music all day at work while I have the phone sitting on the charger. It doesnt lose battery charge doing this, but it doesnt gain any either. So, for those reasons, I cant give this a great rating. Its mostly useless to me at this point. Very disappointing.
I purchased this item this week and upon unboxing it, placed my iPhone X on the charger while sitting next to it, I actually watched the charge percentage go down over time as if it wasnt on a charger at all. I am not sure if this is simply not strong enough to charge the iPhone X or if I got a defective product. Either way, I am rebooting to return and will look at other options.
I only used the unit twice and when I went to use it for the 3rd time, it wont work. I emailed the company and because the warranty expired a few days prior to my email, they would not honor it. I am very disappointed that it didnt even last for 2 yrs.
Tried this several times and the phone looks to be charging. 5 minutes later the phones slides off the device on to the table or counter and is not charged. Wil not stay put on top of the charger.  Waste of money.
Arrived at my office today and I got really excited! Was really tired of when I moved my chair and the iphone wire would pull out. It is nice and compact (although the wire they offer is pretty small). Charged my phone for a few minutes but then just stopped working... Tried some of my other colleagues phones and it wouldnt work either. Guess you get what you pay for on prime day.
There is a magnet that pushes my iPhone off of the charging pad. I place my phone on it, it’ll start charging very slowly, then after a minute, the Qi magnets push the phone around so that it stops charging. THIS IS A WARNING. DO NOT BUY.
It’s ok product, it was smaller than I expected
Finally opened the box. Charged overnight & my phone is nearly dead. I have to buy a wall charger on top of this item? That’s absurd. Anker says in small print on one photo that you need a separate wall charger in order for this to work. I used to love this company, but hate that an additional purchase is required.
the connection from the cord to the base is selective and will only work if played with.
Anker powerport wireless10 charger model a2513 overheated my phone while charging. My new phone now has  erratic screen touch problems. The blue LED lights charge status are worthless and do not show when the phone is completely charged. I believe this charger overcharged my phone and thats whats created the excessive heat. It did not turn off the charger. Anker appears to no longer support this older product as it is not recognized on the anker.com/support website.
Charged at a regular pace. When i leave my phone on it over night, my phone is really hot once i take it off. This probably isn’t good for your phone...
This literally came yesterday and already doesn’t work. What a waste of money. I plugged it in, it charged my iPhone for two seconds and then stopped working. Do not waste your money.
Wish this product had better longevity
I bought this for my gf’s iPhone X as a gift. Unfortunately it turned out to not be so great of a gift. The charger will cycle on and off non stop as far as charging the phone goes. She has a very thin case. We’ve tried without the case and no luck. We leave the phone on the charger overnight and the phone is dead when we wake up. Another cheap charger that only deserves a spot in the trash. Based on the reviews it seems the product is very hit or miss, because the people that it does work for, love it.
Don’t waste your money. This charger only took my phone from 10% to 80% battery overnight. Not sure if mine is just defective but I will be returning.
Bought this to charge my iPhone Xsmax, for some reason it keeps throwing my phone to the floor (it sits on the edge of my table). Once you find the sweet spot to place it on your good to go.
Tried it with my Motorola and a Samsung Galaxy.  Neither one worked at all
