This headset is great. I have Astro A50s, HyperX Alphas, and the HyperX Cloud ll. Does this headset blow all these other headsets out? No. I do believe for the price point, they are a good contender. One thing without a doubt, the Blue Vo!ce microphone on this headset is far superior than any other headset/microphone combo. Microphone quality is great, presets modes sound great with a lot of customization to what YOU prefer. First compliment when I joined my friends with this microphone, “You sound so professional”. Sound Quality IMO sounds great. I do believe these are on par with the HyperX sound quality. I did notice however the 7.1 surround feature is not my preference. I currently use the 5.1 and have adjusted my equalizer to my liking. You want more bass? Bump the bass up. Treble? Bump it up. So much customization is what sets this apart from other headphones. Yes, you can buy or use aftermarket equalizer software to adjust other headphones. I’m not audio fanatic, but I do like quality and I feel Logitech has delivered with this headset. I also do like with the original ear pads, there is excellent noise cancellation which gives a better-quality sound and keeps the bass locked into the ear cuffs. I have had no issues with positional gaming with the headphones. For me, the Logitech G Hub works perfect as I have a Logitech keyboard and mouse. I did have issues with G Hub at first, but that was user error. Once I took time to learn G Hub and mess around with the settings, I have had no issues. Take time to learn the software and you will be able to get these headphones to the microphone sounds and audio sounds you prefer. I have had 5-6 hour gaming sessions and have had zero comfort issues. Build quality feels great, similar build quality as HyperX. Design and looks, IMO look better than the HyperX headphones. Overall, if you want to go for something cheaper, than HyperX is still a good choice without a doubt. If you want good microphone quality and the ability to really customize a headset to your audio liking on the fly? Then this headset it for you. To me, it was worth spending the extra money for the microphone quality alone. I am no streamer, but communication is key to playing well in a game. If you have a crap microphone and no one can understand you, then what good are you? I will continue to use the Logitech G Pro X 7.1 Surround as my primary headset as I believe overall is a better preforming product. Don’t let other reviews discourage you about G Hub. Learn the software. With all the software you use to update drivers, graphics cards, Stream Decks, RGB Lighting and so on… Logitech software works great. You won’t be disappointed.
I bought this headset via Logitech website. I orginally used separate headphones with a desktop microphone. I read countless reviews before purchasing it. I have to say I wasnt disappointed. The build quality is greater than what I imagined. At first, I found the volume to be pretty low compared to my previous headset, however you need to play with the EQ settings in Logitech G Hub. I also had some issues with losing the sound after 30 minutes. I reinstalled G Hub (I already had it installed because I own other Logitech devices - keyboard and mouse) and it fixed my issue. The mic sounds phenomenal especially when you turn on BLUE VO!CE, I modified the Broadcaster 1 preset and saved as custom. The Logitech G Pro X is an awesome headset that combines the best of both worlds: a great mic with awesome speaker sound. I highly recommend these!
Wow! Super crisp and clean sound, best I have heard at this price point. If you are on the fence between this or the non-blue voice...get this one! Totally worth the extra $. Very comfortable and the build quality seems really nice! I read another review about Dolby dts issues but I cannot confirm or deny that...all I know is this is the perfect balance of quality and performance at this price point. My favorite headphones to date.
Got them yesterday so far the Mic is amazing and the sound quality is amazing
Great for gaming. Mic is crystal clear. The software that comes with the headphones is very in depth.
This is one of the better headsets I have owned, sound quality is really good and the virtual surround sound is good for gaming.
So I originally got the hyperx cloud revolver ss as a replacement for my logitech g430s and myself having big ears it just didnt work out the drivers were always touching so i quickly returned them and pre ordered a pair of these which i was also very worried about because of how little space there is between the driver and the ear cup but rest assured that it is super comfortable like there isnt one thing i would complain about except! i will admit that the drivers on the hyperx cloud revolver ss sounded much much louded and more pronounced but the g pro x lack the white noise in the surround sound that the hyperx clouds had. all in all its a really nice well build durable headset. just wish they had a little more ummmpfff in the speakers
Ive been a hyperx user the last 3 years. Ive owned the Cloud, and the Revolver S. I purchased these Logiteches as soon as they were announced, due to my great experience with other Logitech peripherals. These do not dissapoint! They are extremely comfortable, and sit great on my head. I have a large head (size 8 hat size), and this is the first headset I have owned that I didnt have to completely max out. The ear muffs are large, and cover my ear with a comfortable clamping force that isnt too light, or too heavy. The mic sounds absolutely incredible with the Blue software in Ghub. I do think the sound in the speakers was better in my HyperX Revolver, but its minimal difference, and might be something I can fix with EQ. I highly reccomend these!
