First off id like to say that this headset has really good sound quality and i really like the mic with the blue technology. The comfort is really good for me but every head is different and they might not be comfortable to you. Now onto the main issue ive had with this headset is the usb plug with the aux jack. I constantly have to move the aux jack around or unplug it and plug it back in. The issue is that the mic will all of the sudden just stop working.  Ill have to completely restart my pc to get it to work again. Also i just want to say that the surround sound is not what i was expecting at all. Ive tried it in a few different games and the directional sound is almost non existent. This headset has alot of potential for the gaming community but in my opinion it seems like it was rushed before properly being tested. Last thing is would someone please tell Logitech that a 4 foot cable is nowhere near enough to be comfortable while playing or even watching videos.
Have had to reinstall Logitech G Hub almost 20x in 3 days, every time I turn the computer off and back on the headset no longer works, no sound output even tho it says its connected. The headset itself works really well, comfortable and sounds great, but man oh man is the software a straight pain in the ass! On top of that, the mic hears EVERYTHING... If you use this without push to talk, except your teammates to hear every little breath you take.
This headset is probably one of the worst products from Logitech Ive ever purchased. My microphone kept making a creaking noise whenever I spoke. I had to record my own voice to believe it when people were telling me about it. The DTS 7.1 surround is terrible as well. I couldnt tell what direction footsteps and sounds were coming from reliably. I played with all of the settings for hours in the Logitech software with no luck. This is being advertised by e-sport players who I doubt would ever use this headset in a tournament due to the awful quality. Better off with something else.
After i set it up it worked great. Shut down the computer to use again and now the DAC card wont work. The headset works with out it so it is the dongle. What a piece. Sending back tomorrow. Another brand here I come. What a shame I was looking forward to this so much and was letdown so hard.
Ive never dealt with a more frustrating Logitech product. Their stuff is usually good and reliable, but not this piece of junk. Its also nowhere near as comfortable as some people are saying, its average at best. Swapping the ear cushions is the most counter intuitive, painful process.
The Headset looks sleek and cool. The Microphone is one of the best I have heard on a headset and you can make it sound like a standalone microphone. It is suuuuper comfortable. However and its one big deal breaker; the sound is hot garbage. The sound is so flat and the volume is reduced . I played a game of PUBG and Batallion; I had to keep adjusting the EQ settings. When I finally reached the best i can make it sound, I had to try to hear for foot steps. I shouldnt have to struggle to hear foot steps for  $130. I am returning the headset and probably going to get the HyperX alphas or something from audio Technica instead.
My 2-star rating is based on my own personal preferences in a gaming headset. YMMV. I have a pair of G633s Ive been happy with for quite a while. The Dolby 7.1 feature is pretty much always-on when I play games. DTS is also an option, but its total garbage in comparison, so I never used it. With the former option, audio sources are easily identifiable, and there is an extremely minimal sacrifice in raw sound quality when active. Id even happily listen to music with it on. The only issues I have with them is that they feel somewhat cheap, make loud creaky plastic noises in my ears when I move my head, and are prone to slipping if I so much as sneeze wrong. The headband is also stupid-narrow, and WILL make a weird-looking dent in your hair after hours of use, which is strong enough to stick around despite all brushing or combing attempts. Now, to the G Pro X. I was hoping that this would be the perfect marriage of the 633s excellent 7.1 surround quality, and the comfort and build quality of other high-end headsets I have tried. I am very disappointed. Im extra-disappointed, in fact, because I love everything about this headset EXCEPT its positional audio features. Its very comfortable, comes with both pleather and fabric ear cup sets to suit your preference, and will not fall off your head if you look up at your ceiling. Mic quality is excellent and the mixing options available are frankly overkill, but in a good way. Sound quality is crisp, and minute details in music are easy to pick out. Highs are nice, mids are nice, bass is nice, its all just nice. Heres where it all falls apart for me. The G Pro X headset does not feature the choice between Dolby and DTS 7.1 systems. Dolby has been dropped entirely in favor of DTS. Now, you might remember me saying how DTS is a pile of hot garbage. I had hoped theyd made improvements to it when I ordered this headset. Alas, it continues to be garbage. Uncomfortably warm, worryingly moist, pungent (with a smell you cant really place) garbage. Sound quality takes a dramatic turn for the worse, cutting out almost all high frequencies and flattening the experience so it sounds like youre listening to the world through two Pringles cans taped over your ears, without the bottoms removed. Sure, sound direction is easily identifiable, but the price for that is far too steep. Its like cutting out your tongue to cure your sleep apnea. With a box cutter. "The wrong kid died."   - Me, to DTS Heaphone-X At the point I discovered the above, I was engrossed enough with the other aspects of this headsets design that I attempted to band-aid the problem with the EQ settings. I thought, I should still be able to bring back the highs to compensate for DTSs absolute trash fire of an implementation, right? No dice. It sounded better, but it merely poked a small hole in the ends of the aforementioned metaphorical Pringles cans. Oh, and it only has five EQ sliders. Seriously though, put two Pringles cans over your ears and go listen to traffic. Youll understand. I cant stress enough how bad DTS surround is on this headset. Somewhat desperate to justify the cash I spent on this thing, I tried to get around it a second time by turning off surround altogether in G Hub (LGSs buggy, clunky successor - LGS would not detect these at all), and trying to install Dolby Atmos for Headphones. With Atmos installed, I went to activate it through Windows, the way you do. Unfortunately, it just couldnt be that easy.  Any spatial sound options fail entirely, with the message "Something went wrong while trying to activate spatial audio". My assumption is that this is what happens when you attempt to enable Windowss spatial audio settings on a headset that Windows identifies as having 7.1 channels, which is a damn shame. If Windows cant identify 7.1 channels on a device, no game you play will actually deliver those 7.1 channels for mixing by any Virtual Surround software. This results in the kind of lackluster experience people usually point to for evidence when they say "Virtual surround is a scam". I empathize with those people, because for most implementations, they might as well be right. So, its a sad day. In my opinion, complete removal of the Dolby 7.1 option, lack of improvements made to DTS 7.1 to compensate, and unavailability of any feasible workarounds, all conspire to cripple this headset for my own gaming purposes. No combination of build, audio, or mic quality can salvage this headset if you find yourself unable to go back to stereo from 7.1. It really sucks that I have to negatively review this based on one deal-breaking feature. If you want clear, crisp positional audio without too many corners cut to do it, buy a pair of G633s or G933s instead. Enable the Dolby 7.1 option, set EQ to your preference, and stay as far away from the G Hub software as you can.
