These are, quite possibly, the finest earphones I have ever owned. They come from Anker. Right away that means you are getting quality. Anker have a proven track record (in my opinion) in great products, great prices and excellent customer service. As soon as you open the box, the quality is obvious. You get a very well packaged product, with compartments for everything, and this includes the earphones, case, instructions, charging cable, covers for the earphones (3 sets), and 2 extra sets of ear bud covers (1 large, 1 small, normal being already on the phones), and some other documentation for after sales service. The case, as well as being a perfect storage unit, is actually a powered charging case. You charge the case, the case charges the phones. If the phones are in the case when you are charging it, they are both charged together. The ear buds fit perfectly. They are about the only earphones I have ever had that I can say that about. Other ones leave me sore after a few minutes, or they dont get all the way in to cut off outside noises. These are a perfect fit. The phones each have a button. Just one. Thatss it. Take them out of the case, and they automatically turn on and pair with your phones. Press either button to answer/end a call, or play/pause music. Press the left button to skip back/hold to decrease volume, press the right button to skip forward/hold to increase volume. Put them back in the case and they automatically power down. Its all so easy and so intuitive. Double click either button to start Siri (if you have an iPhone), the instructions say your voice assistant, so it may be configurable in your phone to start Bixby/Alexa/Cortana/Google Assistant, but I dont know as I wasnt really interested in that. What I was interested in was pure, uninterrupted sound. Deep bass, clear vocals, no hiss and near silent ambient sounds. Once the phones are charged, they last up to 24 hours. To charge the case takes about 2 hours. I could rave all day about these earphones, but I must point out one negative. The instruction manual font is unreadable. Ridiculously small, the only way I could read it was by looking through my phones camera lens. This is true of a lot of products now, as the craze for making everything smaller continues, they have done the same with the instruction books! A first class product, worth every penny. Recommended. Thanks for listening.
Fab earphones
Its amazing! the sound is absolutely perfect, there is no drop of the audio from the left speaker, works fine with Google Assistant. Recommended
I bought these earphones as a second pair to accompany my Bose Sound Sport wireless earphones.  The Bose ones are amazing with beautiful rich sound.  These Zolo earphones whilst not matching the Bose in terms of sound quality do come very close.  For the price (half of my Bose ones) I cannot complain, in fact I am very happy. The fit in my ear is great, much better than my Bose earphones.  The earphones come with various ear tips and "jackets" to cover the outside of the earphones. The packaging is excellent, feels very nice in terms of quality.  It also comes with a yellow braided micro USB cable.  Also of usuaal Anker high quality. The earphones are charged with the included charging case.  The case needs to be charged and when you place the earphones inside the case it charges them up, even on the go.  This is quite important as the batter life of the earphones is stated at around 3 hours which is not very good - however given that you can charge on the go this isnt a problem.  In the 3 weeks I have owned this prodcut I have only had to charge the charging case twice, so this is good. The earphones connect automatically with a Bluetooth device (I use my phone) when you take them out of the charging case.  There are no volume controls on the earphones and you have to do this via your device.  My biggest gripe with the product is that quite often I will be happily driving in my car streaming music via bluetooth from my phone and the music will cut out - after a lot of head scratching I have discovered that my phone is connecting with the Zolo earphones even when they are in my bag in the charging case.  this happens a lot and I have ended up unpairing my phone from the earphones.  It is a little niggle but one that really annoys me.  If it werent for this I would give 5 stars.
Very good sound quality: impressive bass and clear high pitches. They adhere very well to the ear and do not move or fall while running. Complete isolation of external noise and can be a problem for running on urban roads: for example, you can not hear the vehicles engines. They work more than 2 hours without difficulty. Zero problems with the disconnection of the left earphone, but I have tried them for less than 3 hours. Very satisfied. I recommend it for the price: around  70 with shipping to Spain.
First off I would like to start off by saying.... ignore all of the negative comments. I have absolutely no idea as to why these people are writing such negative reviews and leaving 1 star. Complete morons if you ask me!!! Trolling an amazing product and leaving negative reviews..... seriously.... go get a life. If you do what it says in the instructions and reset your headphones BEFORE you use them you will have no issues whatsoever. I have NEVER had Bluetooth delay with videos or streaming or anything like that. Audio and video are never out of sync. My left ear bud NEVER cuts out. They both work independently of each other and I often just have one bud in my ear so I can join in with everything around me. People, phones, tv, radio etc. The only down side of this is that when the charge runs out, they both run out, so both have to be charged. It would be great if when one runs out you can pop the other one in whilst the other one is charging. Maybe something the developers could look at in the future. I absolutely love headphones and I have had Bose QC30’s which were absolutely rubbish. I had 3 sets replaced by Bose within 1 month as these kept cutting out every time I turned my head. The noise isolation was absolutely rubbish on the Bose too and for the price this was not acceptable. Bose admitted it was the water content of our bodies that caused all of these problems!!!!! Seriously BOSE??? So I swapped the QC30’s for over ear headphones QC35 which are fab. These cannot be compared to the Zolo ones as they are a completely different product. I was extremely dubious about getting these Zolo after the issues I had from Bose but from the moment they arrived they blew me away with the quality. I charged the earphones immediately and once I had reset them as per instructions I have used them ever since without any issues at all. I charge the case once a week and everytime I finish using the ear buds they go straight back in the case and are fully charged ready for the next use. I use them every single day. You will not be disappointed with these at all. The sound quality exceeds all expensive rivals. Of course if you have over ear headphones then the quality is immense but these being ‘in ear’ also have superb sound. I cannot fault them at all. These easily leave the Bose qc30’s in the dust and they are a fraction of the cost. Well worth it. Don’t hesitate!! I have not been asked to write a review from Anker. They have not paid me for this review. This is my honest review of these headphones. If it offends anyone.... tough.... if it inspires people to purchase them..... they will enjoy them as much as I do!!
Ignore all the 1 star reviews, they are not even reviewing the product, just having a moan because kickstarter is rubbish at keeping any promises and they got burnt.. These headphones are the best thing Ive ever bought on amazon. Hand down. They come nicely packaged and the cable included might just become my new everyday micro USB cable as I like the colour... Surprising small when I opened it all up and the setup was just so simple, plugged them into my laptop for a bit to charge, pop them out of the case and into my ears, search on my phone for a bluetooth device and it connected instantly. Sound quality is just incredible, I have to keep on thinking to myself that they are not tethered together as these are the first bluetooth headphones Ive tried and actually liked that are under a few hundred pounds. I havent noticed any real video lag when watching youtube on my phone either. Only feature id like Zoho/Anker to add in the future is the ability to change the volume some how without having to use voice control or finding my phone in my pocket.. Looking forward to going for a run in the morning with them.
..And I’ve tried quite a few. I’m quite surprised about the negative reviews as they seem completely unwarranted. To give a 1 star because of some idea that Anker is a scam company and “stealing money” is absolutely ridiculous. Instead of buying into the fake, negative reviews, give these earphones a try and I’m sure you will be blown away like I was. Quality: First impression was great. Earphones are light but feel sturdy. The charging/storage case is tiny and has a high quality feel to it. I love the fact that they switch on the second you take them out of the box Fit: This is absolutely imperative to me – I’ve had too many earphones which came loose – not only does it make you uncomfortable, but it severely impacts the sound quality. I put these into my ears with the small fit attached out of the box and they were perfect. The seal is so tight I hear nothing around me. And nobody can hear these play in my ears. There is a wide range of different fits, so ANYONE will be able to find the right size. I simply don’t believe ear canals exist which won’t accommodate any of the sizes. Sound: Wow – I was listening to Rita Ora’s Black Widow to check the deep end. A cut above any earphones I tried – wired and wireless. Beautifully balanced earphones with controlled bass and great mids and highs. Warm sound, very pleasant. This is my first day, so I am yet to comment on battery life. The being Anker – a specialist in battery technology – I have no doubt that they will live up to expectations. I honestly don’t know what else you could wish for in a pair of wireless earphones. I hope the genuine, unbiased reviews will eventually outweigh the negative, very likely fake, reviews. Anker created a winner and deserves a lot of praise for this. Particularly at this price. Well done
*Update* For these having audio lag, have you tried improving the streaming quality? I’ve had no issues whatsoever on both 4g and WiFi. These are my first venture into wireless earbuds. For the money I think these are excellent. Paired with my iPhone 7 easily - tick No drop outs, even when phone was downstairs and I was upstairs - tick Initial audio lag was corrected by improving the streaming quality on Amazon video, no issues on YouTube - tick Overall build quality, buds and case - tick Grip fit, there’s no budging these if you fit them properly and use the correct skin - tick So far nothing negative to say and can’t understand why some people are having issues.
4th December 2017 After further use I discovered that with video the speech is synchronised with the lips for movies, BBC iPlayer and everything else I tried, except for YouTube. With most of YouTube I watch this is not a big issue for me. Also, further use confirms my initial impression on the sound. It is absolutely fantastic, even better then I first thought. The stereo and separation of sounds is exceptional. I spoke with someone at the company about the YouTube synch problem with my iPad. They did not know about this problem and I am sure it will be rectified. The persons response was excellent and I like their customer service, its very good. I love these earphones and will keep them while increasing my rating to five stars. I regard the YouTube issue a minor one. I will be buying two more sets as Xmas presents. 3rd December 2017 These Liberty (not Liberty+) earphones arrived today and I was able to set them up easily. I am very impressed by the quality of the earphones and the complete package; the box, the charging case, alternatively sized earbuds and quality cable/packaging. I used these earphones with an iPhone 6. The sound is very impressive and I like to clarity, separation of sounds and bass..The sound volume is more than adequate. The earphones fit snugly, provided excellent noise isolation in the home and are unlikely to fall out. Both Siri and the telephone worked flawlessly for me. This is a quality product. However, I have yet to test them in a noisy environment. I suspect the tight fit will achieve much of the effect of active noise cancellation. If they solve the problem of sound/lips coordination then I would be delighted.. The major problem is that when watching some video its clear that speech is not synchronised with the lips. I will telephone the company tomorrow to see if this can be resolved on the earphones that I have bought.. Had the speech been synchronised with lips I would have given a 5 star rating bearing in mind the price, As they are, they are great for music but not so good for me as I would use them watching video as well; YouTube or films from time to time.
Feels great in the ear, sounds great and light. I usually use apple earpods for my Galaxy S8 and they are okay but these wireless earphones are even better than wired ones!
The sound is not clear sometimes Their us delay in some games The sound goes off for secounds I believe it is a problem in the Bluetooth
I bought these for my teenage son and he absolutely loves them. They fit nicely, have great sound and battery life. I had an issue which I need customer service help with. They responded quickly and were very helpful. Top product and support.
Excellent customer service and a great product
Defo worth the 60 price tag. Sound quality is better than the standard apple headphones (in most cases), bass is very heavy. There is slight white noise but its not noticeable when playing anything with sound on. Delay is from 1-2s so not that bad for a bluetooth connection. The headphones have a very comfortable and firm fit in the ear (they also come with different sized parts to suit your ear size), they are kinda big, but its not really a problem. Battery life seems decent, they charge very well (using microUSB) and the case size is about twice the size of the AirPods case. Overall a decent quality product! A good choice if youre looking for something under 100. Waterproof spec is IPX5
Great phones but can be a little uncomfortable after a while
Got these since I currently have an android phone. Work really well, essentially AirPods but work better with Android.
I brought these EarPods as wanted something completely wirefree and have trouble with the fit of a lot of earphones (I’m looking at you Apple EarPods). They fit great, sound fantastic and don’t look like I’m wearing earrings. They last a decent amount of time, come in a great little storage case, seat well for recharging and the case holds a nice amount of charge, too. Absolutely love them and was therefore initially disappointed when i had a problem with one of the pods. However I emailed the service address, and had a reply within 24 hours. The support person was incredibly helpful and within 5 days I had received a replacement pair of pods. 4 out of 5, because I had to contact them in the first place, but don’t let that put you off, as the aftercare service was second to none.
These earbuds are amazing! Battery life lasts for ever, then talking about the sound Im used to the Hose quiet comfort 35...well, incredibly the zolo liberty are well able to stand comparison with those. I had these earbuds for 4 months, then something happened: left earphone got broken somehow, and it was switching off itself. So I sent an email to the customer service, and after 2 (ONLY 2) days I received some.new earphones. For free. An amazing customer service without any doubt. I will recommend these earbuds to everyone.
The case hinge might loosen up as mine has but it wont come off and is other wise a great product but you would get a better product if bought the latest version as it has a feature where u can hear ur surrounding while having the ear buds in unlike this where if u put both in u are in full noise cancelation and also the newer version is made for the app and can do a lot more with the app
I have had these headphones for almost a year now and they have been great. Amazing sound, always stay in my ears, great battery life and great connection. I recently had a slight problem with the right ear bud, mainly due to dirt getting in and me cleaning them out. I contacted the company and was immediately sent a replacement set. I wouldn’t consider buying any other Bluetooth headphones. Only negative is watching videos the sound is very slightly behind the picture but this is the same with all Bluetooth headphones I have found.
The product is brilliant, the sound is very good and the fit technology is even better. My only down side after using them for year was that the gold membrane fell on my left earbud, but the top notch customer service got me a new set in less than a week. I am in love with these earbuds. My brother also has them, but they seem to not fit him as well as does to me, so the experience might be different from person to person. A prominent downside is that the earwax buildup severely downgrades the sound with time. My new earbuds sounded worlds better than my old ones. You also mind find it hard to hold the buds in at first, but they do have quite a learning curve in order to get them just right you have to practice and get used to them.
Great value for money. Only thing is they are quite big
Really like these. Good sound, smart looking and secure fit
Bought these to replace a cheaper pair which although good the sound quality (bass) was seriously lacking. Well these are excellent.... I would say up there with more expensive models (Airpods). If you are thinking about truly wireless earphones I would not hesitate to recommend these. Pros: Sound Quality Build Accessories in the box Battery life Fit in the ear Price Cons: Non as yet
Brilliant,no wires.great sound
These completely wireless headphones are great value for money! The sound quality is great! The grip fits really work. I train with these all the time and they do not fall out whether running or lifting and the batteries have never run out on me. Recently had a small issue with the charging case where the lights wouldnt go out. Contacted customer services who were quick to respond and after discussing the issue, they sent out a replacement set of headphones! Would recommend these everyday!
I recommend this product. I bought this set 9 months ago, have used it almost every day and I like it. In my case it is especially helpful at the gym and in the street, both noisy environments. The small rubber in-ear piece does a good job of isolating the noise out, so I can listen to my podcasts at a comfortable level. Sometimes I also listen to music with them, which sounds very good. The Bluetooth connection happens fast enough for me not to care about it They fit well into my ear and only once, after much grimacing at the gym, did one become unstuck. The charging box is small enough that it fits into my jeans front pocket alongside my iPhone. Also, when I lost sound in one of the pieces, the company was kind enough to send me a replacement.
What I liked : The packaging, clean, good quality. Earphones fit really well in the box. What I didnt liked (SEE UPDATE BELOW): They are REALLY big, I guess it depends on how and when you are using it. The two earphone have constant micro disconnection (really annoying) (Not anymore : check UPDATE) There is a crackling noise that is always present and ruins literally the all experience. (I may have fall in product defective but still, it should not happen) (I almost dont notice it now : check UPDATE) I was really optimistic for this product, Ive seen a lot of good review and the prize was really attractive but at the end we have a product who dont answer to the basic needs : proper sound, good connection. (Check UPDATE) I know with this range of prize we cant expect perfect sound but at least as good as basic earphones. I will send back this product. UPDATE : The company reach out to me and send me another product wich worked much better. I do recommand this product for the price packaging and comfort.
Finally a pair of wireless earphones I really enjoy to use. I was looking for a pair for a long time and I wasnt disappointed. For me it fits perfectly, it blocks out most of the noise and Im satisfied with the sound quality. Only minor negatives:  - the left ear piece cuts out sometimes for less than a second  - the bluetooth connection can be unreliable in certain places (e.g. around some tube stations)  - only the right ear piece plays sound when used for a phone call
Awesome product. The sound and battery life is great. The concept of keeping the buds in a case to charge works well.
Love these they are a bit of a fiddle to get in I have been turning off the phone connection as I cant seem to get them in without pressing the button several times and it will be my luck that I dial the talking clock in most expensive calls land However they sound and fit  amazingly well very happy but I am only a couple of plays in to them
Really happy with these - only minor complaint is that you cant have one charging in the case whilst listening on the other - would have been 5* if that was possible.
One of the best buy product at the market. Easy to use, sound better than more expensive bt earbuds.
Amazing quality, good base although they have a slight delay when watching videos but otherwise amazing
Really good wireless headphones, and feel very premium both with the headphones themselves and the charging box itself. Left earphone does drop out every once in a while, but re-connects immediately - this really doesnt affect the experience. They fit really well in my ear and come with a range of earbud sizes. I used them to run and they do not even hint at falling out. As with all wireless headphones, it is hard to use them to watch video as always some latency with video vs sound. Highly recommend!
PRO: - value (price/features) - battery CONS: - delay during videos - sometimes they remain connected even from the case
This is a very good product and have a nice sound.
After days of watchong reviews regarding true wireless earbuds, I settled for the ZOLO Liberty. I can say they are the best quality/price relation in the market at the moment. They have what good earbuds should have: incredible sound, good build, good ear fit, they are discrete and they dont have crappy extras which increase the price. 3.5 hours of autonomy on a single charge and the case has more than 24 hours of charge, I charged it once and had it for 3 days before charging again. Word of advice, forget the overpriced brands with crappy extras and get this, you wont regret it.
easy to use ... good sound quality ... and they dont fall off
I bought these earphones for the purpose of listening to audiobooks and podcasts during work without being conspicuous about it. I originally bought a cheap chinese version that were awful, so I splurged on these. After the first week, Im floored at how good these are! The sound on these earphones is excellent. Im not a sound engineer so I cant go into the highs and lows but to my untrained ear, the bass is not overpowering, the treble is balanced and I really like it. I was expecting quality that would suffice for me to listen to audiobooks on them. After a week, I find im reaching for these earphones for music and videos, and not just audiobooks. The pairing process is easy and fluid. Take them out of the box, you search on your device for the earphones and they just work. Thanks to the fact that the eaphones pair to the phone when taken out of the case, I rarely notice the pairing time. I slip them into my ear, press play and it just works. They are slightly bigger than I had thought they would be, but they fit into my ear perfectly and dont slip out. The build materials for the earphones themselves seem cheapish, but durable. The case on the other hand looks premium and durable. The only major issue I have found is that you cant use one earphone while the other is charging. I feel like if I were to lose an earphone, this would be the root cause. Overall, I really like these earphone and they are well worth the price in my opinion.
Fantastic
Fantastic ear buds. Sit in my ears well. Sounds great. Excellent battery life and really handy charging case I had a little issue with the ear buds not sitting in the case properly so dropped a line to the Zolo customer services team and had a fantastic response. Replaced the item without fuss and the new one works exactly as expected so I couldn’t be happier!
The format for these compact buds is spot on. The battery in the ear buds and case is sufficient. Phone calls are clear (although only functioning in the right ear), the voice assistant works well too. Major downside is the delay on watching video content, substantially worse than my previous on ear BT set. If you are not watching the screen a lot, like if you are cooking or cleaning then it’s ok. Also I imagined the design of them was meant to be stealthy, but on occasion they blink with white lights giving you the appearance of a cyborg. All in all, the unobtrusive design and their ease of use are their stand out features, but I can’t help wondering if the BT5.0 of the Liberty+ model reduces the delay.
WOW. These earphones sound great, really great, Im no audiophile so some may argue, but the highs are bright and crisp, the bass is nice and low without being overpowering and I can hear it all on a busy train. As for the connectivity, theyre great, every now and again, maybe once a day, I get a dropout on the left earphone, but it reconnects within a second. Pairing them to my iPhone 6s could not have been easier, the auto on and off when you put them in the case and remove them is amazing. Some people have mentioned lag in the bluetooth signal. Yes, on occasion I have noticed it when watching videos on the Netflix app, usually if I open the app and then retrieve the earphones, there doesnt seem to be any lag if Im wearing the earphones and then open the Netflix app. When I do it the other way, I just have to quit the Netflix app and relaunch it. Battery life, so far so good. I have not had the earphones run out yet, and Ive not had to recharge the case yet, Ive only had them a short while. Build quality, as with all Anker products I have purchased they really do seem like a premium product from the packaging to the earphones and case, nothing feels cheap. Would I recommend these to anyone? YES. I was in two minds about purchasing bluetooth earphones, convenience, great, but the downsides of poor connectivity, poor battery life etc. These were 69 on Amazon and I decided to take the plunge. I have purchased many other Anker products before and always been happy with my purchases, they had favourable reviews so I went for it. Wish I had done so sooner.
The sound quality of this Bluetooth earbuds is solid and it is really comfortable wearing this for long term use. They’re customer service is awesome, as I had one ear which didn’t work and they have replaced those with new ones. They work perfectly alright and again best customer. Thank you so much Anker Zolo
Incredible product for the price. I would recommend going off a couple negative reviews as it all depends on what youre using these with. For my I use a galaxy S5 and if I play YouTube videos or other media the sound to video matches up perfectly. The sound is great I havent ever had a connections issue. Whereas if you use these with an iPad 5th gen theres a lad between video and audio, yet no connection errors. The battery life is great, they dont feel too big or look it in your ears. Many people have asked about them and Ive told them all about how impressed I am.
I have used these earphones for over a week now, Straight out the box, connection to iPhone is easy and the earphones fit well. I use these for either running or the gym, and am yet to experience any connectivity issues. The earphones magnetically fit into the case and turn off when the case it closed. One of the only criticisms I have is that the case seems a little flimsy, like the lid may break off. They stick out the ear somewhat, however it is similar to other truly wireless earphones and does not look any worse. The battery life so far is no issue. I work out for a maximum of 2 hours, then put them in the case, and its recharged for next time. The buttons on the ears are really easy to press, however you can not change the volume unlike some of the other truly wireless earphones. The sound may not be the best quality I have ever heard. However, it is nice and loud and very listenable. Perfect for my workouts. Overall, for the price - definitely worth it
Bluetooth good and connection easy. Flashing lights on case and earbuds drive me nuts at night. There is a noticeable delay if you are watching a film which could irritate some people but I do not use them much when there is a picture to sync. I do find myself reverting to wired earphones for night-time use. Addendum After my review I was contacted by customer services and they bent over backwards to improve my experience - for this alone they deserve 5 stars
Excellent sound and they seem to last hours on one charge.
Seemed ok the first time I used these but ever since, the left bud  loses connection/sound for a second or so a couple of times a minute. The fit and sound is ok but the earphones are rendered  completely useless by the connection loss issue. Ive had several much cheaper sets of Bluetooth phones in the past and none have had connection ptoblems. Avoid. Update: contacted after this review and offered an exchange (unfortunately, the product was out of stock) or a full refund. While a shame my sample had problems, customer service was first rate and I would definitely try this brand again. I wish more companies treated their customers like this, star rating updated to reflect this.
I have used these for 3 weeks every day in the gym. Three observations: reinserting the devices into the charging case requires care. They must click in to case to charge successfully or they simply don’t charge. Frustrating. Secondly they don’t turn off unless carefully inserted into the case. This means they connect to your chosen device which drains the idevice battery. Unwelcome. Finally the left bud fades in and out occasionally which is not the music track. Disappointing. When charged and working they fit very well into my ear, have a deep and rich sound. Audio books do require an adjustment to the sound equaliser to permit a clear replay. On balance I would suggest there are better untethered buds on the market even at the lower deal of the day price. After great customer support  from Liberty, the fading left ear issue has significantly reduced: with experience/practice the problems of secure charging has gone away. The case does hold a charge very well. I would add that straight out the box the earbuds connect perfectly with the idevice which is uncommon for most/some earphones. Sound has improved as they play in - hence an increase in the rating.
Great sound and excellent volume levels. They fit in the ear brilliantly and they do not fall out. Great product for the price.
Having tried about 12 different products in the wireless bluetooth ear bud range from Amazon, I had given up getting a pair which did not suffer from one channel dropout......until now!! These earbuds provide excellent performance and do NOT suffer from dropout. The best I have tried and absolutely recommended.
Took a punt when these were deal of the day at 56.  Easy to connect to my iPhone, spot on sound quality, not quite up to my Powerbeats 3 but these were a third of the price.  No drop outs or issues with the left earbud disconnecting so far.  Have tested with different video sources and all are perfectly in sync other than YouTube, but I can’t remember ever watching a YouTube video wearing headphones so not an issue to me.  Would recommend.
Owner of the Liberty+ Model. These are honestly amazing... especially for the price! The Plus model adds a slightly bigger speaker driver, double battery life in the case, isolated auto mode and bluetooth 5.0 instead of 4.1 on the no plus model. I would buy now before price rises to the rrp.
This is my personal full review of this product (Liberty Zolo) i bought from Amazon and its the first Anker product i have ever bought. So i didnt even knew the company since i started searching for wireless earbuds on the internet. From 30 euros up to 250 no matter what brand, there are too many negative reviews of this type of earbuds. I was very sceptical and after dozens of youtube videos and articles i almost ended up buying treblab j1 or ankers slimbuds+. Until i saw the liberty zolo (not the plus) on Amazons flash sale for 40 euros. I thought it was a steal so i bought them. Its my first bluetooth earbuds of any kind so i cant compare it to other similar products. Definately sound style is a matter of preference. But everyone can understand and estimate sound quality. If you match the proper silicon tips/jackets provided to make a snug fit into your ears like i did, these buds will never fall out or slip out from your ear even during intensive workouts. That means the buds isolate all unwanted noises coming from your surrounding and you will not have audio leakage at all. As a result you can understand that Anker put in these earbuds some really nice quality drivers. I listen to rock, metal and classical. The instruments dont mix up or cover each other. You can hear everything loud and crystal clear. Bass,  mids and highs are all there.  Overall you get a detailed, crisp and ritch balanced sound from lows and mids to highs. Sound is not muffled or muddy even on highest volume and it gets pretty loud. Overall its far better than the wired earbuds that came with my phone. The sound out of the box is calibrated just fine to my ears. But if you want to change the EQ to your preference  you dont need any stupid app. Just go to your phone settings and change it from there. Piece of cake. I am using these with my smartphone  that supports up to bluetooth 4.1 If you have your phone into your right or left pocket or into your bag you will have a stable connection. No matter if you cover your ears with your hands or you turn your head all possible directions,  within a 3 meter radious from the phone these have unbreakable connection as advertised. From longer distances like 5-6 meters only if the right earbud (master) has straight sight contact with the phone, and you dont hide behind some huge obstacle/column, you wont have any connection problems. But lets be serious, i think these are not meant to be used for such long distances. These are not walkie talkies by any means. Also watching videos on youtube the sound unfortunately has a 0.5 seconds delay. I dont know if it has to do with my phone supporting only bluetooth 4.1 or simply its a latency problen all bluetooth earphones have, but wile it is slightly noticable, its not that annoying to make the video unwatchable. Definately not a deal breaker by any means. Because its not a 2 or 3 seconds delay. Good news is that using only the right earbud alone, you get rid of that latency issue and you get video and stereo sound from a single earbud with ought any delays. Wile they stay in my ears and have a snug fit, my ears start to hurt after a couple of hours. And thats because they do strech your ears to get that good  isolation and grip. Battery life is more than enough since you cant wear them more than 3 hours due to ear fatigue. Not to mention that bluetooth waves penetrating your scull isnt a good idea for long periods of time to begin with. Also the battery case provided can charge them pretty fast. Only that there is not any indicator to show the battery life of the buds. Only some beep noise from the buds indicate you have 10-15 minutes left. At 75% volume (and thats pretty loud), battery lasted for 3 hours. At a lower volume perhaps you can achieve even better results. Overall its an excellent product from Anker. I cant comment on quality because everything is made out of hard cheap plastic. I would have prefered a softer  and higher quality plastic material...perhaps more elastic and rubbery to avoid ear fatigue. Also a stronger magnet in the case would make things faster and easier to lock the buds in place. Now it takes unessesary time and effort to align them properly to find the right spot to place them back for charging. Only time will tell if the electronics, battery and drivers are durable enough and the Ankers parent company Zolo meets the high quality standards of a serious brand or simply falls behind with dozens other cheap chinese copy cats. But to say the truth even if these last a year i dont mind because they are priced reasonably.  I found these on flash sale for 40 euros but they retail for 70 on amazon.es and they worth every penny even for the full price. I dont understand why would anyone want to spend more for this type of earbuds for any brand. I wouldnt look elsewhere. I wouldnt even spend extra money to buy the liberty plus version. Paying 150 and 250 euros for the same (or worse) thing with a different branding with a few unessesary extras is money wasted IMO So thank you Anker for the great product. I just hope  bluetooth doesnt fry my brain cells anytime soon...
Wow. Simply awesome. No wires whatsoever, sound is great with an excellent balance right across treble, mid and bass.  Deep bass, definitely not ‘tinny’, and they’re loud too.  No idea how they compare to others, but for me, these are fantastic sounding wireless earphones. My new daily commute earphones. Packaging is great - feel as though I received a premium product. Inside contained : - 2 black bluetooth earphones - Charging case - Zolo branded, bright yellow, micro USB cable - 2 spare pairs of earbuds (3 sets in total, each pair a different size) - 3 spare pairs of earpiece sleeves (4 sets in total, each pair a different sized ear hook ) - Instruction manual So far so good  In fact, better as these are impressive looking wireless earpieces, completely without wire.  They are really small. See the picture of them with two one pounds coins. First things first -  ensure a full charge -  both earpieces in their charging case and using the micro usb supplied, charge both the case and earpieces at the same time.  LEDs confirm these have arrived c. one third empty. 3 LEDs will indicate that all fully charged. The charging case feels robust, closes firmly and opens easily. Not too much can be said about the earpieces other that they’re small, have metal mesh and the charging pins. Also that each earpiece has one button that you press for functionality.  These feel as though they are very well made. Once fully charged, pairing is simple. Hold down right earpiece - ZOLO LIBERTY within Bluetooth settings.  Only need to pair via one earpiece.  Post this, power on right earpiece. Both earpieces in, and pleasingly I can play or pause, go back to previous songs or skip songs. Both earpieces play/pause with a short press, but long press the left earpiece goes back, whilst right earpiece skips to next song.  Double pressing right earpiece automatically pauses music and calls up Siri.  Importantly, the functionality is simple, straight forward and works effectively. To power off, either earpiece for c. 8 seconds. To power on, right earpiece first, then left earpiece.  Note that these don’t connect automatically once they’re removed from their charging case. Sound quality ... Impressively good and surprisingly so. I was expected / hoping for good quality, but my expectations have been surpassed. I am extremely satisfied.  Sound is delivered in stereo (should be an obvious point) and it is very well balanced across the music spectrum - treble, mid and bass. Bass included, yes, it’s quite deep considering these are wireless earphones.  Volume is very loud too.  Sound is rich, bass impressive. I experienced no cutting out or dropping of music.  No distortions, hissing or anything negative, even at full volume.  Also, how these sit in your ears mean they cut out a great amount of outside noise. Even without ear hook, these stay in very very well, irrespective of whether you are walking or out for a jog.  That said, these wouldn’t be my choice for out jogging as ‘pounding’ can be felt through the earpieces (my one gripe). Battery life - managed near enough exactly 3 hours before succumbing to a recharge. Disappointingly, you don’t get any warning, these simply just power down (meaning it feels unexpected). That said, charging is simplicity itself. Simply pop these in the charging case (they attach with a magnetic feel) and you will get a multiple of full charges before having to recharge the case. I have not managed to fully test the case but instructions state 24 hours of charge from case. Finally, these are IPX5 - rainproof and sweat-proof. Final thoughts. These are .... Simply awesome. No wires whatsoever, sound is great with an excellent balance right across treble, mid and bass.  Deep bass, definitely not ‘tinny’, and they’re loud too.  No idea how they compare to others, but for me, these are fantastic sounding wireless earphones. My new daily commute earphones.
I picked these up as a Christmas present for myself when they were on offer for 49.99. I used them with a Xiaomi Mi Note 2 and a Google Pixel 2XL. I own a lot of headphones and have tried quite a few wireless headphones in the last year as I realised how much more podcasts and music I listen to when I can chuck the carry case in a pocket and not have to worry about cables tangling me down. You will notice a lot of low star reviews for this product due to the manufacturer running a high profile kickstarter campaign for a Bluetooth 5.0 version of these headphones and then shipping this much cheaper version. Not going to comment on that, but I can see why people were angry. I have owned the Apple Airpods recently which I really liked (I was lucky enough that they fit me well) but I still got lots of audio drop outs with them. To be fair to Apple the Airpods worked amazingly well with my work iPhone but performed much less well on Android. The Zolo Liberty headphones really impress when they arrive. The box looks like youve bought an expensive product. You get a selection of different rubber grip covers to go overt he headphones and different ear tips. This makes it really easy to get a good fit, mind you they are a pain to change. A nice nylon wrapped yellow micro-USB charging cable is included and, of course, you get the excellent charging case. Fit and Finish - Very impressed with this really, I struggled to get the loop adapters to fit my ears but still have had no issue with the headphones falling out. You twist them slightly as you put them in your ears and they had stayed in without issue. The build seems good and it seems like they should last a good time. The charging case lid doesnt feel very robust but  i dont see any reason why it should be under much strain. Design and Features - The charging capacity is excellent on the dock and I always get a good few hours from the headsets. Im also a lot happier with the larger charging dock than the Apple Airpods which was so small I felt like I would lose it. The earphones connect automatically when taken out of the case and disconnect when placed on charge. This is my biggest issue with the Zolos as they sometimes dont connect or disconnect automatically which can be very annoying. One great feature is the charge indicator on the case which activates when you nudge it. This shows with three white leds the overall charge left. As it always has tons of charge it stops you constantly fretting, I use my headphones almost every day and have only charged it twice since Christmas! Sound and connectivity - So first off Im really really impressed with the way these hold on to a Bluetooth signal. These are the only headphones that I havent lost connectivity with when the phone is in my back pocket. Normally I find itll work fine across a room but as soon as you put your phone in a back pocket your body blocks the signal and I get lots of drop-outs. Occasionally you will lose audio in one ear with these but it happens infrequently and I havent had cause to complain. Google Assistant can be called up with a double tap, play pause with a single tap and it all works well. Sound wise these are very much noise isolating earphones and really block your ear canal. I would prefer earphones which let audio in and it can be a bit odd talking with the mic, not being able to hear your voice or just being so cut off from your surroundings. On the other hand its great when doing DIY as they act as a sort of ear defender. Finally the all important sound quality, I would say they were great, they have a full rich sound and pretty great bass response. They dont hit the levels of something like a wired Atrio M5 or a pair of good circumaural cans but they are better overall than the Airpods in my opinion. Incidentally the Airpods sounded pretty reasonable just not for the money that was being asked. Overall Im a very happy camper and would definitely buy an updated model in the future.
The sound is not clear sometimes Their us delay in some games The sound goes off for secounds I believe it is a problem in the Bluetooth
