Great audio quality and performance but fundamental build quality issues prevent adoption of this product. The earbuds do not charge well when placed in the box as they move a lot and lose contact with the charging contact points. The silicone rubber covers which go over the earbud take a lot of effort to line up with the cutout points and I have not managed to get them to align perfectly despite repeated attempts. There is no way to know if your earbuds have charged, this along with the charging issue above make the product unreliable and usage. I have returned it for a refund. Anker also seems to have launched anew version of this product so might be worthwhile waiting for the upgrade.
Just received mine and only one earbud works. Waste of time don’t but this product
the quality of sound is very good, presentation excellent too, premium feel like all anker products. few annoying things: audio lag on youtube - not as much as others presented, few tens of milliseconds, but still annoying. No lag on locally stored videos, tough. The right earpieces acts as the master, meaning you cannot use the left earpiece without the right one. The phone calls can be heard only on the right side, which is unique to any of the bluetooth headset I used so far. And annoying. There is nowhere mentioned that they are not independent to each other or that the phone calls are mono on only 1 earpiece. As they are not connected it would be logical to assume they work independently as apple airpods or samsung iconx. the sound quality is not significantly better than the anker bluetooth i have but price is more than double. I have returned them
I love listening to music on these. BUT the 2 stars come from the Bluetooth delay... The delay is about 2-3 seconds when using my iPhone X thats just EXTREMELY BAD and is a total destroyer. When using Siri or speaking on the phone theres only sound in the right ear... Thats also a complete deal breaker. The packaging and the over all quality Is solo nice! Im a BIG Anker fan and also a part of the power user and influencer program. But these are just the most sad pair of in ears I have ever used. If you just are going to listen to music these are amazing the sound is perfect. But that delay is just killing them...
One of the worst products I have bought from Amazon, and at such a high price. Buy this if: You dont mind the left headphone cutting out repeatedly You dont mind a noticeable delay in the audio that even very cheap Bluetooth headsets do not have You dont mind the headsets cutting out every time you hit the power switch to look at your phone You dont mind hitting one of the buttons and the headsets just stop working until you reset then You dont mind not being able to control the volume with your headset Dont buy it: Any of the above will be an issue for you - they definitely were for me. I will be returning these and going back to a 15 pair that had none of these issues.
Im in the same boat with all the other 1000s of people that backed the liberty+ project on Kickstarter. Weve (25,412 backers) paid a lot of money ($2,804,475) to launch the plus product (well over only to see Anker’s partner deliver two similar products that must have been learnings from the liberty+ project. While I have no proof the investors’ money was used to fund these other products, it feels the biggest coincidence I’ve come across in a long time. Im incredibly disappointed with the actions and comments from the official project team. I know Kickstarter projects have issues and delays. I’m a regular backer of projects and I’m always pleased with the products when the arrive, whenever that is. What I’ve not experienced is a company starting a product, saying they have problems and need more time but then launch two almost identical products out of the same manufacture. As of the 06 December. I still have no news on when my priority pledge will be shipped. What I do know is that all the stretch goals that were promised like the carbon fibre case have been removed because it was too difficult. So, it’s great to see people happy with their non-plus versions but I couldn’t recommend these headphones because of the company’s stance with its uses. I will say I’m sure the headphones work great. It’s why I backed the plus project to start with, that and Anker’s name. Never had a bad experience with Anker and will continue to use their products but as for this partnership, well let’s just say that’s not the best move from my point of view. So, feel free to ignore me as a bitter punter that got burnt by the Zolo / Anker partnership. Just keep in mind that if you have a problem with your product they might treat you as badly as they have treated all their other customers on the Liberty+ project. Thanks for taking the time to read. I hope it helps somebody.
Product manufactured and distributed with stolen money. Zolo has a Kickstarter campaign to produce a Liberty+ Model. They diverted the funds gained from that campaign to produce this model and the Mojo. What they have done is illegal and cannot be allowed to continue.
thank you for the reviews i had added this to my basket but after reading reviews i removed it thank you
Scam - stay away from this product. Manufacturer has quit supporting their product and stiffed thousands in the United States. Plus - as you can see - it doesnt work!
UPDATE --- 24/12 I was contacted by Ankers customer service team and they replaced my Zolo liberty headphones, these were an improvement from the last pair. Although still a small problem with the latency, not as obvious as the previous pair. The battery life is really good and while running (provided you lock them into place well) these dont fall out. I have a 2 hour workout of weights and cardio and dont need to adjust them which is a huge improvement on my experience with other types of headphones. The audio quality is still superb. The anker customer service team were great and provided regular follow up, so if you do have any problems with your Zolo Liberty let them know as they do seem to be very keen to provide a suitable resolution. As the latency wasnt perfect with the second set of headphones they sent me, they have given me a partial refund which I have accepted. The Zolo Liberty arrives with some great packaging, together with a charging cable, manual and additional eartips and GripFit Jackets and of course the earbuds themselves and the charging case. Zolo recommend that both the case and the earbuds need charging before first use so I charged them up before first use. Initial thoughts when I put them in was that the fit of the earbuds were great, I havent tried the different sizes of the eartips or GripFit Jackets yet as the standard one seems to fit pretty well. Connected quickly to my phone, only the right earbud worked but I tapped the left earbuds button and heard a beep and then the left earbud joined in. Im not overly blown away by the quality of the sound of these earbuds but for me these earbuds are more about its staying power for general fitness. I tried watching a few videos and noticed that these Zolo Liberty headphones really fall down, it has a higher video latency than most would want. Meaning that if you are watching videos the picture and the audio are out of sync. If you are just looking for a good fitting pair of wireless earphones for audio only then this is probably the right earphones for you. This isnt an all-rounder but these are my initial thoughts and look forward to playing around with these a little more. Hopefully I dont have the same problems with one of the earbuds as mentioned in other reviews but will update as time goes on.
dude ok, I did not like this at all and kind of wish i could get a refund. it kept falling off my ear, the sound quality is not good and it sort of hurts when you press on it to pause the music
One of the EarPods doesn’t function anymore after a couple of months So disappointed
Started off great however I’m now 6 months in and my right ear phone doesn’t work
I used these daily for 6 months. Battery life is great, charging case is nice as well and practicality of this form factor is superb. What I didnt expect is that Ill love how they sound. These are seriously enjoyable for listening to, maybe little lacking in the higher frequencies if you want to nitpick but very tight and detailed in lower and mid range. I seriously couldnt aks for more. Problem is.. I used them for only 6 months and they already malfunctioned. Just like that, one moment everything is great and the next time I turned them on right bud is so low on volume I thought at first its not emitting sound at all, while left one is still perfect. Turns out this is quite a common problem with these. Just google Anker Zolo lower volume right bud. Shame, because they nailed all the other aspects of the great wireless earbuds.
Amazing headphones for the price but the one thing I didnt like was that they go so far into your ear canal that I had to have my ears syringed as lots of hard wax was stuck very deep in my ear
Good : sound, fit and baterry life for the price. Bad: connection drops when my phone is in my pants pocket and the charge connection in the case is frustrating... Fiddle with it until you get it right and the headphones turn off and start charging.
question why does the charging ligh only go up to 2 instead of the full 3 stars
I had a big problem with the slave bud dropping connection which is still present to this day, but now after several months usage the buds volume wont go to the full level and the sound is crackling.
** This review is not sponsored, nor did I receive the product free or at a discount ** This is my 3rd pair of true wireless earphones.  The first was a cheap pair that I bought to check out the technology, convenience etc., and they were a major disappointment.  The sound quality in all fairness was not too bad, but the constant connection drop-outs between the master bud and both the phone and slave bud meant that they were unusable.  However, I did like the convenience of them, so I searched for a batter alternative.  After some research I chose the Bragi "The headphone" and, although the sound quality was acceptable, they still suffered from drop-outs, although not as much as my first pair.  However, after some (careful) usage, one of the shells cracked, so they were returned for a refund. On to this pair, the Zolo Liberty. I have to say that I dont like them very much. Cons: 1. They are not particularly comfortable in my ears 2. When replacing them in the case, they dont always drop into the correct position, so require some re-seating to start the charging process 3. After removing them from the case, they dont always automatically connect to bluetooth and in some cases, only the right bud does 4. Unfortunately, they still suffer from quite regular drop-outs, especially when outdoors.  Also they stutter continuously when I have WiFi enabled, although I accept that this may be my phone for some reason Pros: 1. I got them for a good price, probably due to the fact that the Liberty+ have been released 2. The build quality seems pretty good 3. The sound quality is acceptable for me, given the technology 4. Claims for battery life are accurate I am determined to find/wait for a pair of true wireless buds that tick all boxes, especially when it comes to connectivity which, for me, is now the major issue with these types of buds.
Trouble connecting to laptop. Left ear cuts out periodically, fail to charge whilst in their jackets...  Would not recommend.  Returned..
A good product, but there are some few miss connections in the bluetooth device. but would rate it a good product, but quite a high price.
These are dead to me, micro USB is not acceptable for any current electronics. Waiting for a USB C version.
I was disappointed by the quality of the sound, I expected better for the price so item returned.  The whole package does have a quality feel and initially I had high hopes but not to be.  When in the ear they did feel good and felt secure.  They came with a good option of differing sizes etc.
Liberty+ do not stay in my ears despite trying all the combinations.
So had my Zolos for a little while now and use them most days. have to say I am sadly disappointed with them for 3 reasons. Firstly the fit I find is poor. Ive gone through the buds and cant find a good fit, but hey that just might be me. I understand others dont have this problem. Secondly the battery life. Its shockingly bad. I know we have the charger case but my simple 1:45 daily commute just about sees the pods home. There aint much left in the locker. However I could forgive all of this, if only the pods had some volume to them. Now the quality is pretty good, but the volume level is dreadful. On full volume the pods are still pretty quiet. jump on the underground and you may as well switch off until you have quieter surroundings.  I am comparing these to a pair of Klipsch R6 wireless headphones. They have their problems in terms of I loathe the wire that connects both headphones (hence buying some Zolos) but comparing sound, fit and battery life between the 2 is a no contest. The Klipsch R6 are simply superior. Really disappointing. Its a good attempt by Zolo but they are not at the finish line just yet.
Bought the plus version as part of the kicker support project. Earbuds are well packed, sound quality is good. However, connection is not stable and left buds disconnects very often. Contacted customer support, they advised to send them back to California, USA for a full refund. Really, send them from the UK? Comapny should have an easiest way to deal with issues. Next time will stick to known brands like Boss, Jaybird, etc. My recommendation is to buy another brand.
I was a Kickstarter backer and so own the Liberty+ model. The fit and the sound are excellent. Sound reproduction of this quality in something this small on this connectivity is a real feat of engineering. These are very good headphones but I deduct points for the following reasons: Even though the base is metal, the case lid feels cheap. Its hard plastic on a fairly loose hinge. It has a weak magnet which holds it closed. Theres a nice feel of resistance when you open it (which isnt hard to do). It closes in a controlled way before giving a satisfying clack when it snaps shut. The main concern is that I dont feel this is a secure case. I wouldnt feel comfortable putting this is a rucksack on its own, so Ive resorted to putting it in a little leather pouch I have from another product to ensure that its protected suitably. The controls arent as easy to use as one would like. Its finicky getting it to stop/start. Siri pipes up when you want sound isolation mode. The general concerns you would imagine dont seem to be resolved with this item. Also, as a Kickstarter backer, I cant give this company 5/5. Their behaviour was unacceptable.
