Sound great. Plug and play, just change default audio output device if needed. Rgb logos are subtle yet nice looking.
Like really good. We have toddlers at home and they tend to drop these a lot. But so far so good!
I think this corsair void pro is best item for gaming
Pros -Sounds great (Discord & Games) -Software RGB Lighting -Lots of equalizer customization -Mic sounds good Cons -No noise cancellation -Has a very wide, loose fit
Can hear footsteps a mile away
There are great entry point gaming headphones. My partner has the wireless version and thats what made me decide to get these.  They are comforatable, sound quality is excellent , and I would reccomend these to those of you looking for great "budget" headphones. However, if you can afford it spring  for the wireless version. I use mine instead of speakers in my gaming pc and they work great
This head set is amazing. i have been using it for almost 3 years now and hands down this is one of the best headsets I have ever used. It has amazing build quality, sound quality, and mic quality. If you want a good headset for either gaming, discord/skype, or just watching movies/ listening to music i would highly recommend this headset. With the Dolby 7.1 surround sound and the amazing sound quality with it as well it feels like your actually in the game. you can turn off the surround sound and thats an amazing feature that i love. So if you want a really good headset i would say this is a great choice for the price and it will last you for years.
no complaints here
I love how its super comfortable and doesnt press down on my scalp.  It has really amazing sound quality.  I completely feel immersed while playing games or watching a movie/tv show.  I do have to say the noise cancellation has made it easier for people to sneak up on me while I am watching horror movies and scaring me!  The quality of the material is high.  The joints are sturdy and it hasnt started showing any age yet.
My only complaint is that the cuffs get warm after an hour or 2. But thats not from the headset. I just have a very sweaty head. So if you have a sweaty head, they might get warm.
Nice Sound Quality and Amazing Gaming Headset, I Would DEFINITELY Buy Again!
What more is there to say?  They sound good.
For gaming: 5/5. Acts like it should, mic has good quality, and when loud, you can hear things with more precision than you would on speakers. Sound quality: 4/5. Better than the speakers on my monitor, but not audiophile headphones. Definitely good enough for listening to music for any non-audiophile. Surround sound function doesn’t work well with music sometimes though. Noise cancellation: 3/5. It blocks out noise with its cushions and loudness, but they are not noise cancelling. I don’t know why they put this category under these headphones
At a $68 price point, I can assure you that these are great quality. The audio isn’t bad at all, and I feel like I could wear them for hours with no fatigue. One tip for these is that if you get annoyed by the headset saying “mic on/off” when you mute/unmute, you can lower the volume of it in the volume mixer under the icue software.
My son uses this for gaming and for listening to music.  The sound is incredible!
They fit really well on the ears, they sound amazing, there is a voice that comes with the ICue software that talks to you like Siri or Google, they look great, they are very durable. Downsides are: I wish they had more lighting. MORE RGB!!!
Great headphones. Use for gaming
An excellent gaming headset! Definitely the best Ive ever owned! It worked out of the box on both Manjaro and Arch Linux. Overall, Im really glad I purchased this headset.
Clear sound and good comfort, would be better if there was chat and game volume change buttons
This is bar none the best headset Ive ever used. Sound quality and noise cancellation is perfect, you hear everything and get really immersed in any game or movie you watch with this set. This set is also great looking, its this nice large headset that fits comfortably and has that RGB that we love for that good gaming A E S T H E T I C.
Awesome...I only returned it I think because it was wired
Ear cups are comfortable and sound quality is good both for input and output
I share my mic with my two younger brothers and as you can imagine, they go through mics pretty quickly. I needed something affordable and of good quality. So far I have no complaints, we’ve had it for a couple of months now and everything has worked perfectly. Good sound quality, super comfortable, and has proven to be durable. P.S. mic is easily adjustable and it’s black/white so it’s looks very n i c e
Great headset!
Very useful for gaming and talking with friends. Sound quality is pretty decent and the headset looks nice/lights up!
Present for my son.  He has a rather large head and we always have a hard time finding ones that fit and are good quality. Thank you for listening to we parents who search for months to find gifts for our adult children. He didnt ask for anything else and i am Soo pleased with my purchase. And got them couple days to CHRISTMAS and it took only one day.
Finally a headset that works and sounds good. Plugged into my USB port with no issues. Highly recommend! Pros: great sound and great feel while wearing them.
So far these have been a good replacement for my old stereo headphones that were dying. First time with 7.1 headphones. I have a little trouble distinguishing the back L/R channel and the side L/R but that is probably my hearing more than the headset. Mic quality seems good. My friends noticed an improvement first thing.  I typically game for 2-4hr sessions and they are comfortable the whole time. The RGB colors are kinda cool, but kind of a gimmick. However, the colors look nice and have some cool options/ adjustments. Just not really a selling point for me.  Over all quality feels good. I like that the ear piece attachment seems to be some type of metal. Im hoping that will make them last longer. I have a little concern that the cushion on the head band/ ears may breakdown fast but we will see.
Love how it has a physical button for muting the mic and overall very comfortable. These dont hurt my ears after prolonged use like other headphones and the sound quality is pretty decent.
Very nice design and great gaming hadeset
The sound is not special, but it is very comfortable to wear.
An upgrade from the last older model & its discord certified it also come with a foam pop filter to put over the mic ... really high quality headset I had my last set for years as long as you take care of it it will take care of you! Highly recommend great buy!
Love it and will purchase it again
Sometimes, after putting my PC into sleep mode, Ill have static in the speakers for awhile. Goes away if you unplug them and plug them back in, or just wait awhile. Also, if you switch from headphones to another speaker source, like a monitor or external speakers, it sometimes doesnt switch back to the headphones. Sometimes itll even turn off sound altogether. Its likely a problem with the drivers.
Enjoyed all of it.
Good
Comfortable light sound great.  Everything a 40 year old gamer thinks he needs
Good headset just be careful with the cable as it seems to be easy to rip
Headset works very well.  The sound quality is very good as well, especially if you use the iCue software to set up your own equalization. After about 2 months of owning the headset, there has been an occasional crackling coming from both ear cups, but not extreme.  Overall, its a decent headset for the price.
Very light, comfortable for long hours! Love the style. Took me a bit to get used to closed back headphones but the Corsair software allows for in ear mic pickup!
a good intermediate product into the gaming headset realm, but simply not allowing you to be able to control the headset chat audio on the microphone ruins the capability of this headset.
Nice
For the price this is a good quality headset. I normally go for cheaper headsets due to the fact i always break them. I have had some expensive gear in the past which break just as easily as cheap gear so I  decided to purchase these because I wanted to upgrade from my sades  headset that i was using but didnt want to spend a fortune again on a pair that i will most likely  break. The sound quality is definetly a upgrade from the sades, rgb  is everywhere nowadays but it is nice to have and the mic quality is ok. For a 60 dollar headset you cant really go wrong, I would recommend these over sades any day and the upgrade is worth it. Probably the best sub 100 headset you can get at the moment. This wont compare to real surround sound or 100+ headset but you get what you pay for. If you are looking for something sub 100 then this is the one you should gey
Its great
One word: WOW.... Holy Cow, these are the nicest pair of headphones Ive ever owned... Only $60 people! These are better, WAY BETTER then my $130 pair of headphones. -Build quality: AMAZING! Very nice design, very comfortable, the padding is very soft memory foam and you dont even feel that theyre on your head, Good choice of material, doesnt feel cheap. -Packaging: Packaging doesnt really matter to me as long as an item is secured, but Corsair went all out and every shiny part on these headphones had a plastic seal on it, everything was packaged very neatly and safely, fancy packaging is all I can say. -Sound: Wow.. they sound great, noice cancelling for sure.. even with me wearing these It cancels sound very good.. Sound is very nice.. My favorite is the 7.1 Surround Sound, holy cow is it nice.. full 360 audio. -This is my second Corsair product and Im very satisfied.. Will be looking forward to getting one of the Corsair gaming mouses if/when my Razer Naga Chroma goes out... VERY GOOD PRODUCT! BUY IT!
Comfortable and sturdy
Way more comfortable than my last headset (Corsair Wireless H2100). Sound is great. Everyone on discord says I sound far better than any other headset or desk mic set up I have had. Can finally play games using auto active mic without fear of picking up key presses or background noise. Wish I would have purchased this headset years ago.
I ordered this a bit ago to use for gaming, and I love it. The only thing I dislike about it is it will loudly say "MIC ON" or "MIC OFF" whenever I mute myself using the headset. There isnt a way to change that, so if you will be annoyed by that then I wouldnt get it. The sound quality is great, and the material quality is great too. Its held up pretty well, though I dont use it every day. Id definitely buy this if you need a new headset.
Got this as a gift to finish my gaming setup and I cant complain. It has great surround sound and clarity and love the RGB personalization that can be done within the software for Corsair devices.
good.
Great, clear sound. You can hear everything so well in these. All buttons and systems responsive. Great headset for the price and I recommend it to all my friends.
I got my girlfriend a pair of these for Christmas and we loved them so much I ordered a second one for myself. Corsair never disappoints. These don’t feel cheap and they sound incredible. She streams on twitch and it doesn’t pick me up in the background :)
Using these headphones is very comfortable - you forget you are wearing headphones. I hear everything very clearly. It has a very easy USB plug in - no need to install anything to use them.
My Nephew has a corsair PC we built together and he needed a good set of headphones. These match his case very well and they feel really nice quality and sound very nice for the money I would def recommend these.
Havent used these much yet but so far I am pleased. PROS: >Very comfy >sweet RGB (customizes w/ Corsairs software) >good sound (not amazing for music, but good for gaming) >mic is good >good price CONS: >A little bulky (but light) >material doesnt feel quite as durable as other headsets Ive owned. >Controls can be hard to find, but Im sure I will get used to their placement eventually. >(obviously) would look rediculous for anything other gaming. Then again, that is what they are made for. Soooo... Overall these seem like a great buget buy and wont let you down.
Picked these up on sale, for about $49. Well worth it. High quality feel, comfort and sound. Would buy again. Catch them on sale! (Pro-tip, just place them in your ‘list’, and check back every so often. Price will drop to promote sale.) :)
Amazing I had troubles at first, but I love this thing now
This is a perfect affordable headset. Love it.
This product was referred  to me by a friend, sound quality and bass is great for music. For gaming wise it is decent kind of hard to hear surround sound wise.
Ive been using these for very long gaming sessions, like 6-7 hours and they stay comfortable the whole time. Great sound quality and the microphone holds up for discord, skype, and other voice apps. Im not thrilled with the lights, Id prefer without, but that is a minimal nitpick. These are great headphones.
like the appearance , its comfortable and fast shipping but my ear hurts when I wear it for over 3hours.
This pair of headphones is great for the price. Especially if you pair it with RGB keyboard. Sound is great and if you enable surround - it’s even better. One thing to keep in mind is that this headset is connected to a USB port, not audio. While USB availability is not a problem for most, USB port quality is. If you have a cheap USB splitter or connect to PC’s front panel USB 2.0 most probably you’ll hear a little crackling during resource demanding games. (Had this issue with World of Tanks).
I went through 2 headsets before this one a blackweb and an Astro. They both had problems and returned them to the store I bought this one and was impressed it’s lightweight it doesn’t squeeze my head and it’s really comfortable like I mean REALLY COMFORTABLE. Best headset I’ve purchased
Great choice of gaming headphones
sound is amazing nice and loud the materials look good and feel good
good quality. product deserve this price
Son loves these and so far they have been sturdy.
These headsets are amazing for long gaming sessions. My husband and I use them. He has black and I have white. These work really well in discord.
Good performance for price.
I used it for gaming and i loved the quality of the sound
So far these headphones have been fantastic!  I am a person that has completely given up on "gaming" headphones cause you just pay for the name.  I originally wanted these in 3.5mm stereo because all I wanted was a good sound, and a set I could use for my phone and all gaming systems.  I accidentally ordered the USB set and I am glad I did make that mistake, because the simulated 7.1 is actually worth it on these.  I started playing on PS4 The Division and while in the Hub I was testing the sound and I was able to pin point where the radio was in the room just by how it sounded in my ear cups.  When I was fighting waves of enemies and was wondering if the wave was finished, I heard from my left earcup the sound of feet hitting the snow and gear rattling telling me there were more enemies coming even though I could not see them.  There are collectible phones in that came that tell more of the story and I was able to find more of them because I could hear them in the distance where I was not able to hear them before. I tested the mic out on that game and my brother said it sounded more clear than my last pair, which were Turtle Beach P11, and he said it sounded like thats all he could hear was me and no noise in the background. The headset is very comfortable as well and blocks out sounds around you very well.  Some people reported the headset being too loose, but unless you are turning your head fast enough to get whiplash, rocking out to head banging metal music or have the head the size of a peanut this is not a problem at all.  I would say though because the memory foam is so good at keeping sound out, it does take a bit of getting used to talking into the mic.  What I mean by that is it gives you the feeling as if you need to talk louder cause you cant hear yourself talk, but when gaming you usually stop thinking about it and talk at normal volume anyways. Long story short this is a great headset to buy and handily beats any "gaming" headsets on the market.  I have owned Turtle Beach in the past and Razer gaming headsets and these have beaten them all handily.
These are great, very durable.  My kid ended up breaking all the inexpensive headphones I bought him.  These have lasted 4 months now with no problems
really good.
Honestly better then i was expecting
Great quality. Would like to see a detachable mic for this item.
Fantastic sound, you wont be disapointed!
Good!
The void pro is both comfortable and reliable for quality, i would deffinitely reccomend for competitive gamers who care about what they hear as much as what others hear from them
This headset is great, I recommend it, very comfortable and sound proof.
Needed a nice headset for gaming on pc and decided to go with this and its been working great so far!
They work as expected, the Corsair suite that I use to customize and tune my mouse and keyboard won’t detect them but I have read this is a known issue.
I cant hear anything else whatever is coming through this headset. Amazing. Sound quality is absolutely crystal clear. I was a bit skeptical because of the price especially for this brand. But I love them. I will swear by it for a long time.
good
I only gave this headset four stars because it is VERY loose. I have a big head and even with the sliding band closed all the way, it is silly loose on my head. The earphones rest on the top of my ears and the foam padding on the top has a gap inbetween it and my head. The surround is simulated only, not true, but they do look nice. This would be a good entry headset but if you are an audiophile, look elsewhere .
Bought it for my son! He really likes everything about this headset! Great price and fast delivery!
This is an amazing headset! Excellent sound quality, lightweight and comfortable. The issue is, since its USB, its difficult to switch between headphones and speakers hooked into your audio jack. You have to go into your Sound settings and toggle the default sound output.
With a company like Corsair, I wasn’t  expecting anything less than perfect and that is exactly what was delivered. Another wonderful product. The headset sounds perfect. The microphone pickup is superb. The button placed on the headset to mute the microphone is an added bonus that I love. Would recommend to anyone and will continue to recommend Corsair products.
These are the best headsets Ive ever owned and Ive owned pretty much all of them. They had such clear sound and a crisp clear mic that I think is so good that I use them for my YouTube videos! You will not regret getting these. Also in the app that you can get you can change of it has surround sound or stero sound, the color, and how loud or soft the mic is. 10/10 would recommend!
Good product
It was a gift and they love it
not bad in this price.
When i buy this headset i go to TOP game in Fortnite, PUBG and CSGO
What can I say? This headset is very good, definitely not regret it. The microphone is very nice, the sound as well!! I use it almost daily to stream on Twitch and I am very satisfied with how it sounds! Definitely recommend it!! :D
Good sounds, easy to use and connect and the mute and volume buttons.
They sound great. Super comfortable. The software is pretty simple to use.
They feel high quality, fit well for hours on end, and sound good. I have an average/large head, these would not be good if you have a small head. I use mine fully collapsed and they just barley fit fine. I love how they mute when pressing a button on the left speaker and I love how the mic has a read light that is easy to see when muted.
Had them for a couple months now. They are big and heavy, but are a all around good headest.  Theyre comfy enough to not notice the weight.
I like the logitech g633 and g430 are great headsets too...these are pretty nice as well...
Ive owned other head set and this is by far the best one yet the quality is exceptional great sound just the right everything. Price is good for the product they are made very well and sound has a high quality out put. Id highly recommend this headset for anyone who wants a good set for less money. My son has been using this brand for over 3 years now and they sound and work just as they did the day he opened the box and started using them. Great product.
BEST QUALITY FOR THIS PRICE
No issues so far with the headset. Need more time to completely evaluate.
Huge upgrade from my Astro A10s. Loving these.
very comfortable, using it more than 8 hours per day without feeling pressure on the ears.
Extremely comfortable, well made, and sounds amazing! No complaints!
Great sound! Ive been told my voice on this is so much better than my old logitech G35 i think it was called, either way for the price, you get your moneys worth, also very sturdy
Love the noise cancelling, A little heavy feeling but I would recommend to anyone looking for great sound
BEST
Good choice for playing fps game,comfortable and light ,nice.
This is a great headset. The sound is really good, the build quality is amazing, and the mic is damn good for a headset. The first thing i noticed was the build quality. I had a $40 Logitech headset before this one and it felt like it would break if it fell off your desk. (it did) This headset is super solid and you can tell just by holding it that it isnt gonna break easily. The sound is pretty damn good, nothing crazy, but pretty damn good. The microphone is WAAAY better than my old logitech set, and theres no weird static-y sound when listening to my recordings. I mean, its not a standalone mic, and its rather thin sounding, but for a headset, its damn good. Id definitely recommend this headset to anybody looking for a decent headset in this price range.
I bought these to replace my old Turtle Beach headset because the mic was going out on them. These are excellent for gaming and the mic comes through very clearly. They arent top notch as far as audio quality. Not very good for music but are good for competitive gaming. For the price, they are hard to beat.
Very nice headset. Not perfect, but I dont plan on spending over 100 dollars on just a headset. It is very comfortable and looks great. It has the best sound out of any headset Ive had yet, and the surround is terrific. Buttons are on the headset to adjust volume, mute mic, enable/disable surround, and more; the perfect setup. Wish the mic was better, as my friends say my $25 headsets have better mics, but atleast the sound is FAR better.
Fit is perfect (albeit too loose for some) and the mic sounds great. The audio sounds.. off.. and the EQ presets just dont seem right and I havent been able to configure a set I like. The midrange seems perfect, however, as I can pick up in-game sounds like footsteps much clearer.
good
Only real downside is that you cannot make them an even smaller size. They do tend to slide forward when you tilt your head forward because of their weight and the fact that they are made so large. Comfortable for extended use though. And work well. Sleek too.
Comfortable, quality feel, good mic sound, great sound
Sounds and feels amazing :D.
I an amateur audiophile I have much better headsets that I use for listening to records. Needed something to use while online gaming. I was shocked when the audio quality matched some of my pricier cans. From what my friends tell me the microphone quality is also top notch...  Its also quite frankly very cool looking and sturdy build quality. Will use corsair for all my future gaming needs!
best of the best
Exactly what I wanted. Good comfortability and sound quality. Mic is clear on other end from what Ive been told.
Just picked it up today. It was very comfortable out of the box, I was able to handle a 4 hour session without any discomfort, before having to get off for unrelated reasons. 7.1 surround sound is very nice, and a must for gaming. Audio quality is crisp and clear, but by no means as good as my AKG studio headphones. However, the audio is more than good for gaming. The construction feels very solid without being too heavy. And it is an all around good gaming headset, at a decent price point.
Good very nice headset
good
Good
This was the second headset I gifted a friend (first was a Razer Kraken which broke in 3 years), and he said this one is more comfortable and he likes the ease of use when muting the mic vs the razer. On my end I think it’s stylish, love the spectrum of lights , and I can hear him clear when we play games.
Plasticky but light Sound quality is great for gaming
I gave it to my brother as a gift for Christmas last year and he loves them! He says the sound quality is amazing.
People putting bad reveiws on this are wrong. This is an amazing headset and deserves more credit then it gets. People are complaining because there software isnt working or the mic peice broke off. Well first of all unless your on console you should have a studio microphone. So get a mic like a yeti or a snowball. And the program, either reinstall it or just update it. Simple. Stupid people are just stupid.
Excelent . My son like it very much. Quality sound for gaming
I bought these due to my Corsair wireless set’s battery eventually wearing out and the charge port failed.  No chance of that happening with this set. Comfortable and great sound.
Is Corsair! U want something good, but not too expensive?  Get this ones! Great software audio 7.1 and very big bass if u set that in the software. Very Solid, clear sounds. No distortions. I see 3 movies of Star Wars in max Volume and Epic sounds explosions and no sound distortions too. Add Warranty u never know.
Highly recommend, my first headset and it’s so good for the price and super comfortable. The mics and sound is amazing
Pros: -Very Comfortable, Doesnt get uncomfortable after extended wearing periods -Mic is very clear to friends, foam cap very nice addition to headset. (Small amounts of tweaking was required to get full sound quality, but it works just fine) -Software for customization is easy to use and does not require a beefy computer Cons: -Earcups do not press hard enough at bottom, creating a small unsealed bit -Cable is not braided, and is too long. (Became very annoying as my legs became tangled up in cords) -Headset very easy to shake off -Glossy plastic on sides of headset are fingerprint magnets and arent very pretty when youve got a layer of skin oil on them.
Satisfied. Sound is comparable to my $200 headset. I am pleased with this ourchsse after two days.
Other than the wire feeling flimsy its great!
Works great
I really liked my Logitech G430 headset, though it would feel heavy and uncomfortable after a while. My puppy chewed them up, so I tried this Corsair headset - all my other accessories are Corsair and I love their stuff. I was, and still am, blown away by how GOOD these are. They sound amazing - in Discord, people sound like theyre right next to me (good and bad, depending on who it is). They are extremely light and comfortable. I have never had to adjust them even after a few hours of smiting the Horde in Alterac Valley. Theyre even really good for listening to music. They have a USB-only connection, which Id never had before. Ill never go back. There is absolutely no buzz, and its easy to just unplug them and hang em out of reach of the puppy after gaming. I also really like that they tie into the same Corsair software that also manages my Corsair MMO mouse. And its kinda cool - when you plug them in or start up the computer, theres a voice that says "Microphone on." Corsair really makes great stuff. This headset just reinforced my loyalty to their peripherals. Definite recommend.
The product itself is great. It feels comfortable, sound quality is outstanding, and it feels sturdy. They are a little bulky which makes putting them away when not in use, a pain. You can download software (SW) to fully take advantage of the headset and change the lights on. However when I did this, it complete caused my hard computer to completely lock up 3 separate occasions. Causing me to have to do a hard shut down in my computer. Since I uninstalled the SW, my computer hasnt had an issue.
Awesome gift.
This pair of headphones by the company that makes almost anything, Corsair, is quite decent. The sound is alright, literally is much better than the puny Turtle Beach Recon 60P that was wearing out, audio-wise.  I can run it at half the audio of the old one. Adjustable audio is sweet. I will point out that I am deaf and use implants. (Jokes and trolls aside...) I do have a issue and that is the weight is quite hefty and it pushes on my implants’ processor units so I have to adjust time to time gently or it’ll start stinging my ears when I let off too quickly. I have to get the head fine-adjustment arms to the point where the weight feels lesser and it’ll be fine for longer. Otherwise, it’s a decent product. I know it hurts, I’ll be looking for a lighter backup, but in the meantime, I’ll trudge through the pain of the weight.
Id argue the best bang for the buck for a wireless headset
I think I got these on sale. Regardless, they perform beautifully. My boyfriend always raves about them and loves these to play Fortnite lol. Very user friendly and durable
Super sad that these did not work with my console, but from wearing them I can tell you that they’re the most comfortable headphone I have ever put on. Build quality is amazing. Great product
The headphones sound great, but they are always falling off of my desk and the metal connecting the earpecice to the rest of the headset sure did take a beating...
I have tried a few other gaming headsets and they always weighed so much I would get headaches after an hour. This pair is wonderfully light sitting on my head. The sound quality is amazing and with the included Corsair interface, can be adjusted to suit anyone’s listening style. I highly recommend this product for anyone looking for a gaming or even just music headset.
Nice!!
Arrived fast, works great.
These are really nice sounding headphones, just got them and Im amazed that they do get 7.1 Dolby Surround. RGB is cool. And the mic is nice too. Im not complaining about these headphones and you probably wont either. I highly recommend them. Theyre really comfy too.
Comfortable, Great Sound. Not 100% perfect
Excellent. Product.  Super.  Comfortable. Great sound.  Great mic.  A must buy.  5.  Stars.
This headset is amazing in its price bracket. I was able to use a friends for a few hours before buying my own. I have worn this headset for up to 6 hours with no discomfort. It works seamlessly with discord. I would highly recommend this headset to anyone.
very solid headset
For the price it is good. Its a shame though some features were removed such as putting the mic upward muting it, and etc. Though for the price its godly.
Thanks
I use these all the time - seem to be very well made - quite heavy  - good sound quality
Not a single problem with them
Sounds is great for the cost and microphone works well. The ear foam shape makes it easy to wear these a long time without problems.
Great amazing no issues what so ever.
Great headset but dont buy it if youre using for PS4 or Xbox. Theres a different version of this same headset for it.
Got these for my 11 year old, was going to go to Best Buy but they were double the price so I decided to try this company and hes telling me that they work better than any of the others that hes ever tried
Ive never seen such headsets. When you play a game you are just inside of it! even when you listen to a music it makes an illusion that you are right there! Amazing performance!!
Love them!
This is a great gaming headset. Clear, crisp sound, easy to set up and use. About what youd expect from Corsair.
So comfortable, good quality.. If I wouldve known these were going to be this good I wouldve splurged for the wireless. Friends say my mic sounds better than my previous headset too.
These were purchased for my teen, and he has loved them.  Seem to be lasting even with rough treatment (most likely).
Los audífonos son de buen material casi no hay plástico,el micrófono es muy bueno y se escucha muy bien
i bought this item as a gift to my little brother. i taught him how to setup windows so he can listen to his microphone to hear the voice quality of the mic. he was horrified by how bad the sound was. when i visited i fixed it for him. the audio setting for the mic was set to phone quality. the lowest quality possible. fresh windows install with all updates btw. you have to fix the mic settings manually from windows otherwise great product. he loves it so far
Works great, audio is perfect! We play W.O.W and sounds great!
firstly I would necessarily say shipment. it it faster than my expectation!!!!! and then about quality, I dont need say anything. just listen.
Little quiet on the mic but good
All good
Excelente producto.. necesito..la factura del mismo
Purchased these a couple months ago - theyve been working great thus far. The only frame of reference I have for these are a forgettable (and forgotten) off-brand USB set and the Logitech G933 Wireless set. The G933s were just horrid, though I believe that was entirely due to the wireless dongle. Seems to be the case with most wireless headsets. Pros: - INCREDIBLY comfortable. Even my girlfriend (who also got a set) who swore off headsets due to discomfort can wear these comfortably - Can adjust widely enough for eggheads like me - No connectivity issues due to being hardwired to rig - Great sound quality - Some degree of soundstage - Microphone works flawlessly and flexes as needed - RGB settings are easy to set up in software - Lovely minimalist design with Corsairs logo - The only two controls you need: microphone mute and volume up/down wheel. Cons: - Volume leaves a little to be desired. Since its USB powered only, its only capable of putting out so much. Maybe theres a way to improve this? - Cord be a little longer and/or modular - Could actually be TOO big or feel a little loose for people with below-average sized heads
very comfortable to wear for long periods of time. completely engulfs the ears and doesnt squeeze them in any way. also feels sturdy but not heavy . im a lot happier with this than i thought i would be . got a friend to buy one too and he feels the same way. you need to install free software to use the 7.1 surround sound option . im not crazy with led lights on computer accessories, but the lights on this are small and are helpful when youre using them in the dark and need to set the headset down.
The headset is pretty comfortable and good for its kind, I highly recommend if you have the extra cash to get the wireless RGB one though. Sound quality is clear and consistent, as well with mic quality when using discord.
My boyfriend loves them
headset sounds awesome and people say the mic sounds great.  when you download the software from corsair there is alot of features you can use to improve the headset even more.  7.1 surround sounds awesome. I also like that there is a womans voice that tells you when you mute the mic, turn on surround ect..
Good
Awesome!@
Love them. Comfortable on my large 63 300lb head. good sound and directional audio. RGB is meh, theres not alot there just the corsair logo. but i was looking for subtle. The mic is fine, no issues on discord(voice chat). I wish I had spent the extra money for the wireless.
Great features and settings! Works well for any situation: MMOs, FPS games, skype, Discord, Netflix, etc SUPER comfortable The microphone is REALLY good, my friends can hear me breathing... LEDs are nice
Amazing headset! 10/10 comfort. Audio quality is about 9/10. Would recommend!
Good
Flawless. Great surround. Mic is clear as day. Comfortable as hell. Very satisfied with this buy,
Looks great, works great, and the build quality is excellent. Corsair provides excellent products, I use this on my streaming PC while my gaming PC has the wireless equaivalent. Both are excellent! RGBs are nice and Bright and easy to use.
Really good headset on almost everything , the only bad thing is its too big , it falls with slight moves even though my head is as big as a watermelon
CLEAR AUDIO AMAZING PRICE I EXPECTED NOTHING LESS FROM CORSAIR (EVEN MIC IS PRETTY GOOD)
Comfortable and solid, great sound quality.
Plugged it in and it worked!
Nice performance and design, comfortable
Great headset, but the lighting setting dont apply unless the utility app is actively running. So when I lock my computer they light up at max brightness. My computer is in my bedroom. I have to put a shirt or something on top of them before I go to bed so the light doesnt keep me up.
Pretty good. they sound great and are very comfortable. the mic quality is awesome. cable isnt super long (which Im okay with). the only downside i have is that they dont have much clamping force on your head so they tend to slide around and fit a bit lose. If you have a smaller head this might be worse for you. other than that i love these. ******UPDATE 5-2_2018******  If you want to use these on your ps4 they will work but you have to sit close to your system ( again something Im okay with since I play my ps4 at my desk). Also if you mute the mic on your pc it will be muted on the ps4 and since the mic mute button doesnt work on ps4 you have to plug your headset back into the pc, turn the mic off, then plug it back into the ps4 and you should be good. if it still doesnt work you will have to plug your headset into your pc and A: roll back the drivers or b: reinstall drivers, then un-mute the mic. This might be a huge issue for some of you. It doesnt really bother me since almost always have my mic on anyway. Im keeping the score I gave it since these arent marketed as a PS4 headset but it still works pretty well despite the mic button issue. The sound and mic quality on ps4 are just as good on pc.
I love this head set! Use it for gaming and work. Pros: it sounds great in most applications and games RGB is configurable Lots of preset EQ settings Looks good Cons: has a crackle sound at times. Bad mic location Mic picks up brealhing from nose without wind filter Overall this is a decent headset and worth the money I spent on it. I did buy this product on sale for 49.99 I would not buy it at the aking price of $80 but for $50 this is hard to beat.
Easy to hook up. Very good sound. The sound actually seems to be above my head. Hard to explain but its not between my ears. Very good sound for gaming.
First headset had faulty left ear cup, and amazon replacement blazing fast. The sound is great, adjust to your liking to any game with software in EQ profiles. The ear cup materials are nice mesh material an soft, no pain from eyewear or tightness. Mic is great, but dont expect studio quality which many do, its exceptional so its nice. For Surround sound download the software its needed, tested in KF2, Overwatch, Dayz, Fortnite and sound direction is easy to pick up. A great buy for a great quality headset.
Totally worth the money I forked over.
Gaming mice are highly subjective.  This one fits me and seems to be perfect.  YMMV But, build quality is not subjective.  The cord, mouse wheel, buttons and mouse housing are fantastic.  The aluminum housing is noticeable and just fantastic. I dont use too many color features since my favorite color is orange and I just leave it on that, but they are there if you want them.
Works as intended, sound is crisp, mic is clear, covers whole ear, very comfy cushioning. Just a tad bit bulky but I can live with that.
Like, so comfortable. I didnt ever know I was wearing a headset
My son has Gone through a few headsets and these are holding up nicely and are used nearly everyday for the last several months.
nice item
Son super cómodos y en largas jornadas de juego no se sienten el único defecto es que ni aísla bien el sonido exterior
These are some pretty nice feeling headphones with some nice sounds quality. I think its the biggest bang for the buck, just wish they had a little more thud to the bass, but its perfect for the price!
I bought this to replace my busted, duct taped headset.  I really like how light it grips your head, It stays on without being uncomfortable in the long term.  The mic is also way better than it needs to be, to the point that I use it for voice overs in a pinch.
very nice product for the price
Had to replace a well worn pair of Logitechs. I originally purchased a very high end set of competitor headphones, but they ran small and had limited size adjustment. I have a medium size adult head and ears. As other reviewers have mentioned, these headphones run on the larger side. The larger size works well for me because I tend to wear my headphones for multiple hour sessions. I think this could be a good match for those who like to wear caps. Sound quality seems good as I can definitely hear a better range of sound when listening to music compared to my last set. I havent played around with equalizer settings, but the voids seem to do well at the mid-range of sound. Microphone seems to work fine, just make sure to remove the protective film from the factory. Minor deduction as the cord does tangle easily. In terms of value for the money, the Void Pros are hard to beat.
Great product the only thing i dont like about it is the glossy finish on the side you notice fingerprints right away
great product
Very good directional sounds in game (PUBG)
Sounds great, perfect for price
I was a gaming headphone skeptic, but I’m impressed by the comfort and sound quality of this headset.
Goody good
The mic hand seems kind of cheap and flimsy and non-braided cable. sounds pretty good but the Dolby setting in the cue makes it sound stretched i havent tried it in game yet. and when i plugged it in a startup sound activates and when i muted my mic some audio assistant says mic muted and even when i disabled it theres still a kind of obnoxious sound when i mute and when you change settings in the cue.
Comfortable,good for the price but not the best
VERY GOOD
This headset is good, it sounds awesome that is for sure, the microphone is less than stellar but it works. The Corsair "Vengeance" series is definitely better if you are willing to spend a little more.
Great deal for a great product. I have a Corsair mouse and the same, love this game brand. Superior than others!
Youll be able to hear every voice crack of the children yelling racial slurs at you in the PUBG waiting area. 10/10
Wish it had more bass. Pairs great with my K70.
This Headset is Amazing! It is incredibly comfortable, it sounds amazing, and the lights link up beautifully with my Corsair Keyboard and Mouse! Id recommend this Headset to Everyone, even if you dont own other Corsair products this is still a Great addition to any setup!
very good!
Beautiful sound, dolby atmos and 7.1 audio is virtual not native, but it still delivers a very clear and crisp, punchy sound so definitely still worth the buy.
They work right out of the box. Plugged into computer and work right away. I can listen and be heard in Discord just fine. I didnt find the corsair software to be difficult to use. A lot of ppl complain about it in corsair product reviews. Another con a lot of ppl bring up is how the headset doesnt grip your head very tightly. This is true but unless youre head banging to metal music idk why this would be a problem. A very good product for the price.
Comfortable on the ears and doesnt cause moisture to develop (cause thats just gross). Lights are very nice -- especially with other Corsair products.
Good
It is better than I expected. Really good quality and performance, the sound is really good.
Overall, Im satisfied with the product, but the USB cord comes out of the left side of the headset, my PC is to the right of me. So I have to deal with a cord draping over my arms while playing, minor inconvenience, but somewhat agitating. If I had known that, I would have ordered the wireless version.
great headset
Works great as soon as you plug it in. Great mic, no complaints in discord. You have to play with the equalizer to get bass though, but I got them to sound close to my bassy Sony XB headphones. Comfortable and light too.
This are very well made and the sounds quality is quite good.  I bought this for use on Skype and Webex calls since I am there all the time.  Quality of sound as well as microphone is very good.  They are fairly comfortable, but big so they can get hot after a while. Biggest issue is they just seem too big.  I do not have a big head (I dont think), but even fully closed, they are at the right spot on my ears.  Not sure who would have a head big enough to want to open these up, but you can.  And along with that, they do move around and slide just a bit as you move your head, thats kind of bad when youre typing and have multiple monitors.  But I got used to them and made them work.  Probably overkill for my needs.  They are very quiet too, so blocks out background noise.  If you bend down or look down, they can easily slide off your head even when properly adjusted.
Beautiful headset for the price. Quality product
Great sound quality and fits comfortably around my ears
its 7/10
This headphone is really comfortable
Great product and have no big issues with it.
Great sound and lighting. Mic works great. Dropped them once and part of the headphone broke so not the most durable but still a great product overall
great sound, great mic!
Good timing, good prices. My product has no problem but well, shipping was late a little bit
Got them today and immediately noticed a difference. I had a logitech g430, but this thing blows it out of the water. I was able to hear small details ingame the I never could before. In Rainbow six Seige I was able to roam easily without worrying about being snuck up on. Definitely helps with game sense. Also very well made. Metal is incorporated into the head band and the padded is very comfortable.
Great Gaming headset!! so comfortable and has a great sound. Volume button didnt work, but Amazon was very nice and gave me a gift card without returning the headset. Great!!!
Im so happy to using this one. +1 : 7.1 surround sound works great! +1 : Pretty LED at both side and can change color or lighting pattern +2 : This headsets earcup doesnt push my ear and my glass. no pain! +2 : it looks good idea that change sound preset by simply push volume dial (at back of left earcup) -1 : Mic Mute button works well but make dangling noise im not tested mic voice to others yet, but ill update if i do test. Hope next model have active noise cancling. then it can be perfact headset
Was a gift from my wife, amazing sound!! And i love the software with easy presets to the amps!
$150 headset for the price of only $80~ (taxes and shipping) A definite must-have. If you are a gamer on a budget this is what you want. The RGB is kinda pointless because you personally can not see it whatsoever, but I guess if someone walks in your room and sees it theyll think "Why do they need a headset that lights up?" The colors are vivid and bright, the sound quality is amazing on the high and low end, the mic quality is also on-par with more expensive options.
For the money these are great. No problems so far.
I purchased this for my son when it was on sale for $59. My 12 year old son who loves to play online with his school buddies loved it so much that he has made this headphones his primary go to headphones. He has it mainly connected to his PS4. He also uses it on his PC. It is light weight and very flexible. The headphone cups are some kind of sweat resistant fabric that is soft. The Corsair logo on the sides are RGB. You can control the different color schemes with the Corsair software on your PC only. The mic has a flexible arm. The material on the top of the head is also sweat resistant fabric with memory foam. Overall he is very satisfied with the quality of the headphones. The only downside of it is that the cable is very soft and sometimes it twists together and locks up and you have to take the time to untwist it.
These are good headphones. To me theyre definitely worth the price on sale. They work, theyre super comfortable, and they have a very high quality feel to them. The microphone is great, and the RGB is a nice touch. I have few small complaints about them though: - Theyre very loose; tight enough to stay on my head unless I do any mild headbanging. (This is probably why theyre so comfortable though.) - The RGB doesnt match other Corsair peripherals! Certain colors match pretty well, but others are blatantly different. - The cable isnt braided. This would have been a nice feature at its price point. Overall though: great, comfy, quality headphones. Im glad I bought them!
After five months of use they still work great, however with windows constantly up dating drivers for some reason either have to be reinstalled or patched through the corsair app. Can wear for a few hours at a time with no problem Felt material breaths quite well reducing sweat VERY light weight cant really tell im wearing it, for me at least and the noise cancellation is great bought upon friends request and dont regret the decision.
pros comfortable nice sound for games cons almost no bass for music if you move your head too fast it will fall off not much of a strong grip but its not that important because youndont nove your head while gaming much and the dolby surround not really doing something so that also but for the price its pretty good
I Love this headset got it and it perfect .
I cant hear anything outside of these headphones they are comfey and have great sound quality
I mainly bought these headphones because theyre the only things I could find under 100USD with no faux leather. My previous pair of HyperX Cloud 1s started peeling after about 4/5 years of usage so first I replaced the earcups, but Kingston doesnt sell replacement headbands, and according to other forum boards replacing the headband is quite a hassle, something I didnt wanna risk. Pros: No faux leather, the headband and earcups are all using mesh material. Thanks to this mesh material I wont have to worry about peeling faux leather and having to purchase replacement earcups or headbands. Mesh headband and earcups are super comfortable, Ive had some extreme days where Ive worn these for 8-10 hours and nothing on my head was sore or in pain. The dedicated mute button is handy for the mic, and the included pop filter really makes a difference on the mic as well. RGB is nice, with different modes ranging from "breathing" to just a normal on mode. Sound quality is nice thanks to the 7.1 "surround sound" not sure if its authentic but it does make a huge and audible difference. Cons: USB connection, although its "plug and play" if you wish to actually use the headphones to their full potential youll need to download Corsairs software. iCue is garbage from my experience, although I can change the color of the headphone RGB. If I minimize the software and wish to reopen it, it will freeze then crash resulting in me having to start it up again. Reinstallations have solved nothing and neither have reboots. Triangle earcups give this a super goofy look, not sure why they didnt stick with tried and true oval cups.
Extreeeemely comfortable! These headphones fit very well if you have a big head like mine. They don’t squeeze, and while the noise cancellation isn’t the best I’ve ever had it is good enough for me. The sound is great as well.
it is very good. next time ill try the wireless one.
Nice quality headset
I did not buy this headset on amazon, but this is the best headset so far I bought for gaming. It is so comfortable and seats on your ears soft without any squeezing which  most of the headsets do! The best product for the price!
I love this product most comfortable headset I have ever worn great mic quality and great sound quality
Not a h1500 but super close the sound in there are better the my beats studios or my husband boss qc25. Mic is clear and the pad breat very nice for long wear. Muff rotation is down not up so lose volume if around your neck. The 7.1 is great and bass is really good. Play with the mixer google some settings. You can quick switch though them by pressing in volume switch in.
Not bad for a gaming headset. The noise cancellation is so good to the point you actually dont know if youre talking normally or talking really loud. I will say the mic could be better in terms of picking up sound.
My boyfriend has a full Corsair set and I wanted to get him a new headset for Christmas (since I broke his previous one). After going through all the headsets out there, I decided to choose this one. He was absolutely thrilled. The sound quality is fantastic. The audio through the mic is crisp and doesnt pick up every single background noise. Its a solid headset for the price -- and a must if youre already invested in Corsair gear. It also does a great job at noise cancelling while wearing, as he seems to never hear a word I say!
Have had these for over a year now and Im truly impressed with them.  The sound quality is outstanding, as well as the build quality.  Im not exactly gentle with the headset and Id be lying if I said these havent been flung at a wall during some souls and sekiro runs. The bass/depth in these are amazing, kinda ruined trying out other headsets for me.  I tried making the switch to wireless headsets not too long ago and I was paying more than double than what these cost and the sound quality did not compare. The headset is extremely comfy too and I have a pretty large head. The cushion across the band is amazing, I never get that pain on the top of my head that I would while wearing other headsets for an extended amount of time. All in all, you cannot go wrong with these headphones, whether youre looking for a good beginner pair or you a want to save some money without compromising on quality. You cannot go wrong with these.
At first I thought I had a bad set because nothing worked, but then I discovered by accident that to TURN ON the headphones, i had to press and hold the start button on the headset down for about 3 seconds.  After that, everything was perfectly. You turn them off the same way.  They are a bit heavy, but the sound quality is terrific and its so nice to be able to walk around the room untethered to anything.  The only improvement I would suggest is that they make the operating instructions more clear: PRESS POWER BUTTON DOWN FOR 3 SECONDS TO TURN ON.  That would keep dummies like me from writing bad review just because we werent familiar with the process...  Actually, Im using them now on duolingo to learn french, and they are GREAT!
Muy cómodos y buen volumen. Buen balance entre graves y agudos. No me gustó que el cable no es trenzado y se me queda un poco corto ya que lo conecto en el usb de la parte trasera del pc y unos audifonos genericos chinos tenían un cable mas largo. Si haces un mismo producto en version inalambrica y en versión con cable pues porque ponerle un cable corto a la version con cable corsair?. Si uno no elige la inalambrica es porque puede lidiar con el cable o lo prefiere nmms.
Mic works well and the earcups fit comfortably.
These are comfortable for wearing extended periods of time and are relatively light weight a compared to other headsets. The RGB is a nice affect as well.
This headset has great sound quality and the RGB looks nice. Different audio presets is very useful while switching applications or tasks. It is missing a feature that my turtle beach headset had, and that is being able to adjust chat audio and game audio on the headset. Its still easy to prioritize Discord audio over game sound via sound mixer, just not as convenient as a scroll wheel. Overall, a great headset for the price.
I actually use this for work as I work from home, but I love it.
Bought these after my dog decided to have my Razer Krakens as a snack. That headset was a few years old and I needed a reason to buy a new headset anyway. I got these and honestly. Theyre pretty great. They have a weighty feel to them, a quality feel. The ear cups fit nicely over my big ass head. The USB cord seems durable. Overall, Id recommend these.
Very comfortable for long periods, great sound.
No complaints works great used them for 6weeks now all is well everything still working great.
The sound quality is amazing! I have not used this product online with friends yet, so I do not know how well the microphone works; but I bought this headset because a friend said that they liked it and the microphone worked perfectly. I would recommend this headset to anybody that is looking for one.
The sound is good with 5 different customizable settings, says my son. The built in microphone, however is not so great. It transmits static and picks up the users breathing.
Love basically everything about this headset. It doesnt hurt your head after hours of wear (I have worn it through 12 hour streams without problems), the RGB colors are a nice touch, and the microphone quality is really exceptional for the price.  My only concern is that I am a female and the headset seems to be way too large for my head. Normally this wouldnt be a problem with proper adjusting of the headset, but unfortunately even the "smallest" settings are rather large, and the speakers dont rest snug on my ears. I feel like the audio has thus been a bit of a downgrade because of the fit.  Makes my life a bit difficult when playing PUBG.
Love this product, comparable quality as the Logitech G430 but more stylish and slightly more comfortable (softer pads). Only complaint: cable is a bit short and is not braided.
Good audio. first time it didnt work, had to repair the driver. almost refunded it. but its good.
Super comfortable. Crisp clear sound and great control over mic
Great sound and quality but doesnt fit my head too snug, but still comfortable.
Perfect budget mouse for people with huge heads. I wear a XL hat size and this headset is a little to big for me at its smallest size, so anyone with a normal or small head could never wear these.
Fast shipping, great product. Came better than expected!
Amazing! Only a slight complaint that they are very wide from ear to ear. Dont turn your head too fast.
Good price for product and works good. At first I thought it came defected but after researching around a bit. I found that Realtek audio with this headset for some reason automatically sets the sound quality to telephone which makes your voice very very static and unclear. Other than that headset is works great.
CORSAIR VOID PRO RGB USB Gaming Headset very nice
Great comfortable, great sound, don’t hear anything outside of heasphones.
Not amazing, very good though. Fits a little loose around the bottom of the ears. Sounds great. Can hear outside ambient noises around you.
Im amazed with the quality for the price. Was worried it wouldnt fit my big head but these fit perfect the sound is crisp the comfort on the ear pads are soft. Just great all around
These are one of the most comfortable and affordable headphones I have had in a long time
Works well
Overall I am very pleased with this headset.The noise cancellation is great! I dont have air conditioning in my home and I usually have a fan on high blowing right next to me.With previous headsets everybody complained about the wind tunnel next to me and I either had to mute my mic or just suffer from the heat,but thats no longer a problem with this headset!. The mic quality is pretty good and so is the surround sound,can hear sounds coming from different directions easily,so it really helps in gaming. Only thing I dislike is that its a little heavy and after prolonged use it does make my left ear feel a little sore. Overall comfort would be a 4/5 but everything else is a 5/5!
The best headset after trying four different headset. Must buy. Very satisfied.
Works very well when paired with Dolby Atmos for headphones. Mic input also sounds very good
Great for gaming even when wearing it for a long time.
GREAT HEADPHONES!!!!!!!!! Work amazingly, sound range is nice, colors are pretty, and the 7.1 is accurate.
good
Its a pretty good headset not really the best for recording videos with audio. This is more of a use for gaming and talking too friends
Decent headphones for the price. Microphone is okay. The digital surround sound is kinda a joke, but it does work great in stereo.
Good~~~~!!
Good head phones
Great headset.
This is so comfortable I can wear this for hours on end and feel no discomfort unlike my turtle beach headset that literally hurts my head to the point where I dont where it anymore at all. The audio quality is awesome and it cancels out outside noise surprisingly well. Additionally, there is a mute button on the headset for easy access and volume adjustment as well. A red strip lights up on the mic once you mute it so you can easily know if you are muted or not. And of course RGB! You can use corsairs icue software to customize your rgb and such. Pros: Very comfortable for long use Fits large heads Audio quality is great Price is good RGB! Easy to access mute button and volume adjustment Cons: It doesnt stay on your head when you shake but it doesnt matter like whos gonna violently shake their head while gaming or watching a movie LOL
Good deal and work really good! I can hear all the small sounds while playing games and feel amazing when using for a long time.
Sounds amazing although some applications sounds kinda weird, but overall really good performance. Material is pretty resistant and it is really comfy. The mic isnt really outstading, Ive owned cheap mics with better voice quality.
I love this headset. My only gripe is that every headset these days looks ridiculous, like they are made for 12 year olds. For the love of god Corsair, can you make a headset without RGB lights and one that doesnt look like an alien spaceship? Give us a minimalist option. The Corsair branded software for their products is pretty useless as well. You can get just about as good of a mix with Windows mixer settings. Please place a mic output slider in your software, whats the point of even having it if mixer settings do the same thing? Its just bloatware at its current state.
The main reason I am giving these 5 stars is because I have a sensitive jaw and tight headphones cause me a lot of pain. While these do have some tension, the mostly just softly rest on your cheeks, so theyve worked very well for me.
I am recommend it to my friend, he will buy it too. This is good for gaming and even for streaming! The price for this headphone and for this quality is very cheap!
Best headphones for the price hands down. This is pretty much on par with my friends $200 beats. Yeah its usb but when your gaming for hours, you dont have to worry about to charge it.
this is really nice and mush better then my old corse hair. it has a switch to control volume and it comfy and has really nice sound quality
So far I am liking the headset a lot.  Its not too cumbersome on the head and can be worn for hours without becoming uncomfortable.  The microphone and speaker sound quality is good, and it cancels sound very well. The only thing I dont like is that its wired.  The wire is long enough to not be a huge problem... but my previous headset was wireless, so its a bit of adjusting.  I just couldnt afford to drop the extra $20 bucks on the wireless version this time around.
This Headset is ONLY for Gaming! very very comfortable, A terrible wire!! best Noise cancellation i ever tested.
I tend to sit down and game for and extended period of time when I get the chance. Often times the headset gets heavy towards the middle of the gaming session. The cushioned band on top alleviates this problem and still delivers on the performance it promised!
I use mine for WoW raiding, three hours at a time. They sound good and are much more comfortable than my old headset.
This product cuts-the-mustard!
It is nice but heavy.
Audio quality is great but there’s next to no noise cancellation and the wire always ties itself around itself....go with the wireless ones!
Great headset that definitely gets a 10/10 from me. Very comfortable, and with a free downloadable program you can fine tune settings of your headset in a user friendly way. Sound and mic are very clear and high quality. Would buy again and will certainly get more products from Corsair!
Very pleased. Good bang for the buck.
work good not great...
Great head set, Loved the sound, great for FPS games.
Heavier that i would have liked.
Sound great. Light weight.
The headset is a bit big if you have a small hard but works great would recomend the buy for any fan of corsair looking for a quality headset
Confy for long wear. Very little ambient noise pickup. Worthwhile purchase. Better than razer headsets.
Very decent set of gaming headphones for the money. I do wish the mic was more flexible, but oh well, cant really complain.
I bought these as a gift for my husband and he LOVES them. The sound quality is amazing. I bought these after looking at many different reviews for gaming headphones and this one has amazing quality. It is so well put together and the sound is incredible. When you game with other people, the quality of your voice is also impeccable. I was very impressed and pleased with these headphones and intend to get another set for myself.
Great quality!
very nice
These are awesome, comfortable and great sound quality. Can play for hours with no is comfort!
The surround is fantastic for fps games where you need to know where theyre shooting from. The bass is AMAZING for music, but im not an audiophile so take that how you will. The only real problem I have with these is that theyre kiiiinda heavy, so i find myself keeping them around my neck for the most part because the weight gets to me over time.
great price
Bought these for my husband for Christmas for PC gaming. He personally likes corded headphones, since he has had trouble with Bluetooth headphones in the past. He loves these! Noise cancellation and sound are fantastic. Gave 4 star review upon his recommendations for comfort and headphone settings. He said that after a couple hours of wearing the headphones, they start to become uncomfortable around his ears. The headphone settings all sound the same no matter how he adjusts them, but great sound and quality nonetheless!
I’ve always seemed to have decent luck with Corsair products. From PC cases to RAM to RGB lighting and much more. Always good quality for a reasonable price point. This gaming headset is no exception to that. They are very comfortable and cancel out 99.9% of unwanted ambient noise. My only complaint is that the USB cable could be just a tad bit longer, but that is a minor inconvenience at most. All in all I would highly recommend these to any serious PC enthusiast or gamer. You won’t be disappointed.
5 stars. Would definitely recommend. Only part I would give a heads up on is you will need to change the recording settings on your computer for your friends to be able to hear you in game chat. Defaults to the lowest audio quality. (computer issue, not headphone)
when ever I downloaded corsair I Q software it changed my my quality to telephone quality so I  uninstalled it and change the mic quality to DVD quality and now my friends can hear me better
Sound good and have a good quality mic.
I’ve been using these for about 6 months. They’re loud and the voice quality is great (so the people who are listening say.) I replaced my G430’s, needing something louder. These did not disappoint.
I like these. Works great for the price. Do not get bluetooth headphones for PC gaming.
A month in or so. These have been great. Comfortable & cute. Wish they went a little louder but that’s a minor gripe I suppose bc ear health etc.
Doesnt play nice with Windows 10. Cant control mic mute on headset or Corsair app have to go into sound settings to turn on and off. Sound is good fit is loose
Great headset but weal mic voice
Very nice gaming headset at this price. Its comfortable, stylish, sounds good. I think it could have used more RGB lights and the microphone quality can be higher, otherwise no complains.
Like I said in the headline, the surround sound is extremely simulated.... don’t use it unless you want to feel like your in an echo chamber. The stereo mode works flawless however. I might also add the mic works as advertised. It doesn’t “cancel” out sound like it says, but it does reject sound that’s happening around the mic. My wife was watching Netflix right next to me the other night and it was cranked because I tend to talk really, really loud because I can’t hear my own voice, so I feel like I need to talk louder, and my squad couldn’t hear the tv at all, and it is literally right next to my computer table, and it has a bose sound bar and sub that gets really loud. I love it, and I’m getting another one for my other computer.
I will not give 5 stars because after some time I have noticed there is static in the headset nothing I can do about it (driver is up-to-date), other than that the headset is pretty good the only thing I dont like is they rely on their software and I cannot use them in my work computer because I am not allowed to install third-party software, one thing to add is this headset is really comfortable when I use glasses.
this is one hell of a great gaming headset i playe fps competitive games like cs:go r6.... i could hear every foot step and identify where the enemy is never had a better headset so comfy with my previous headsets when i game for too long my ears wil start hurtin me but with this one no its super comfortable so recomended
Great headset. Only complaint is that the cord constantly gets tangled around itself. If they used the same material that is used with most mouses this would not happen.
Very great and clear headphones with amazing sound. It can block out large amounts of ambient sound and has customizable color pallets for display. Only concern (which is small) is that the mic isn’t the best quality in the world, but it will serve its purpose.
The only problem I have with this headset is that it squeezes on your head a little too much. Other than that its amazing!
I have nothing bad to say about this headset! Its comfortable, has great sound quality, the mic works well, and it looks pretty cool. Highly suggest this headset for gamers, and music lovers.
cheap mans astros
Honestly, for the price, it works just fine.  Gets a little heavy for those long gaming sessions, but hey, Im old.  Beats paying 5 times as much for a headset that is just going to break in a year anyway.  (Looking at You, Turtle beach, Razr, and the other two or three pricey ones in the junk box.)
After about 4 months they started to cut out if I moved the usb corn at all. Other than that they sound great.
I really love the quality and the price.  Everything is good about the design, except I have a head size a bit above average and I can only wear these on the smallest setting.  No way a child could wear these, they would slip down.  I also have been wearing a hoodie over them in the winter, so well see how my head movement affects them in the summer.  And I dont understand how they could miss this issue.  I would think head size would be sort of a standard along the designing of headphones.  I like that the mic can be bent in towards (or away) from your mouth.  Quality sound!  Down loaded the software and played with the settings for lights, sound equalizer, presets.
So far so good, huge upgrade from some cheap offbrand headset. Sound quality is good, mic quality is A1 (what I purchased for) and only one usb cable, most have 2-3 cables so that’s nice. Will update if have any issues
Highly recommend for the gamer in your life!
No problems, looks great, some static when sound is playing however
not the most amazing sound but not terrible either they are really comfortable to wear
This is his wife. It must work really well! He can’t hear me, at all when he’s wearing them!
Love this headset gives out great sound without breaking the bank.
Looks good,  works well.
After 2 weeks didnt work. returned and got the wireless ones and have had them 6 months with absolutely in love with them.
Exactly what it describes, my only gripe with it is that that the part of usb casing where you connect it is big the shell of it makes it so you cannot connect it to the front of a PlayStation you lose about 6 inches of  length on the cord having to connect it to the back of the ps4. And sit directly infront of your game console.  Perfect for computers though!
Good quality for a good price. Truly recommend this product. Thank you.
very nice
While this headset is super comfy, one does sacrifice a tight fit around the ears for unparalleled comfort. I can wear this thing all day. The loose fitting headset is moderately-easy to fall off when quickly moving ones head. The microphone isnt anything fancy. The surround-sound setting makes things sound as though everything is distant and echoey. The directional sound is on point though for shooters. I personally dont use the surround sound setting.
The headphones are overall great. Its very comfortable. The audio software that comes with it is a little finniky but other than that the sound is great. I would save up for the wireless though.
Good quality and comfortable. Big ear cups keeps inner padding from touch my ears. Heavier than I prefer especially for long sessions.
Best headset Ive ever bought to work with discord. The audio quality is super great with no distortions, and the mic is wonderful at cancelling out background noise. The only issue Ive come across is that I have a small head so even at the smallest I can adjust it to the headset still sits a little low. But thanks to the super comfy ear cups, its not uncomfortable at all.
Got these on sale to replace a pair of two year old Razer Krakens. The only thing i didnt like about the Krakens was that they had an always on bass boost. While that is all fine and dandy if your listening to music its not much fun when twenty frag grenades are popping off around you. So i had to download a third party audio program to nix the bass boost. Now with these i can use Corsairs own software not only to turn off bass boost but also enhance subtle sounds like footsteps and the ilk. Good god the snaps ive made in COD:WWII because of these babys. Corsair is quickly becoming my favorite company.
Good for the price.
Great mic and sound quality, feels and looks really well made.  The ear cups are really comfortable, which I normally have a hard time with as I have stretched ears and my previous headsets caused my jewelry to dig in to the side of my head.  These feel like heaven!  EXCEPT - the headband is not as adjustable as Id like.. It feels a little big for my head, which is disappointing considering these werent exactly cheap and Ive had cheaper headsets that adjusted better to fit my head.  Minus one star for that, hopefully this slight sizing issue doesnt negatively affect me in the long term.  If you have a smaller head maybe consider another product, otherwise this headset is great!
great product. bought it to my son. 15 years old gamer. loved it a lot. excellent qauilty
Fantastic Headset!  Ive researched every headset possible.  Reading review after review, till my eyes were bleeding.  This is by far the best headset i have ever used for the price.
Headphones work great and are a good deal.  Durable and quality sound.
Sound quality is excellent and fits well.
Not only is the product very high quality but it also serves its purpose very well and with style! (I also like clicking the button on the side of it that says “mic on”)
Purchased for my daughter and she loves it.
They are perfect! Love them!
this is only a pc headset but if you get a usb to aux cord adapter, you can use it for ps4 or xbox, they are only 6 bucks
I absolutely love these headphones.  It has a nice long cord to reach the back of my pc.  Sound quality is rather good and the mic is excellent, especially with the wind cover on.  My only wish was the padding around the ears be a little softer.  I know they do it so your ears can breath, which they definitely do, but there must be some way to make it a little less scratchy.
These are really good for the price. Playing Escape From Tarkov or Squad you can clearly pick up footsteps in whatever direction theyre coming from. My only negative is they dont really have enough bass but that doesnt bother me too much considering the quality of directional sound.
Excelente calidad
Cool
I searched for a headset that I wanted to try for a couple of months when I stumbled across this headset a while back instead of the 933s. I have to say this is a good investment that is probably cheaper than what it should be. The material used is very soft and delicate - although sometimes I get the feeling that my ears get stuffy after 5+ hours of straight gaming. I love the sound quality on these, you can manage to do Dolby Surround Sound, or if thats not your preference, you can always just switch it back. The corsair driver will allow you to customize the sound to the very detail and also set up your lighting. As a logitech fan who has almost everything logitech-branded, this product made me curious to see what other corsair gaming products would be. I promise you will not be disappointed.
Fantastic for games that require exact positioning based off sound alone. I play a lot of PUBG and with these, footsteps and gunshots are exceptionally easy to detect and locate. Almost feels like cheating.
Very clear audio, good mic quality as well.
Got these for my buddy’s birthday and they are great! I’m going to get a pair for myself. Very light weight and does not hurt your head or ears after hours of wearing them. The surround sound is perfect for first person shooters or any atmosphere noise game.
I was looking for a gaming headset that isnt too bulky and doesnt push onto my head. I was torned between this and a small headset from Logitech, Im so glad I got this one! When I first put it on, it feels like its molded to my head. It is VERY comfortable. The mic is great, the sound quality is great, and I got it while on discount at $59. Have nothing but praises from me!
Very solid headset for the money, works well with the CUE program.
My son loves these, great sound lots of options, rgb on headphones you cant see when wearing them, where will the rgb craze end. But they match his corsair headphone stand , mousepad, mouse and keyboard. He says he can clearly hear footsteps in pubg and other games. Very comfortable and he says they dont slip around on his head.
Everything l expected. Comfortable, easy to use, and nice looking. Mic sometimes has issues picking up my voice.
My previous headphones were Logitech G230s which were cheap and lasted a while but they eventually broke so I decided to get an upgrade. These are a definite upgrade in sound quality, and build quality. They have a solid feel but manage to stay light enough so they are not uncomfortable for hours of gaming. They have Dolby 7.1 surround sound which is great for FPS gaming on PC (I mostly play Overwatch CS:GO and Fortnite) Dolby 7.1 is great because you can tell exactly where people are just by their footsteps are. This is the primary reason I got them but was very satisfied with everything else. Also the RGB corsair logo is really cool but I dont get to see it much because its on my head haha.
Perfect for gaming and streaming!
Not the most comfortable but they work well.
the mic was great and the sound is perpect, it is a little big for me bc i am only 12 so yea
Super comfy, great sound. Surround works very well, high quality mic. no sweaty ears. But they feel a bit loose on the head.
Really nice fitting because of the memory foam on the sides and top, the top one I wish it was wider. The sound is amazing when you install the Corsair software and turn on the Dolby. The volume adjuster on the bottom side of the headphone and really useful although it can be pressed by mistake when I am putting them on or taking them off.
First off, I bought this on sale. The headphones are pretty comfortable. While I had problems with the mic at first, it was more of a windows 10 being dumb problem than the headphone. The surround sound is a nice touch and it quite comfortable even after a couple hours of use.
Its great but heres my cons. Cons 1. The software is really buggy and sometimes turns the volume of your headphones completely off. (But you can reinstall it to fix it.) 2. Its microphone is either really loud or not loud enough. (But I use discord (Its like skype) to adjust the microphone volume.) Pros 1. Its very comfortable and fits well on my head. 2. Its headphone sound quality is great (Especially for gaming.) 3. The material is strong and doesnt feel cheap. 4. You can slide the microphone up and down to disable or enable it. I highly recommend them but you could find better. (It may be expensive to find better though.)
Bought these for my teen son and he loves them. Very durable. Good sound. Wears them for long periods without any problems.
Would recommend
They fit great, dont give me a headache after wearing them for several hours, and sound great.
Great product from a great brand. Easy set up and use out of the box. Download the software and it is highly customizable. Comfortable with a great mic. The sound level is not exactly booming, but it does deliver strong virtual surround sound and sound quality. The software and equalizer allows for multiple profiles for different listening needs. Great headset for not a ton of cash.
Great. 9/10 product, just a little heavy at times, but no more than any headsets I’ve had in the past. Would by again with knowledge I have now
Not reallly sure gift for grandson he seems to like the product
I really do not understand how people could leave negative feedback on this. It is extremely solid (like everything else corsair makes) the sound is amazing, and it fits on your head so well you forget it is there. For $59-$99 range, this is your best option. In game, the sound is incredible. It picks everything up. To top it all off, corsairs software is seamless and allows you to adjust the EQ and surround anyway you like. Its Corsair.... enough said.
Honestly this is a great headphone for gaming and I can hear everything perfectly. It can also switch up which side has more sound so if there was an enemy on my left the headphones would play it on my left ear. The one thing I kinda hat about this product is the wire connecting from USB. Everytime I set it down, the wire twists and coils into itself and I cant. Maybe find another wire covering type.
Good durability in my experience. Sound is great and they are comfortable. Lights are kinda lame but what can you expect?
I bought these for my teenage grandson. He was very excited. Says they are the best ever. So I guess that says it all.
Simple review for these Pros: Decent for $50 Sounds good Cons: Cable twists Cable is too short Feels kinda cheap These replaced my 4 year old set of Plantronics Limted Edition GameCon headset so its a real step down in materials and build but for the $50 I spent, I expect to get maybe 8 months to a year out of these. Fingers crossed.
I was surprised how high quality it felt when I bought this. Sound quality is top notch. Feels great. My ONLY complaint is that it fits a little loose. I hope they fix this issue with the next adaptation of the void pro lineup. But other than that I’d definitely recommend.
Sound quality awesome!
These had some of the best reviews, and I went with the wired version instead of wireless.  These are very well constructed and seem sturdy, not cheaply made.  So far I have noticed excellent sound.  But, they are heavy, and my neck begins to feel it after awhile.  Some people may not notice, but I do.  They are comfortable though, very nice fit on the ears, even though they arent that soft leather like material but fabric.  So far so good.
Good quality! I like it!
Daughter bought these for her boyfriend, along with the stand, and he is loves them!
Love these headphones!  Very comfortable fit.  They are a little large for my teenage son, but still fits him comfortably.  For myself, they fit fine without having to extend the headphones to the largest size (I wear L/XL size hats), so this is perfect.  Pads around the ears are large and very comfortable - no more worrying about smaller headphones that claim to be over the ear but still end up pinching your ears because of the small size! Audio quality (both speakers and microphone) is great.  It is used for gaming, and it works very well for that purpose.  USB connection is great...less possibility of static or hum noise coming thru the audio connection.  USB means not occupying the audio port.  This is important for us because the audio port is plugged in to a shelf speaker system, so both this headset and the speaker system can be plugged in at the same time...no need to keep switching cables!
My husband loves these headphones. He uses them with an HP gaming laptop and he games for hours and is surprised that they never get uncomfortable. He says the sound is great and he has absolutely no issues with the mic. The LED lights are a nice touch and the headphones are well made and arent the type of headphones that are going to break on you within a month. Definitely recommend for someone who is looking for a reasonably priced pair of headphones that actually deliver high-end quality and comfort.
We are a large-headed family, so good headphones have been hard to find. This one seems to be the right size for us, even a bit roomy. Not tight at all on the ears which is great. I use it for communication and I dont do video games, but I had it on my head for a while and it did not get tight. The CORSAIR VOID PRO RGB USB Gaming Headset with DOLBY HEADPHONE 7.1 Surround Sound for PC - Carbon is also pretty noise-cancelling. Seems very tough and well built too.The adjustments cover a wide range of head sizes. Nice and comfortable.
The best thing about this headset is how comfortable it is.  Its solidly built, but not too heavy, and the padding is very soft and smooth.  After hours of wear, it rested on my head as easily as when I first put it on.  It also feels very sturdy, the type of headset you could drop and it would survive, though I didnt test this out. Speakers were about average to above average for the price.  Not too bassy, more of a balanced sounds, as far as gaming headphones, headsets go.  The 7.1 effect isnt too impressive, though it does give you some basic sense of the direction sounds are coming from.  When something is moving to the back of me, I was able to tell while playing dark souls. Microphone was adequate.  People were able to understand me, which is the important thing.  I came through clearly enough. The software is pretty straightforward, and makes changing settings fairly intuitive.  The software controls were easier to use than the one built into the headset and there are more options.  There isnt a Mac version, so on Macs itll operate like a standard generic usb headset. This headset gives you pretty decent sound for what it costs, great comfort, and a lot of customization options, right down to the color of the logo on the speakers.  I admittedly dont have a lot of experience with headsets, owning one other pair, but it compares favorably.  This one will do what you need a headset to do.
Construction feels great. The sound is amazing with Surround on, and Im told the mic is very clear, if a touch high on treble. The controls feel very fragile, and Im terrified the volume toggle could break any day. I definitely recommend hanging them up when not in use. For the $50 I snagged it for, this headset is amazing!
Looks great. Sounds great
Great headset for the value.
Good product.
Bought these to replace a set of Turtle Beach P12s I used for awhile for PS4 gaming, and for use on PC including recording YouTube videos. Very pleased, the quality of my recordings is great, and the Void Pro seems to pick up less background noise then my P12s. Sound quality for listening is just as impressive, whether gaming on PS4 or PC, or listening to music or videos. Build of the headset seems to be sturdy, and it includes lighting to indicate whether the mic is on or off, and volume switch, and the Corsair logo lights up on each side, and you can customize the color and the pattern of the colors similar to a gaming keyboard. Very nice headset, especially given the reasonable price.
Comfortable headphones for gaming, great audio for FPS gaming. My only problem  with them is that the headset band sits a bit forward.
great for gaming and movies
Very nice headset for the price. I was choosing between logitec and corsair.
Works great and is very comfortable.
I really enjoy this headset.  It is very comfortable, microphone is great, the RGB light up is sweet.  The mute LED indicator is awesome.  The only con is the headset is a little heavier then other headsets ive tried - so it makes 3-4 hour sessions require a break from it.  Buy it, you wont regret it.
great value and sound
Good
Fantastic product. I bought this to replace these: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07431KN6B/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_4 The Sades headset was terrible. The Corsair headset had good reviews for a decent price, and I can see why. They sound amazing, the mic is very high quality, and they are comfortable. Not much else to say other than that. Theyre perfect for what I needed.
good. it so comforable
Most comfortable best sounding headset Ive ever had
Great headset
I am happy to have a product that meets my expectations. The G930 I purchased last time was disappointing because it was a mess, but I am happy to have a good product this time.
I really love these, the sound is nice and clear, the mic has a little light on the end that will indicate if your mic is muted, so you dont have to feel around or take the headset off.  Its light and comfy...I think this is the best gaming headset Ive owned, and Ive tried a LOT.  I can find no fault with these.
In my opinion, these are better than the Logitech G230 and G430s. No white noise or in-line wheel, so the quality of sound isnt impaired by a change of volume. Construction is strong with metal rotators, and the pads are soft.
My husband purchased these for gaming and I set them up for him while he was gone.  We actually picked them up at Best Buy, so we could take them back, if there was a problem.  We actually went though one other set by another company, prior to getting these. The useful facts that I found to be important: 1) The box says they are good with Windows 10 and they are (important when trying to set up headphones with Win 10, since it is so finicky). 2) These can be plugged in and will automatically work, if your headphones are set up to be the default device (of course, you can also download some special things from the Corsair site, but it is not absolutely necessary). 3)These headphones are *great* for someone with a large to very large head, who has been having difficulty locating headphones that will fit.
I am comfortable because my ears are not sore.
very good!!!
Solid great headphones work really well. The only downside is the lighting does not really have variances in color. For example on my on my strafe rgb and glaive rgb I can have a light pink that is a bit washed out while on the headset its closer to a brighter pink. Other than this unfortunate downside the headset works amazingly well and is very comfortable.
its good to use!
honestly a great headset one of my favorite everything is perfect
Great work. I fall in love this headphones! Happy with my purchase!
Thank you for service. I like everything.
These are very comfortable headphones.  I have noticed that the children dont mind over the ear headphones while they are on their computers playing games or watching videos.  Its kind of funny because when they are on tablets or phones, they like smaller earbuds.  These need the USB port, anyway.  The microphone can be turned off for while not participating or while listening to music.  This microphone is pretty sensitive.  It glows red when it is off.  The controls are pretty easy to reach while wearing them. The sound quality is pretty good.  I was just saying something to the 12 year old that embarrassed him and he was turning the sound up so he couldnt hear me anymore.  It didnt take long for his nice sparkly smile to come back on.  In his fathers day, he just covered his ears and said, "LALALALALA," for as long as it took. These high tech children are so cute.
Comfortable Sounds great Easy to set up Need Corsair download to control RGB and to use Dolby + mixer
The Corsair Void USB headphones are pretty decent.  Construction is on par with Turtle Beach ones but still not as finish as my Logitech g930 which are stiffer and sturdier.  The ear muffs fit nicely but air flow is restricted due to the design.  The 7.1 Dolby doing is immersive giving a good sense of realism especially during fps style games where you need to determine direction of sound.  The rgb color scheme is the rage these days and the Corsair software makes customization pretty simple.  Its good to see Corsair branching out more beyond memory products.  Overall 4 stars for a solid gaming headset.
This is a fairly good gaming headset for the price, the build quality is pretty good the headset sounds okay, the 7.1 is cool but not great as it doesnt sound very open it sounds more like your in a confined space. the headset also has issues staying on your head due to almost nonexistent clamp pressure. overall its a good headset for the price I recommend it more causal pc gamers.
Best headset I have had. Coming from a Razer Kraken lol
So I usually wait about 1-2 week when I purchase something so I have time to really use and understand the product - with that said at first I had this weird feeling that the headset was "loose" on my head (my head isnt terribly big though) I soon came to realize I only felt this way because the old headset I was using (logitech G430) was really gripping on the head so I became really used to that. This is an amazing upgrade. I have the Pro USB version (I dont trust any wireless gaming peripherals) I use the CUE software already for my mouse and I updated the software on the CUE and it was good to go. The sound is fantastic - from what my friends have heard in discord it has a good mic. and best of all; it looks bad ass.
My husband is a stay at home daddy, and unfortunately he is on the computer most of the time when he is "watching" the children! He has gone thru many headsets like this as thru wear and tear and with the kids getting hold of them they would break and he says this is the most comfortable headset he has owned! He has had them in all price ranges and this beats out some that he was owned that were over a hundred dollars!! He said they are really comfortable on his ears and after hours of wearing them he forgets they are on his ears! They are that comfortable! He can hear his friends great and they can hear him great.
Very convenient for ears
Fantastic
Amazing quality with presets. Love it.
Good
Definitely recommend this Gaming Headset great sound quality plus they are in a very good price
good
Upgraded from the Creative Fatal1ty headset that was dying on me. It has a little more bulk/heaviness to it but is still just as comfortable and fits my big head well and does not hurt my ears even after wearing them for several hours. The top sits a little more forward than the creative headset did so I had to get used to that but its fine. If the wireless has been on sale I would probably have gotten those instead but Im still happy. Install the software if you want to access and customize all the options.
i love it ~ good work!
gooooood
Got a pair of these after testing them at a Micro Center and then at a friends house. they are the most comfortable headset that i have ever used. sound quality is great and the Corsair user Interface for lighting effects and sounds adjustment work great. they are discord certified. the cord is a good length and the RGB effect looks good.
Pros: -Matches my computer nicely -decent sound quality -good mic quality -pretty flashing lights Cons: Side tones are barely audible, even if you change the settings in CUE. I have read that everyone elses mic sounds too quiet, but my friends can hear me just fine on discord. Id give this 5 stars if they would fix the side tone issue.
GOOD
Great mic can hear everything clearly and for the price you cannot beat it. Arrived earlier as well. Thanks!
quality is good sounds great and liked the price
I decided to try this headset because I wear glasses. If I wear a headset with my glasses for more then two hours it starts to hurt my head. I kept reading that these worked great with glasses so I figured I would try it out. I absolutely love these. They fit great and I can wear them for ours without any discomfort! Definitely worth the buy
good
Took some getting used to coming from Razer headphones, but I love the sound quality, the surround sound, as well as the handy mic mute button on the side. My only regret was not getting the wireless version instead, but otherwise, very good headset.
I baught this at $50 from a sale and honestly best headphones ive ever bought, incredibly comfortable too
This is a high quality stereo/Dolby Stereo headset with a swiveling microphone. The headset has hard controls for volume, microphone muting, and EQ/Dolby settings. There are software based controls to adjust the EQ to your liking as well as to adjust the earpiece lighting effects, which utilize multicolor LEDs. The entire assembly has low clamping strength, soft padding for ears and the top of your head, and a pliable microphone that can be easily adjusted to your specific facial structure. The earpieces extend and swivel for best individual fit. The software runs only on a PC and is downloaded directly from Corsairs website. I was not able to find any Mac software. If you have a Mac, you can use the headset, but you wont be able to adjust the EQ or lighting effects, and I dont believe the Dolby effects work, though you can turn that on and off from the headset directly. The headset and software work perfectly within a Windows partition using VMWare Fusion, however. The overall fit is fair - while the earpieces swivel inward, they dont swivel outward enough. For me, this meant that the earpieces dont fit perfectly behind my ears, leaving an opening to the air in that area on both sides. The headset is very comfortable, with superb sound quality at both high and low range, and when I used the headset during a conference call, I was told the audio quality of my voice was excellent. There is a sidetone adjustment (so that you get a little bit of feedback when you talk, just like a well made telephone handset provides) but this can be adjusted only with the PC software. Overall, this is one of the better headsets available for personal computer use - superb for music, excellent for vocal quality both in and out, and lightweight for long periods of use. Id like to see Mac software made available since the Mac does have the inherent ability to pass along full surround sound information, and would also like to see greater swivel range for the earpieces for better fit behind the ears.
There are so many reviews on this excellent headset that there isn’t a point in me doing an overall review.  The one thing I can contribute is that these don’t block the noise in the room from my ears as much as the Logitech G633 Artemis Spectrum.  In my book, the G633 does too well at that.  I would like to know if, say, someone broke into the house, and I might miss that with the G633.  The Corsair Void doesn’t do a bad job of blocking room noise, but it does let me hear the people sitting next to me without them needing to shout at me. Overall, a great headset.  I love Logitech headsets, except for the fact that they nearly always last me only about a year.  I will say that Logitech has excellent customer service should one fail within the warrantee period.  Hoping this Corsair Void lasts longer.  Will update this review should it fail prematurely.
Confession time: Im not a gamer. Im an online instructor, and we increasingly need a really good headset for online seminars and labs. This one uses a USB attachment rather than the one- or two-jack setups for the cheap headsets, and its built to be comfortable for hours of use. The students and I could hear each other as if we were in the same room, and I could forget about the equipment while I took care of the work. The RGB feature makes it fun, and I havent explored all the software yet. The fact that I was able to plug this in, set it up in minutes and go right to work without a hitch is what sells me on it. I have a gaming keyboard and a gaming laptop, too. Even though I dont use every feature, Im grateful for the power, and I can play with the extra stuff on my off time.
Love the placement of the volume and microphone controls on the left ear-cup. Metal frame feels sturdy. The mute indicator at the end of the microphone is easily visible from peripheral vision. It should be noted that the USB cable is a bit short (I got the wired version). I dont consider this either good or bad, but, if you want to move around while wearing these, or you wish to plug them into the rear USB ports on your PC, you should be wary that the cord may be too short. On the other hand, if you prefer to plug this into the front of your case, or into your monitor if it has ports, the cable is the perfect length to help avoid tangles. I would give this a perfect rating, but I found the fabric on the ear cups to be slightly itchy sometimes. Nothing severe, but enough to avoid a perfect rating. This itchy feeling comes up whenever I havent shaved in a couple of days.
This is the best fitting and performing PC headset Ive ever owned and the new revision is even better than the early-2017. I like the fit better than the Hyper-X Cloud II or any of the Logitech current models, even if it doesnt have leather and hand stitching or exposed aluminum accents and other flair. Is it the prettiest? No. Does it outperform the new Razer Tiamat for deep bass? Nope. Its a very neutral headset with a mic that doesnt suck and a bundled Dolby license that would set you back $15 on its own. Ive got three of these in the family now, including the wireless one, and Ive never been a happier gamer. Is it perfect? No. Id like to see a leather headband and big cushy leather earcups as an option, and frankly Im surprised Corsair has left them on the market this long without offering those premium level accouterments. The RGB really isnt as bright, bold or versatile as Id like and especially at the retail price, on a 50mm single driver headphone, Id like to see some addressable RGB details. Give us more options. Well pay for it. Corsair clearly knows this from keyboard and case sales, we crave customizability. On that retail price: dont pay it. These go on sale all the time including at the time of this review for $60 and thats super fair for the wired USB model. The only real negative on this headset is it tends to beep a lot when youre not playing music through it if youre on an unsupported operating system. I plugged it in to my Pixel 2 with a USB C adapter to make a call and it was really crisp and clear, as always, but the beeping was very annoying. I would recommend only using this headset with a supported OS. Im weird, I know.
Best fitting and feeling headphones Very good buy on sale! They are comfy have a neat mute toggle noise and a visible color on the mic to know when your talking to yourself. The led on the cups I dont pay much mind to and turned the flashing off. The headband if comfy with a foam padding. Only complaint Ive found is the cord is rather short you might have problems if you dont have a front jack. Ive had a lot of headphones on amazon usually whatever is cheap around 20 dollars which would last around a year before snapping, breaking, or losing sound in one ear. I paid a little extra with this one on sale. Around fifty. Id certainly recommend them to anyone who has a common complaint of your ears hurting after a few hours. Ive never had a good fitting pair of headphones until now. Going back to my old ones, I INSTANTLY notice how uncomfortable they are in comparison.
This product is really good. People I game with say the mic quality is great and I like the audio quality. Very comfortable, and I dont have the issue of it sliding off my head at all (as some other reviews pointed out).
Awesome quality
I got this headset for my husband for his early christmas along with the corsair led stand that they got on and he absolutely loves both. he says the headset is wonderful and he loves the way you can hear everything that it producing the sound like you are there in person. it has great hd quality.
These are really nice headphones. They arent heavy, and some of the headsets really are, so you get annoyed wearing them. They are soft and comfortable. They do "leak" a little sound, so someone in the same room can hear the noise if you have it turned up. I guess that if they were more sound containing, they would probably squeeze your head a little more and be less comfortable. They are big enough for an actual adult to wear (sometimes they are sized pretty small for a kid or something.) The sound and mic work great! We have had some other headphones that are crappy, even though they werent cheap. These are a really nice set for the price.
Really good headset, very comfortable ear pads. If you play games that last 20-30 min a match this is perfect for you. Mic is okay but it does tend to pick up the sound when you press the mute button. Should buy when on sale it would be a steal!
Awesome sound and mic quality. I love the design.
The headphone material is soft and comfortable. You can differentiate sound from left right, behind and center. Overall, a great headset.
I hate my sister in law so i cant even hear her when she bitches at me with these puppies on. can walk around the house and use the bathroom and still hear.
Working great. No problems
This thing fits like a dream. The ear cuffs rotate on multiple angles, so it always fits right. My friends liked the fit so much, two of then also bought Corsair Void Pros (one wired, one wireless). The mic really does well at just picking up my voice when speaking, not so breathy. The surround sound is great. I dont get snuck up on. The RGB is great and was easy to synchronize with my PC.
I really like this headset. It feels great on my ears, the mic sounds amazing for remote meetings, and it looks really cool. AND my puppy likes it, too. I guess thats why he ATE IT. I bought another (the wireless version). I kept the headset out of my dogs reach so he ate the charging wire! A regular micro USB charger I tried did not fit tightly, so I reached out to Corsair for a replacement, hoping I could pay for a replacement. Theyre sending me another for free! What a great company!
Great Mic quality, easy to use, clean sound and good bass. Dont know how much better it can get for the price. Very pleased
I bought this for my brother as he doesnt like s60 version because its a bit tight and loud. But this product is very comfortable on ears and sound quality is very decent.
-easy to install -very comfy -clear sound -full rgb
I am an on-line teacher and this Corsair Headset is fantastic. What is really cool for me is the fact that I can control the microphone out better than the operating system on my computer. They are built well and meant to be warn for long periods of time.
not much to dislike about this except it may feel like its to big for ur head but after a little bit u get used to it as it sits on ur head just fine without moving
Love these headphones. They are mostly noise cancelling, in that aspect there are better. The mic works great and the sound quality is clear and loud. For the price this is a great headset. I would recommend to anyone that doesn’t want to spend $100 on a headset.
Headset is great, no surprise as corsair is amazing at what they do! Microphone leaves a lot to be desired tho.. not a issue for anyone who uses a standalone mic like I do. Noise cancellation works well enough that I cant tell Im yelling or even hear someone walk into my room! Wish icue included more color modes and options for the void pro, seems lacking in that department. Overall strongly recommend but if you have the money splurge on the wireless version!
All around great and durable headset
The product was fantastic, sound was great, noise cxl was perfect, mic came through crystal clear. Would have been a fantastic headset..... if I had a normal size head. My head is disappointingly small, and finding headphones that I dont have to hold to my head is very difficult. I bought these because they were adjustable, unfortunately the smallest adjustment size still put the ear pads at jaw level. So if you are like me, head-size-challenged. These will not fit you, try the Arctis Series. For everyone else however these are perfect!!!
What makes this Headset special is one thing, Comfortability, Comfortability, and Comfortability. It is by the far the most comfortable headset that I have ever used. I used to have Hyper X Stinger and Hyper X cloud 2 and there is no way you can compare the comfort level between them. I use the Corsair for several hours and I have no issues with it, no pain or headache after long periods, unlike the other headsets that I have used. The software is excellent too and the mic quality is just superb. 7.1 is Ok for me but Im not an expert in these options, I just care about long-time usage and comfortability.
The sound on these headphones is very good.  However, the fit is not very good.  The headband sits forward instead above your ears.  The ear cups dont sit completely over the ears and gap at the bottom.  They also get warm after wearing them for a short period.
Very good and I’m satisfied.
Fits loose a bit, sound decent for low price.
