Worked fine for the first month or so but after started making a loud white noise sound making the mic inaudible to others in a call and they hear just loud static.
God where to start, 1. The headphones have almost no bass. 2. Directional sounds are way off, and its only slightly better with games actually programmed for this. 3. Wow these are actually comfortable and feel of build quality, however...  because of the giant padded cushions their is no sealing/bad noise cancelling which you guessed it.... makes them even sound like they are always on low volume even with the corsair equalizer.
Im coming from an Astro a40 headset that is at least 6 years old and my headset cable was having connection issues so i decided to find a cheaper headset to get while i could fix the problem or maybe even convert to. I bought this one for PC gaming and the sound difference is unbelievably bad. The main complaint I have about this headset is the way it fits. It doesnt cup up around the bottom of your ears so it feels as if the headset is hanging on your head. If it were up to me, i wouldnt recommend this headset to anyone. Hope this review helps.
Ive had two pairs of theses for a couple months and im noticing that that right drivers is getting weaker on both faster and faster wish i noticed this earlier for a refund
It is about what weve come to expect from Corsair, terrible sound quality with only partial physical surround. You can expect low volumes, distorted, echoing locational sound and poor mic support without their ad riddled joke of a software suit. Do your self a favor and go with a $15 logitech headset and a $10 usb mic for an over all better experience. I purchased these direct to avoid amazon price gouging and regret wasting my time and money all the same.
The sound quality is basic at best, and if you try to adjust the setting by downloading the ICUE corsair software there is a bug that stops this headset from outputting audio. The bug has existed for years now according to the corsair forums and it still has not been fixed. It also just kinda fits uncomfortably loose on the head, Ive seen others annoyed by this as well.
Little plastic tab holding earpiece on broke with normal use in less than a year.
Had problems with audio on different platforms game would have. Great sound but YouTube and other apps super low volume went back to my Logitech headphones
Sound quality is meh so most
Lots of problems with chain disconnecting, which results in the headphones having stretches where they tell me "Mics on" over and over again, interrupting audio. If I werent outside of the 30-day window for returns, these would be going back. Im really disappointed in them. Ive been joking that I would post a video of myself jumping up and down on them until they are in tiny bits, thats how frustrating it is when they have that issue. No amount of troubleshooting has resolved my issue for more than a few hours.
Up until a few months ago, I had nothing to complain about for this headset. Then it just suddenly stopped working and Windows 10 no longer recognizes it. I reinstalled Corsair iCUE software numerous times nothing helps. Searched forums none of the fixes worked. Happy to waste money. Really fun. Thanks, Corsair.
I would have rated this headset as a 4 star product, perhaps 5 stars when considering the price.  I purchased these over the competitor ONLY due to the fact this one offers a mute microphone option and the competitor didnt.  The mute function does NOT work on this set. I have to unplug the usb each time I need to "mute" my microphone.  I have to reset my audio preferences each time I reconnect. I live too far from a post office to justify returning them (for the price paid; makes no sense). Very unhappy.
The sound quality is very poor.  There is very little bass, even if you crank it up all the way, and the high tones sound tinny and grating.  On top of that, the headphones are really heavy. Surprisingly and unpleasantly so.  Moreover, the earphones don’t wrap around the ears entirely, so there’s a gap at the bottom where external noise gets in easily.  The microphone works fine but the volume is a bit too low even on the highest setting.
These things are WIDE. I have a average size female head and these things were so wide at the smallest setting that you could see my ears from the inside of the ear pieces. (Ie. An inch or so away from the sides of my head.) If I moved at all they would fall off. Disappointed they definitely didnt make these with female gamers in mind :(.
Its a very competent headset. I use that word precisely. Its sound wont impress you like my logitech headset did. The RGB is negligible which doesnt matter at all for me. The 7.1 emulation is passable. Its really a fine headset, but would not praise it beyond that at all. I have the wired version, so I havent any comments about battery life. I also purchased the white version. It looks nice. Again, I prefer the G933 Logitech that I had before. Sadly it was plagued with durability issues. If I had it to do all over again, I would buy a brand new G933 and forego the used 933 and this headset. Sound quality on the G933 is just obviously superior. Sound mixing is better on the Logitech as well. Again, the Corsair is good, but not great.
Get the wireless version or buy something else. These are “noise cancelling” but they don’t have that good mic pass through where you can hear yourself. Apparently it’s a problem with the wired version particularly and the wireless version doesn’t have that problem. Looks like it’s been going on for a while too if you search about it. The quality and sound are great but it’s hard for me to tell how loud I’m talking so I’m yelling the whole time lol
Headset sound quality is ok, the surround sound isnt great. It seems to have an echo or something. The worst part about the headset is the mic monitoring is terrible. I returned it because I couldnt hear myself at all in game even with the setting on max. The only plus is it looks cool and its comfy. If you require mic monitoring in your headset dont buy this. Wish I knew that before I got it.
Warning!  Hardware beautiful...  Yes.  Software issues so bad I had to perform a full recover because corsair driver software locked my system in a start up loop. Read about their problems with windows 10 and corsairs drivers! If I could give it a negative rating I would.  Bought for me as a gift, but I paid in lost photos, documents and video I cant recover.  They make a very pretty piece of hardware.  Headphones feel good but they could crash your system.  I regret using these with my system .  Read about the driver issues regarding windows 10!
after two weeks, the sounds in the left and right earbuds are already at different volume
The headset started off fine, but after a couple months of use the volume is close to mute even with all audio settings set to max. Other people have had the same problem and the only fix is to download another software. This is the last Corsair product ill ever buy thank you, next.
I wanted to like these. They look great, have a high quality feel. But man, the sound. I went through all of the EQ presets in Corsair iCUE and couldnt find any settings that sounded decent. The voice overs in the game in particular sounded really bad. I have a pair of Logitech speakers that I got a few years ago for cheap that sound soooo much better than these things. For the price, I wasnt expecting anything amazing, but am hoping to find a set that is at least as good as these speakers.
Pretty good quality build not that great sound quality.
It was great for a couple of months, bought this in February and it worked great. Now in December it keeps beeping, the sound cuts off, the "mic on" drives me crazy. Uninstalled Icue that did the trick for like 30 minutes. I keep the cord short and its not damaged. Its just frustrating.
Headset on the right side is leaking and the microphone muted button is rattling So when I shake my head, the muted button will rattle. I live abroad and use a shipping agent to pay for the return. So Im just going to use it. The sound quality isnt that good. I play battleground, but sound play is not good.
When I got this item it started off messy. In discord it has a terrible poping sound/cracking noise. Does the same in game when certian sounds happen. Very quiet ingame to the point where the surround sound is useless. Had it replace with a new one and still has the same problem. Dont buy. Dont use.
Id like to preface this review by mentioning I have a hearing disability and as such sound quality is very important to me. I ordered this headset for the sole purpose of replacing another which had a very poor mic quality. At first, everything seemed to be running smoothly besides having to slightly increase the volume on my computer. The mic worked perfectly, the sound quality was fine with perhaps a bit lacking in bass, and the fit of the headset was just adjustable enough to be incredibly comfortable. Then the sound started to cut out. Ill reiterate my hearing disability and mention it is predominately in the right ear (35-65 for those knowledgeable). And this is exactly where the sound started to fail, in the right speaker within a week of normal use. It almost EXACTLY copied the state my ears are in real life, and while that is a feat in itself it was incredibly frustrating as headsets are the only way I can really enjoy music or anything else really without a heavy amount of clarification or subtitles. The cables are fine, the usb is fine, the headset itself was fine... All that seemed perfectly in order, and then you get the headset on and turn something on... Right ear, completely silent for the most part (at least to me) while the left ear is a middling sound even when turned incredibly high. The order was placed July 26, 2018 and they failed in less than ten days. Im a big fan of corsair, but I can not recommend this headset and would advise anyone to purchase something more reliable.
The mic is good and the  software is brilliant but its hard to use at first time but the material you feel its cheap and not that good the ear cover is big and you feel the bottom your ear outside the headphones
I have owned many headphones. This is probably one of the worst. I experienced crackling audio and I have seen other people having the same issue. The comfort also isnt that good. The shape of the ear cups leave opened gaps out the back of the headset cup. The cord also isnt very long it worked for me usually but I do pull it at times. This is a decent headset if you arent looking into top quality. I do think there are better options out there.
Cons: -Sidetone is barely audible. -Sound quality is terrible, my old Turtle Beach PX21s sounded multiple times better than these in all frequencies. -7.1... arguable. Pros: Comfortable.
They are a great pair of headphones but with everyone complaining to Corsair about them being too quiet, they have now turned into speakers. So fing loud. I use them as speakers actually. So if you are looking for a pair of headphones that are loud but now too loud that your family will hear them. Then choose another pair of headphones.
Sound is great. Button on the side to mute and unmetered is exceedingly temperamental.
The Void Pro is a decent headset and recommended if you are looking for something better than the usual cheap USB headset/microphone combos that you will see floating around.  The sound is clean and crip and the ear phones are of a decent size so they do a good job of covering your ear and isolating the sound.  It isnt mind blowing audo-phile quality compared to some more expensive studio headphones that you can probably find out on the market, but it is still very good. The microphone works alright for my purposes, but the sound is a little bit softer than what I am used to hearing. Its not bad by any means, but if you are talking to someone else using it, you can definitely tell the difference.  Its not a deal breaker by any means. One drawback to it is that the wireless functionality is occasionally spotty. I have had it go into auto shut off when sound was still being played on my PC a few times. I think it starts to do this when the battery is below a certain amount, but I am not certain. Also,  this headset is significantly heavier than a lot of other simpler, low priced USB headsets. If you are not used to wearing something so heavy, you may experience some neck and shoulder pain from using it at first. I suggest trying it out in a store before buying it to make sure you will be comfortable wearing it. Edit: I should also mention that this headset is NOT recommended if you are suffering from a repetitive strain injury in your shoulders or neck. You will definitely feel the weight and it will most likely aggravate your injury.  If you are suffering from said injury or anything else affecting your neck or shoulders, I strongly recommend looking for a lighter headset.
I bought this on a super Prime deal and really wished I hadnt. This headset constantly gives me error codes when I play Final Fantasy 14 (online mmorpg). I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling all of the drivers and updating everything (and I mean EVERYTHING) on my PC thinking it was updated related. Yesterday, just 3 months after I purchased it, it just stopped working. Dead. I tried it in other PCs, other USB slots. Nothing. It does work with Discord, but not with anything else apparently :(
These headphones are comfortable and look good but the sound quality is just not good. I have the volume at max levels and I cant hear anything (yes I also adjusted the sound in windows settings). After a week a static sound started to develop. People in-game say my mic sounds horrible. Im disappointed. I had high hopes for these.
There are always three things I look for in a headset. Is the headset snug? 3/5 Ear/head comfort?  3/5 Audio range?  2/5 BEHOLD!  The RGB Corsair Void Pro RGB!  It is loose sits funny on the head, always feels as if it wants to slide forward towards your face, has little adjustment, and if you do not have a large head you are never going to feel very comfortable wearing these.  They are not snug on the ears whatsoever. Secondly, if you like listening to music other than classic rock or classical you are going to be genuinely disappointed in the lack of bass this headset will deliver.  Yet somehow the lady speaking to you in the headset has a boomingly beautiful wide ranged voice?  Not sure how that even happens.  Then I remembered virtual programs that I could tweak the bass even further,  nothing.  If you are treble sensitive your hears are going to bleed.  I had to turn the treble down to -12 db and on another program down to -10 db and the treble is still god awful, still the bass is nearly nonexistent. The mic is what you would expect of any headset mic, its neither great nor awful, its a gaming headset mic.  Youll be heard, might want to use the foamy thing though. I got these as a gift.  Im going to use these until they die but after they do Im going straight back to Logitech as for reasonably priced headsets they were the best Ive ever experienced as far as comfort, sound, and durability.  Couple weeks into the void and already miss my logitech. Do yourself a favor and look into other headsets before buying this pair.  The only bonus to this headset is they have a unique look, that unique look is not comfortable. #AnHonestReview
Ive bought two corsair void pro wireless headset and they are still in great condition after a year of use. I bought this corsair headset (wired version) as a gift. However, this wired version mic broke within 5 months of use. The mic rotational area became brittle and broked soon after. So the mic sways away from the mouth now and cant be rotated upwards away from the mouth, any movement with the headset on and the mic will just dangle around. Also, the wire within the mic has been damaged, so theres a 50/50 chance of mic usage in discord/skype. Ive exclusively used Corsair keyboard, headset, and mouse over the last 4 years, and this is the first Corsair product to break on me.
I have had these for 3 months or so and these are good headphones. The sound quality is good from the speakers, and the mic is pretty good as well.  However, the internal build quality on the electronics seems lacking, they fell off my desk today on to a carpeted floor, a distance of (maybe) 3 feet and now they are completely dead.  RGB light doesnt come on, and the computer doesnt recognize the device at all.  For $70 youd think they could handle a little tumble.  Had a Razer headset for 3 years that had the crap beaten out of it and the only reason I replaced them is because one of the connections for the cords was pulling loose.  Might be going back to Razer, they are pretty much the same price and it would appear they are built better.
The Corsair Void Pro RGB USB Gaming Headset felt good, hit good, and sounded good. I was initially really happy with it until the cheap material the microphone uses tore at the base. Glue wouldnt hold it, and tape wouldnt hold it, eventually the microphone fell off with no force. Cheap material in products really bugs me. I wish companies like Corsair made products that last instead of cheapest flimsy plastics.
after 4 Months I started to hear noises like crackling/popping on my pc and ps4 the only thing good for the Headset is comfortable
I have had a pair since 2015, given as a gift. The sound quality while listening has remained good. Music sounds good. (but do not confuse these for high-end music headphones) The fit has been comfortable - firm.. but not tight. But, over the years 1) The retention mechanism that allows the microphone to be stowed has stopped working. At first the mic would just swivel down, which can startle you. Now it just stopped working at all. 2) Crackling and static noises are heard by people who I am chatting with. Take a look at something with a more durable frame and audio connector.
Reinstalled driver utility for my Corsair Void & Corsair keyboard.  Received the Blue Screen of Death (not once but twice) directly after install.  For the time and money wasted, Id like my money back (twice).
This is an update for my review after owning this product barely over 4 months.  I leave volume all the way up when playing pubg to hear enimes and the speakers are now crackling at 50% volume i think they are blowed.  So these arent safe for use it at 100% volume even for a little bit.
Mute button stopped working after a month. Terrible.
To expensive for the quality.  Headset are very loose and fall off very easily. The sound quality is just average.  The headphones, to be fair, should have cost maybe 20 dollars.  I have never owned this brand before, but I do not plan on buying anymore... My son sifted through many headsets hoping to find a good one for me. Tis my Birthday and I am not a happy camper!
Horrible product! Malfunctions 80% of the time and there is absolutely nothing wrong with my USB ports.
After about a week of usage the microphone started making my voice unbearably garbled and unidentifiable, Would not recommend after this experience.
They never sat on my ears right because the headphones are made for someone who apparently has a massive head. I had em on the smallest setting and they still didnt create the sound barrier that most headphones do. Dont sound THAT great either. Good budget headphones I guess.
Microphone not working and right ears
Bought this headset just over a year ago. 7.1 surround sound still sounds great as day 1. My major issue with this headset is the Microphone Feedback. Unless the boom is literally in your mouth, it is impossible to hear yourself talking. For some reason iCue locks windows microphone equalizer to a level of 25 out of 100. It took lots of digging through forums to learn I was not the only person with this issue. The only solution was downloading a 3rd party equalizer to raise the decibel levels. iCue works great for setting the rgb lighting, other than that it doesnt do much for volume levels. USB male end that plugs into the computer became touchy after 3 months, if it wiggles for some reason the headset will lose signal.
out of the three headsets i got.. the first one has problems to where i have to unplug and let it sit... which becomes a problem.
when my old corsair void RIPd I knew I couldnt live without it. I used a senheiser headset as backup, but after 1 day using that thing I knew i had to re-order the VOID.  I feel pretty disappointed with the new model. Ive owned the older model of the wired void as well as the wireless model of the void. Both of those were really nice, they felt high quality and the sound quality was great. This new model they are selling feels cheaper, like its made with low quality materials. The memory foam that was on the older models did not come with this new model. The cushion is deflated and is barely even able to fill out the outer lining. The memory foam on the ears isnt real memory foam anymore either. the plastic is a rough, thin and brittle matte material whereas the plastic was sturdier and with a glossy finish on the previous models. I originally bought the void headsets a year or so ago FOR durability and quality. when i put these headphones on it feels like im sliding 2 puffy wind breakers onto my ears, and it sucks. I am even more disappointed now that my old headset is in the grave. I will say, the sound is still better than my backup senhieser so I probably wont return this as its the best sound quality that is available to me right now. But if you have owned these headsets in the past and you are repurchasing prepare to be disappointed.
No the headline is not exaggerating. I have had this headset for several months and it worked okay. However, the cord is always tangling itself up and it is really annoying when it keeps poking you. I even used electrical tape to wrap the cord so it wouldnt tangle. That only lasted for about a week until the cord started tangling again. So I repeated the process of wrapping the cord. After the fourth time I said forget it and dealt with it. Today the headset just stopped working and I will never be buying corsair products again because of their lack in quality gaming peripherals.
this product started falling apart a week after i bought it the cord is now all peeled and just wires the headset rattles and the sound quality is the worst out of all 5 headsets ive owned
To expensive for the quality. Microphone is garbage. Headset are very loose and fall off very easy.
Worse in almost every way from other Corsair headsets Ive owned, and Ive been a fan for over five years and three generations. Firstly, the sound is muddy. Switching between the Corsair Vengeance 1500s and these is like night and day. With surround enabled voices become tinny with a slight echo, no settings or adjustments help with this. Music is like listening through a cardboard tube. Mic is okay, but nothing special. Construction is is only better in looks, closer examination reveals all the corners that have been cut with this model. The cord is no longer braided, but short and cheap feeling. The arms have almost no grip strength, which leads to gaps. Kinda defeats the purpose of noise cancelling cups if the cups dont even create a seal! I seriously regret all the times I defended Corsairs products over the years, and now understand why I had to defend them in the first place. I thought Corsair stood for great value at the price... Corsair, you have lost a fan. I feel cheated.
Static noises issues that come and go make give the just 3 starts, had this not happened it would be a 4.5, since is one of the most comfortable over ear headphones i have ever used
(I am reviewing the wired black ones) I wasnt as impressed I wish I could have been for $60... for what it is, maybe $40 would be a better pricing for the value of what they are. Pros: *comfortable *Durable (good quality feel) *and they look nice Cons: *Sound quality is nothing special, and definitely requires some fine tuning with the equalizer in the packaged drivers/programs (I got those from their site, I recommend always doing that instead of any included disks.) Mic is terrible, the pop filter helps some, but I had to get an external program to make it sound better than crap. In the end, if brand isnt what youre going for, get somthing that might be not as good looking, but at least doesnt take so much fine tuning to sound better in the end)
I cannot believe Corsair created this crap! I wanted this to go with my strafe and glaive. Sad to say the proprietary corsair audio driver is junk. All you can do is adjust Stereo Audio, Virtual 7.1, preset equalizer and custom equalizer. No loudness equalizer and no other means of customizing audio quality.
The mic quality is very bad
I have some serious headphones but I got tired of using headphones and mic separately while gaming. It was especially a pain to turn the mic on and off mid-game, and sometimes the levels wouldnt be right if I plugged it in while gaming. So, despite being reluctant, I bought a gaming headset for convenience when this was on sale for $60. I knew that I was paying for convenience and not sound quality but I didnt realize how underwhelming it would be. Let me first get the couple things out of the way. I do have RGB keyboard and mouse and I like it on them but on headset, I think its unnecessary. And to be honest, I dont think its particularly good looking on this set. Now, the sound quality. I think it is okay for gaming but its pretty bad for both music and movies. The earphones that come packaged with your phone will probably easily beat them in sound quality. The surround sound, in my opinion, doesnt make identifying direction any better in games so I keep it off. It feels more like you are sitting inside a sphere and the sound is coming from everywhere rather than one direction, which actually makes it even more difficult to pin point the direction of the sound. But some people may find it useful. The mic is okay. I havent used it as much as I anticipated but at least you can turn it on and off and fold it up quite easily. The headband is loose for my head. Its not to do with size. Using the minimum length, the pads wont reach my ear but it is still loose and can fall back easily. It fits me after I slide it down couple levels on both sides, but it makes no difference to how snug it is. In some ways, I feel for corsair and other gaming brands on the market. To compete, they have to add some gimmicky features like RGB and surround sound, that adds cost to a product, and on not seeing these consumers might turn to another brand, because everybody has it these days. However, consumers are at a losing end here because they are grossly overpaying. Its not a bad product per say, but even at the discounted price of $60, I cant help but think that I can probably easily get a cheaper headset without "gaming" tag and gimmicky features that will probably perform better. While my mechanical keyboard and gaming mice have been extremely satisfying products to use and clearly a step up from previous ones, I think that this was a step down. I will, however,  treat this as my naivete and a learning experience and move on.
Rarely stays connected without any issues. Must disconnect and reconnect multiple times throughout use.
the headset it self is perfect regarding most aspects , but its weight is too heavy for me , i am struggling to keep this headset on my head for long periods of time , its too heavy for me and i had different headsets in the past , ill have to buy a lighter headset :(
When I first purchased this headset, I was satisfied and had no complaints. Now that I have owned this headset for a little less than a year, the sound quality has gone from good to absolute crap. I thought I was going deaf or something for a minute there haha. However, after testing out other headsets, I discovered that my Corsair Void Pro was just inferior junk that wasnt built to last. If you are looking for a quality headset that will last you for several years, I would spend your money elsewhere.
These headset worked great for a couple months then stopped working
the sound quality is just. really bad. Updating sound drivers didnt help. The range just isnt there. I get better sound quality from a 40 dollar logitech headset :/ Really disappointed.
After I take it out of its packaging, the wire starts tangling on itself. Now its getting worse, and its ticking me off. (I have no idea how to fix it.) Their mic is crap, I have a hard time hearing myself on my XSplit over the game and sometimes my friends dont hear me that well.
Sound quality is great, aswell as the comfort. However, the microphone stopped working 3 days in and I had to get an external studio microphone. If you buy it, buy for the sound quality and amazing customization in the software.
The sound quality is worse than headphones you could buy for the same price. Even the AKG earphones you get are better quality than the drivers they put in the Corsair Void Pro, it may come down to taste, but my Logitech G633s sound miles better than these drivers, even tuning it with Corsairs iCUE could not achieve anything close to the quality of surrounding headphones in that price range, if you were buying this for value, id reckon you save up for a more decent pair. The mic they put on it, is decent but could have been better, the pop filter quite a nice addition. As for comfort, initially the top foam on was too soft, therefore it lead to the ear cups leaking sound as it was slanted, it doesnt help that there is no clamping force on the sides, I have a relatively small head, so the clamping force would have helped it stay on. Overall, im disappointed with the product, wish I picked up the Logitech G233, wouldve been better for my money as a side headset.
I only had these headphones for a few months and all of a sudden they are crackling like crazy. I have tried restarting the PC, ejecting and putting into a new USB slot, reinstalling drivers, etc. VERY displeased! I had a CloudX headset that was made of yea crappy material, but worked for 2 years until they started to get staticy with the mic and only the mic. I got these as a replacement and they were perfect up until recently. Now i cant play a game without having my ears attacked by horrible popping and the even the mic is doing it.
This was advertised as good and compatible with Xbox one, that is not true. I now have to sell it.
the wire is defective because it curls up and guts stuck on my table and chair. the wire might as well be 2 feet long because the cord twist and shortens. i have tried to straighten it in many different ways but it never works. also i saw that if you raise the mic it will mute, but i tried it and it never works.
This headset has a fairly strong build quality with good plastics and (what feels like) some metals. However, the drivers are weak with shrill highs, a hollow mid, and no bass. I will be returning these.
I bought this headset along with a new Xbox one s controller a few weeks ago. I use them for about 10 hours a week and store them neatly without coiling the wire. However, about two weeks into using them the audio would just cut randomly and I would have to keep unplugging and replugging them in several times to get the audio back. This is very frustrating. I hope this is covered by the warranty
Bought these for light use in my office for conference calls and listening to music. I have had them a while and if I used them 2 dozen times it would be a lot. I started getting complaints that I sounded robotic on calls and had to switch to computer audio, and after testing it with different computers I found there is an issue with the microphone. Between the HORRIBLE Cue software (Buggy, display issues and over all poor UX/UI) and the failure of the mic after very limited use I would not recommend this product.
cable twists up so badly i have to hold the usb to the celing and wait for it to untwist bad sound quality. I play csgo and i cant hear anything that isnt right next to me
Ive been using a $30 chicom headset for a little over a year. But decided to switch to a nicer headset for a little extra quality. This ended up not being the case for this Corsair. My friends on discord immediately told me my mic was much lower quality and some said it sounded like a demon. I had to switch the USB connection between ports to somewhat correct the problem. Im sending back this piece of garbage. I cant believe this name brand $80 headset is so terrible compared to a cheap china headset.
First, these headphones have been great, but after about 4 months of using a crackling noise has started to happen. And Im not going to lie, it gets more and more audible every single day. I have tried updating the software, reinstalling ICUE, but to no avail. At the rate the crackling continues to get louder, these things will be useless by next month. Also whenever i play with my friends, they always complain about how quiet i am. But there is no fix to this. I move the mic closer, I turned up the volume, but i am still very quiet. I am not going to suggest buying these headphones.
Sound issues with conflicting drivers. If you google corsair void static sound, youll understand what Im talking about. Only solution Ive found is to disable/enable device.
Im not just being nitpicky, this headset has so much static that they are completely unbearable to use. They are comfortable and look nice, but a quick Google search before you buy will show you how awful the sound quality is. This is disappointing, because I truly do love Corsair products, but please... DO. NOT. BUY!!!!
Used for maybe 5 months. Static and crackling nosies started, and left side broke and just hangs from where you adjust it. Broke WHILE adjusting the headset lol.
This is a great headset, but the wires arent that nice, after a month of use the rubber broke and the wires are exposed. Besides that its pretty nice.
my speaker rattles and is blown i only have had this headset for 2 months... very disappointing.
Battery. I guess I hoped to see the headset being charged to the ST100 Stand while able to use the headset at the same time but it wont let you. Didnt use it for more than an hour yesterday, came to it today completely out of battery. Normally, it auto-shuts off but I suppose it didnt really shut down. This was my first wireless headset transitioning from wired to wireless and I gotta say, Im pretty disappointed with the amount of crap I have to keep up with even with it off. The charging station is completely useless unless your computer is powered/on. I have to use the USB cable which charges the headset and takes up wired space even though Im going for a wire-free environment. Phone charging blocks charge better than this thing. Dont even bother with the stand that doesnt really charges your headset well with USB 2.0 or 3.0 plugged in. "If RGB lighting effects are unimportant to you, they can be disabled with CUE. This greatly extends battery life" All these aesthetics for a not so powered headset. Using USB 3.0 port to charge my headset while using the stand for the wireless USB dongle. This is a really dumbset up. Quality of Sound. Sound is okay when it does work. A cheap pair of gaming headset can deliver the same audio quality with bass. Sound is average. Comfort. Very breathable on the ears and the material feels nice during summer season. It is rather oversized. Often, I have to fix my headset so it doesnt fall off as easily by tightening the headband so its not much of an issue.
Im going to break down why these headphones are very bad. I bought these headphones in 2017 (last year) and they were some of the best headphones Ive ever had while they lasted (which wasnt very long). The sound quality is really good and the mic is excellent. However, the mic broke off not long after I bought them. I was devastated and confused because all I did was flip the mic down and it was like the cheap plastic keeping the mic attached crumbled (The mic still worked, it was was just hanging lifelessly). I told myself its okay, you have a warranty, you bought the insurance (dont buy the insurance btw, they will do nothing for you, they will ignore every message, they dont care about you). I contacted Corsair directly and they said: "Okay, we will send you a new pair." I was happy. I get the new pair, theyre working great. I treat this pair like the fine china they apparently are. A couple of months pass and disaster strikes again. The cord on these is very long, extremely long, unnecessarily long. The cord twists incessantly, its annoying. One day I notice theres a slight tear in the cord, which I assume is from the stress of the cord always being twisted around. The mic is now having a hard time, my voice is always cutting out. The slightest jostle is enough to cause the sound to not work. Having to hear the computer woman say "Mic On" 20,000 times a day whenever I have to manipulate the headphones into working is the most annoying thing about this experience. Speaking of the computer woman, the Corsair app or program (whatever) is such a joke. Half the time the program wont open and keep your settings but I could deal with it if the headphones could spend 1 (1) week intact. Im not bothering to send Corsair another email. Im not going to spend more money to send these headphones back just so they can send me another pair that will break in a month? No thanks. Dont buy these PLEASE. At least get wireless ones or ones where you can actually replace the cord if something goes wrong with it, trust me.
If you want to listen to music with these and like bass, dont bother with these, the bass is literally nonexistent. Update: Its been 4 months and even though I treat them perfectly (they never even leave my desk) the bass has noticably declined further, and the right side of the headset is significantly quieter and weaker than the left. The sound quality was never excellent, but the sound is now clouded with static. Probably the worst purchase I have ever made.
The audio quality on this headset is amazing. The moment I used it I could tell there was something special. The issue was that it was amazing when it worked. I had this headset for a few weeks playing Overwatch with friends using Discord as our voice chat tool. Every night I played a game with them, the audio would randomly cut out so until I left and rejoined the channel either nobody could hear me or I could not hear them. I could still hear game audio, just not chat audio. I went back to my old Razer headset, which had problems of its own, but this specific issue never came up. I would cut out occasionally, but it was never so bad that I had to tab out of my game to reset Discord. The issue was with the headset, not my PC. Also Corsair products run with something called Corsair Utility Engine and it seems that the CUE for this headset is an old version. My keyboard uses a newer version but the download prompt for the headset uses a 1.X version. Overall good quality, but it didnt work.
The sound isnt all that great for a 60 dollar headset, and the corsair engine has to be the WORST software I have ever had to use. I found it breaking all of my devices to be unusable to only find out that the firmware is incompatible with everything, even the headset itself. I wouldnt mind just getting rid of the engine. However, in order to use the Surround sound (which is not even all that great) and EQ settings, youre going to have to go through that mess. Pros: The mic is pretty good! and the headset is pretty comfortable! even with glasses! But for  60 dollars, you could probably find something you can use without some kind of engine software.
Ordered my headphones for new gaming headpiece and I open my package today, to find that the cord is cut! So mad about this.
sound separation is not enough than my expectation
Great sound quality and the CUE software is easy to use. My gripe is with the loose fit. I dont know what size head they designed these for, but they are too loose to wear comfortably for long periods.
Whenever listening to audio from any source plugged into the computer, you can hear random pops and crackles in the audio. Corsair has to get on with their quality control.
So, after having the HyperX Cloud for years, I decided to switch it up, and try this lower model, before potentially investing in a better set of headphones, just to see whats being offered by the competition. I can honestly say that these sound horrible, and thats all you need to know. A couple of years ago, I purchased some $20 Phillips headphones for running, which sounded, without hyperbole, 3 times better than these. The sound quality is crap, and even worse when the driver-based "surround" is enabled. Even after equalization, highs and lows are out of whack, and its just a bad product. The construction is okay, and I have to give credit where its due; the design is unique, and appealing. If you want your headphones for looks, this is a good choice; if you want them for sound quality, look elsewhere. I personally will be looking into returning these.
Sound great, they are very comfortable but Corsairs iCUE software adds a constant static.  This means that I can not use the surround sound function or change the RGB color or settings.
Forces you to have their program running at all times, if you don’t want constant pulsing rainbow lights or want to change EQ. No way to save to the device. Avoid Corsair.
this a very large
All Im saying is for how beefy/bulky these things are, youd think for an $80 pair of headphones youd be getting some really good quality audio. Im on spotify listening to HQ downloaded music (their highest setting) and there is very little bass. Its not crisp at all, to put it kindly. Perhaps this is made more for gaming and I didnt understand that. So. Know  what youre going for I guess.
I bought this back in February when my previous headset broke. Getting this thing to work was an absolute nightmare. I dont know if this thing has compatibility issues with Windows 7 or what, but Ive never had a headset that took this much work to get running. After finally getting the speakers to work, I noticed that attempting to use the microphone with Discord made it so that all audio and video playback would stop loading until I disconnected and reconnected the headset. Because of this, Ive had to go back to using my old mic. As a cherry on top, the headset has starting cutting out randomly, taking a few minutes of fiddling with it in order to get it working again. I think this actually stems from the Corsair Utility Engine and not from the headset itself, but it refuses to run without the software so I thought Id note that here. All in all, this headset is great when it manages to actually work. I wouldnt recommend getting it unless youre up for some serious troubleshooting though.
Pros: - feels comfortable - rgb is cool Con: - Mic is average - sound is echoing (SOUNDS TERRIBLE), even worse in the dolby surround mode non audiophiles might not mind but overall if sound is your thing, avoid these.
It stopped working. Although it has light and had power, we couldn’t hear anything or do change settings in order it will work
Cons: Sound keeps crackling, ruins the whole experience, cannot ignore. Can’t get mic to work in any games, not sure why. Pros: I do like the volume control on the headset. Sound (setting aside the constant crackle) is very nice. Overall; very disappointed.
[UPDATE 2] It is now September 7th, about 15 weeks since purchase. Time of use has actually gone down to about 3 hours a week. The headset is always properly stored and cables are not coiled. Despite all this, Ive begun getting the "The USB device is unrecognizable" pop up every time I plug it in, no matter which USB port I use, whether that be USB 2.0 or 3.0. I had to dig up my 8 year old TurtleBeach X12s, because they happen to still function perfectly fine, despite having several hundred hours of use as my main headset for Console gaming, and having three potential failure points at the connectors, via the mic output, headphone input and USB for power. There is no excuse, at this price point, to explain how this headset stopped working after roughly 90 hours of use, give or take. BUYER BEWARE. I was hoping that Corsair would reach out to me after seeing my first review to rectify the situation but havent heard anything. I will admit that I never ended up reaching out to them the first time issues started occurring, but at this price I shouldnt have to reach out. [UPDATE 1] I got this thing May 16th. Ive been using it no more than about 5-7 hours a week. It is now August 5th, and it constantly resets, like the audio cuts out, and then theres a long pause, and it comes back. Ive also started getting "The USB device is unrecognizable" or something of the sort all the time. I will try to get in touch with Corsair, see what they can do with the warranty and all that, and will try to update my review when I get a response. Other than that, works as intended. The surround sound is pretty cool, but also hardly noticeable? Its difficult to tell sometimes if its working or not. Also, the incoming sound quality is really good, and Im told VOIP(??) quality is clean and crisp, excellent voice quality on both Skype and Discord calls.
Got them to work once,after unplugging them and replugging them in that stopped. The computer stopped recognizing them. Called support, not much help other then to return them. I returned them and got Hyperx cloud 2, best decision.
Tried this thing on three different computers: two with Windows 8.1, one with Windows 10. On each of them, the sound received from the mic was always at half volume. Returned it, got another. Same results. Got another headset from Logitech; it worked just fine. Its improbable that two headsets would have the same microphone problems; this thing is obviously poorly-made trash. Save your money.
The lowest quality headset in this price range. Mic audio is bad, sound quality is bad, everything is just bad. The only redeemable thing about this headset is the fact that its comfortable. -Will
It works great on my pc but on console im not able to mute and unmute myself so thats a bummer. Regardless its a great gaming headset
Sound quality sucks
There is just no excuse for headsets to be designed for male heads in 2019.  The headset is loose on my average-female head - both in height and width - which means the ear "cups" hang lower than intended.  The top of my ears keep them from sagging further down, which might become a comfort issue in the future.  Because they are not a closer fit, sound also escapes the headset.  Voice quality is below average, but input sound quality is great.  The ear cup shape is large - again perhaps designed for male heads or just intended to cover the entire side of your head, LOL?  The padding is especially comfortable, but the headset is too loose to be sure.  I like that the mic can be fully raise if not in use, but wish it would also go lower than mid-chin level.
I will start off by saying Im not an audiophile.  as background, I upgraded from logitech G35 (which finally broke), which had good audio quality, and (to me at least) great pretend 7.1. Im not sure if this will make any sense, but on my G35s without the 7.1 the sound was flat, but with it on, it sounded spherical, lit truly sounded like you were IN the music. It made listening to music great!. What I was really looking for in headphones was something that duplicated the amazing (to me) sound of the logitech 7.1, but without the awful engineered-to-fail of the logitech headsets.  the 7.1 on these is kinda just...meh.  the feel like you are in the music effect is maybe 30% of the g35? Now, these headphones.  With an old version of corsair CUE installed (it didnt recognize headphones) the volume toggle worked. I updated CUE and now the volume toggle doesnt seem to do anything, but the audio quality was TERRIBLE! I cant stress enough how truly horrendous it was, you would actually get better audio out of a potato. The best way I can describe it is overall very muffled, and the base was constantly clipping with any amount of sound, it wasnt necessarily any louder tho.  If there was an explosion it would just sound like that awful wind in a mic. All that being said, the CUE software allows you to force a firmware update, which seems to have fixed the sound MOSTLY (if it hadnt, I would have returned IMMEDIATELY).  After tweaking the EQ a bunch, it still sounds a little muffled overall, especially with bass heavy stuff.  The only way I can get it to sound almost decent is to have the 32-500Hz turned down and the 2K-16KHz turned up some. Believe the rest of the reviews saying the software is limited, you have 5 EQ profiles, a few lighting effects...and thats it. Also believe the reviews that say it fits loosely on the head.  I have a slightly larger than average head, and they never quite sit right, and because of this, sound seems to leak out behind my ears and, I dont know how to describe it, just detracts from the sound more. I mean, if you hold the cups into your head it improves the sound. now, maybe this is something that I could get used to but right now its annoying. The good things, the look and feel of it is overall quite nice.  It feels quite a lot more robust than my G35. TL;DR:  I purchased on prime day for $54, I wish I hadnt. Should have just got a semi-disposable logitech.
Sound quality was good, but I got a defective pair and decided not to get a replacement and just return them. Luckily they broke within a week. Also, the cable is really short for these headphones.
The headset its great but the one thing I hate about it is the fitting of it. Its so loose. You move your head down and it falls off. The CUE Software its also horrible, makes my game framerate drop about 5-10 Frames. Doing a refund but get it if you think you might like it. Bought it on Prime Day
These headphones were too large on my head. It would shuffle around my ears with any movement and there was a gap on the bottom of my ears even on the smallest setting. Im a 53" girl and I was really excited to get these because they looked amazing and I had heard great things from other people but I was extremely disappointed.
Comfortable, good controls, sound like crap, 5.1 surround is unusable, regular stereo, sounds bad also, Im stuck with crappy headset till my kids destroy them.
Im a big Corsair fan but this headset is underwhelming in terms of quality and features. They have decent sound in stereo but thats not why one purchases 7.1 "Pro" headphones. The surround effect is simulated and basically inundates all sound with reverb, making everything sound like youve stuck your head in a church bell. Corsairs control panel offers plenty of lighting options but when it comes to sound all you have is a choice over your mic level and mic feedback levels and an equalizer. There is no way to control the soundstage of various channels or their volumes. The headset feels nice and is comfortable but so was my last Logitech headset and it cost 20 dollars cheaper. Thinking of returning this item.
Never worked properly with CUE software, corsair products are nice, but all of their headphones are pretty bad. Returning it because the audio quality is terrible without the app, but the app does not work so.
Ive had these for less than a year and they already have an intermittent hissing/crackling sound.  Theyre still in warranty, but according to Corsair I would need to return all the original documentation along with the headset and would be responsible for the shipping cost.  Its not worth the time and effort for a $60 headset, so into the trash they go. Before they broke, I was perfectly happy with them, which is the only reason I left 2 stars instead of 1.
For the price you can find way better. I had a friend hype this up something fierce but they suck. They dont fit at all if you are smaller or have a smaller head. For reference Im 54 and 115-120 lbs. The sound is sub-par for the quality they are supposed to be. I will be returning them for a full refund.  Not worth it!
Ive had this headset for over a year, and its.. pretty ok, I guess. Nothing amazing. Sound quality is decent but nothing to write home about and sometimes the drivers or something screw up and make random static-y noises that dont go away until the headset is unplugged and plugged in again. Ive noticed music sounds better through my iphone earbuds than this headset, but its for gaming, not music, so Ill concede with that point. The mic sounds *alright*, as I said with sound quality, nothing to write home about. The Corsair RGB program is an absolute nightmare to deal with and somehow manages to be extremely buggy even though its been around long enough for them to have fixed the issues. My Corsair K65 Lux keyboard is also affected by the bugs of this program, so I wont blame the headset necessarily. It looks pretty great, though, and its Corsair. So thats something.
If you have a smaller head than most, these are NOT the headphones to get. Theyre meant for huge heads apparently, because these are the first headphones Ive ever bought that actually hang off of my head and are too loose for comfort; rather than being able to adjust the size enough to be able to have them fit, I have to get used to having these monstrous ear pieces swallow my ear and half my head whole. Probably the worst headset Ive bought, and I thought all of these reviews would mean something.
I purchased (and returned) these at a different store but want to share my experience with them. For the short period of time that I owned these I did like the overall build quality and fit.  The issue that I had is that there an incompatibility with using these on some Asus motherboards with built in Realtek sound cards (mine is Asus Prime Z370 P).  This prevents you from being able to adjust the volume on the headphones (using the control on the headphones or through Windows).  Corsair is aware of the problem but as of 29 June 2018 they do not have a solution other than use a different mother board. Another thing that I discovered while trying to problem solve the volume bug is that Windows 10 does not see these as surround capable headphones, just stereo.  This means that the virtual surround processing that they are doing is being performed against just 2 channel audio instead of any multi-channel sound that your PC may be producing.  There are other brand virtual surround headphones in this same price range that Windows 10 will see as surround devices which allow them to give a better and more accurate virtual surround experience. Finally, the software gives very little in the way of control for the virtual surround.  It is either on or off (stereo or Dolby surround).  There are not adjustments for virtual sound balancing or positioning.
The headset is extremely comfortable,the ear cuffs feel very nice even though extended gaming periods. The fit and finish is very nice. On to the bad the cue software is awful, my headset will not function without the cue software. The sound quality is sub par and the headset has a constant slight screech at all times. In short better headsets exist. This comes from a guy who has spent way too much money in corsair products this headset is way behind the times.
It is not worth the investment. You will be better off with a wired headset instead of this thing. 1. Doesnt charge properly: the connection port is poorly designed and your usb cable will soon get loose, discontinuing the charging all the time. 2. The built-in audio notification is an absolute nightmare. Whenever you turn this thing on or off, adjusting volume, or mute your mic etc, little things like these will trigger a robotic female voice notification that speaks a message for like 3 seconds, extremely annoying. Worst thing is, there is no options in the setting to turn this notification off. 3. The RGB on the headset is just overall useless. You are not going to see it anyways. 4. material quality is just low, breaks easily.
THEY ARE WAY TO BIG FOR THE AVERAGE HEAD SIZE.
3 months of having these and they are already broken! Don’t buy
Its decent I like the RGB and it has decent sound quality but you have to tune it yourself for better results. The mic also needs ALOT of improvement... its pretty bad tbh. I didnt know that XBOX DOES NOT SUPPORT USB OR BLUETOOTH HEADSETS. So I was really bumed out...Im not really one to return stuff but I was a little disappointed...it should be made clear that it is PC and PS4 ONLY.
I dont like writing bad reviews unless I am truly disappointed.  With that, the audio quality of this headset is garbage.  Prior to this headset, I was using another brand headset of equal cost to these.  The audio quality in my previous headset is far superior to this Corsair Void PRO headset.  I spent an hour tuning the equalizer just to make these usable.  Not sure if the drivers are defective or if they just perform poorly, but I wish I would have never purchased this headset.
I have a large skull and these are a little lose on me. The sound is ok, but not the greatest. 7.1 does not give a accurate representation. The padding on the top is not great, and the fabric is loose. The mic is a little soft but not bad. The controls are awkward but usable. They do fit over my ears so that is good. They only muffle outside sounds, it would be nice if they had a pass through mode so you could press a button and hear what people are saying. They are decent value for the money.
I understand I got it cheaper then my previous headsets but I think for the sound quality that I love the 20 dollars saved wasnt worth it.
Look. This headset looks cool, until Slayer comes on and your body reacts in ways that it hasn’t seen in years causing to to start bobbing your head, this headset flies off faster than a prom dress on prom night. Also there’s so much static, I feel like I’m having PTSD back to Nam radioing for air support with the amount of static I’m hearing during regular chats with the homies or gaming with noobs. Save yourself the Taco Bell for a couple days and spring for a nicer headset. You’ll thank me.
Worse in every way compared to my Corsair 1500s--self-monitoring level too low to be useful, sound quality is worse, microphone noise-canceling ineffective. Tried to return but 1 DAY past my window.
Mannnn my turtle beaches finally broke, got them in a PS3 bundle a long time ago, so I finally go to buy new ones, I bought a pair a razr that were $80, I didnt like the way they sat on my ears, so I decided these looked pretty good, so I got them and they fit! But the sound is HORRIBLE no bass, people could barely hear me I boosted everything, on the software, discord. 60 dollars is 59.99 to much for these headphones
Yeah this lasted me from July 5th 2018 to March 20th 2019 if anyone who wants to buy this wonders how long this headphone will last.... 8 and a half months. Anyways the headset refuses to charge I have used 5 different usbs I have tested if it charged other things yada yada whatever it does not work. Not long lasting but hell its a pretty efficient wireless headset for its price.
I purchased these headphones at the very end of November. Im a working student, so I dont have a ton of time to spend gaming. The headphones have probably gotten around 10 hours of use per week since I purchased them. Im a big fan of the headphones, and I find them very comfortable. Unfortunately some issues with the headphones have developed in just the past couple of weeks. Upon plugging in the headphones there is a constant buzzing sound that I can hear along with anyone else Im in a call with online. The only way I can fix this is by unplugging them several times until they stop. Also, the microphone itself also began sticking when pulling it down to talk, or raising it back to the resting position. Im not sure if I got unlucky and received a faulty pair, but Im pretty disappointed with the longevity of these. I think when any of us purchase a corsair product we expect it to last more than just a few months.
With everything that cause computer issues, I wasnt certain if it was my motherboard, my RAM, PSU, faulty USB ports, or some sort of EMI/voltage leak causing my headphones to unexpectedly emit deafening, sharp crackly static sounds. Took me a year of trial-and-error troubleshooting but I eventually identified it: These headphones. I bought them for the microphone quality. The pickup is clear. In videogames, people can hear you. Want to listen to music? Browse videos? Its russian roulette with these things. You never know when someones tone of voice or a car driving past will hit a frequency that breaks the speakers and blasts your eardrums with a high-frequency SNAPSNAPSNAP! Go with Razer or Turtle Beaches.
Pros: Mic quality is good, noise canceling is good. Sturdy design. Fits my big head ok. Cons: Overall sound quality is lacking for the price point. Weak bass, Hear hissing sounds sometimes when listening to low volume. They are heavy and cause discomfort. Head gets hot while wearing them Would not recommend.
Ive never purchased a Corsair headset before so I thought I would try this out vs a Razer Kraken headset that Ive had many times in the past. The sound on these is okay but I had a feel lows that sort of turned me off. The headset does not sit very snug on my ears, with the bottom of the earcups being open and not fitting to my head. Now I know what youre thinking: this is a personal "size of my specific head" problem, but the lack of adjustable sliding up/down fitting is what let this happen. Almost all quality headsets at this price point allow you to adjust the cups vertically, but not these. Also I was not crazy about the software controls for the equalizer. Just felt really clunky. While Im not much of a Razer Synapse guy, they did the equalizer settings much better. All in all 3/5. They *sound* alright, but the lack of a comfortable to use equalizer, and the lack of adjustability that almost all headsets at this price point have, really left me feeling like I should have returned it and swapped it for something else while I had the chance. It just sits far too loose on my head but of course your mileage will vary on this.
The headphone dont work... I want a refund please or send to me a new headphone.
First, it was a fast ship. but when i opened and connected them to my pc the sound was crappy, mic didnt work at all, and the software for it wont open at all or display anything.
Its light weight and looks very slick. This is my first headset change in 10 years so I hope it doesnt let me down. I have been using the Logitech G930 for 10 years because the surround sound headset is amazing but it always breaks every 2 years due to cheap material or something internally breaks. I can easily say sound in the G930/G35 are better in my opinion. It has a way better surround sound if you love listening to music like myself. That is the only main thing I dislike so far about the Corsair Void Pro. I know Logitech has a easy 2 or 3 year return policy where theyll ship you a new one as long as you have the receipt. -Update- Been having annoying load times ever since I got the headset with some games and programs. Starting to regret this headset...
I enjoyed the headset quality ever since I first bought it. But now the mic does not seem to work anymore. Is there a way I can replace this?
The mic does not stay in the upright position and constantly falls back down. Incredibly annoying when eating or drinking anything.
Sound quality is not very good no better then a 30-40$ headset
My only complaint about this product is that it does NOT fit my head securely. This makes it more of a hassle to use then it is worth. Sound quality is very good and the material is high quality. I do recommend for those who have a larger head size since it would fit better. Overall, I give this product 3 stars.
So, not uncommon with cheapo wired headsets: after excessive use, picking up and putting down, maybe headbanging to music, the wire going into the headset itself slips from within the headsets left ear piece cause the glue they use prolly just isnt good enough, and low and behold the wire cant connect with the headset itself anymore and the whole operations bust unless you get a glue gun, some wire splicers and wanna void the warranty (if its got one). Except for this headset. This one had an even better problem- by which I mean, uniquely worse. Not only did the cord going into the headset get loose, its like it started freaking melting. I dont know if it just leaks this weird green-black oxidized goo because thats what the wire is lined with, or if the wire itself was made to just erode from the sheer intensity of the thing freakin existing. This had the added effect of, as the wire cracked apart and eroded into nothing, I couldnt even lather it up with electrical tape cause the goo just ruined the tapes adhesive. Even now, weeks after the initial damage, its still leaking that weird, smelly, messy goo from the constantly eroding grey piece between the wire and the left ear piece. I know I got it on sale, but for the base price, youd think something like this would last longer than the cheapo 50 dollar tiers below it. But, no, its just made to go in a uniquely different way. Felt like a ripoff, in that sense. For reference, this product lasted around a year Despite that, the actual sound qualitys pretty amazing, and the comfort of wearing it is pretty high. Go with the wireless version if youre really hankering for it; this wired copys made to go, and theres no stock-standard one year replacement policy despite this. Only giving this two stars cause I poured so much money into it compared to a fifty dollar higher tier disposable one, and it still went in pretty much the same time, which was kind of a letdown. Also, yeah, buy the extended warranty, you wont regret it with these things. If it lasts you three-four years, it was worth the price of admission.
It is the worst sounding headphone with the worst mic Ive ever purchased. Youre better off buying the $35 Logitech ones. Its constantly blasting white noise at you, and the sound is distorted and distant, they sound like cheap earbuds you get with your phone. Do not recommend.
Perfect headset for King Kong or Bigfoot or some massive ape like creature, but a regular sized human? lol.. 7 1/2" hat wearer and these hardly hang on to my head. The ear shape is fairly comfortable but not when theyre hanging off your head. Sound quality left a lot to beg for, so I returned then after a week. Being a "gaming" headset you should be immersed into the game with full and deep sound, not the flat and quite sound these delivered. Im done with the "gaming headset" gimmick. I tried the steelseries artics 3s and they were worse. Time to find a good quality pair of cans. Its sad that all these "youtubers" and "pro gamers" get paid to hock this junk and I wasted hours comparing "gaming headsets" against each other. Crap vs crap = crap.
Bought this two days ago. Since the wire on my Logitech broke but still works at times. Wanted to try a different brand. Sounded great for the first time use then I downloaded the Corsair App for the headset. Everything went silent no noise nothing... Couldnt hear my game, music, and when I tried to change the settings on my sound. Crashed several times until I uninstalled the App everything worked, so Im staying with it but I cant change the presets anymore but oh well.
Cool headset n all but very cheap, the wire easily tangled, and is a tad big for people with big heads, and inside the headphone theres close to no cushion, however the sound quality is good, and I like the little button on the side to change the volume and equalizer. For the price its a decent headset
The headset works great but it is just way too big for me. It doesnt grip your head well and slides around a lot. It looks and sounds great, just doesnt stay on my head very well.
Sad to say when I got them the mic came broken out the box. Whenever I try to communicate with other players they tell me they can barely understand me and it sounds like I’m a robot malfunctioning... so I’ll let you be the judge.
Sound quality on these is incredibly low, and they dont even meet flush with your head at the bottom either. I got these on discount and Im still not convinced I even got what I paid for - Ive had $10 earbuds with better quality than these.
I bought the USB carbon version for PC gaming. Pros: sleek looking. leds. corsair product. Did I say leds? yeah LEDS. soft material Cons: overall fitment felt awkward. loose fitting, didnt fell the snug feeling I like. Sound was basic, subpar almost. Mic sounded horribly. Several connectivity issues for me. I was super disappointed with the headset. Perhaps I had gotten a previous return or just a lemon set but.... The sound was average to sub par for what I was expecting to be honest. Some of the EQ presets helped but I just found the audio quality not to be as crisp and clean as I was expecting. The fitment also didnt help. I think its just due to the designed but i did not like the way the headband sat on my head. Mine also seem to sit on my head very loosely even with the head band all the way in. I typically wear mine at 2 clicks pulled out. The next issue was I had numerous connectivity issues which to be honest I was prepared for because even with my old headset I had some of the same problems initially but I would shut down my system or reboot and seem to always have some problem to sort out. ***This may entirely due to my systems and not the headphones them selves***** But the kicker that killed it all was the mic output quality. In discord ever one noted the my voice had static over the couple days I used these. Could never figure issue out. I also did not care for mute button placement or the fact that if you flipped the mic up it did not mute the mic. Overall was super dissatisfied which tbh sucked because Im typically a fan of corsair products. I would recommend a different headset model.
Sound quality is good, good feel, easy to use but the mic is garbage. Literally sounds like I’m talking through an Xbox 360 mic that was made in the 1930’s
I really like these it has good sound the microphone is good and Ive dropped it once or twice and it is perfectly fine. But the only reason I gave it a 3 star is because it only turns on when it wants to on my PS4
I loved this headset until the garbage CUE and ICUE software just stopped working for it. Did an update to the software (it gave me a notification), and once it was done CUE no longer detects my headset. I have done everything, uninstalled drivers, uninstalled and reinstalled the software, tried an older version of the software, different USB ports, windows updates...everything. Corsair support doesnt know what my issue is, and now they are having me send it in for replacement. I would really like this, but I highly doubt its a hardware issue. The software just doesnt work right, I have tried 3 different versions at this point. The headset worked perfect before the CUE update. The headset is working with default drivers but the CUE software cant control the lights, enable dolby surround, cant use the side buttons on the headset, or change the muc input/output because CUE does not detect it. Wish this would have happened earlier when I could have returned these and got a headset from logitech or razor with software that is not trash.
False surround sound. Just some flashy trashy headset from where I stand. The software they ask you to download, just as trash because it cant even detect the thing. I bought a cheap $20 headset a couple years ago at a Walmart that performed just as well as this and didnt require any software.
The bass boost is hardly noticeable, the surround affect is terrible... this is an extremely low-fi headset for a premium price, and you have to run the corsair utility if you want its sub-par surround to function.  On my latest build, the system wont even detect the hardware as an audio device.  Trash.
These headphones sound like aids
Nice headphones, good build quality, sound quality is well terrible.  There is no bass, the voice portion sounds like a wafer...Great cheap headphones but not great.
You would think you might get some nice braided cables as you would usually get from Corsair. Well... You might be disappointed, I bought these last year and the cable has twisted and tangled and is generally an all-around hassle to deal with. Honestly, you should probably just buy headphones and a separate mic if you are on pc. The audio sounds fine, but Im no audiophile so take that in what sense thou wilt. Stay away from these.
I initially loved these headsets, but they stopped working right after return window for my purchase was up... Everytime I plug them in I get a device error. I typically love Corsair products, but After this. I dont know...
there is ZERO bass in these headphones, like listening to music/games in a tin can.
Was so excited about the head phones, they were on sale at a great price. Have not had them for maybe 6 months and noticed the sound would get fuzzy every now and again. I thought maybe it was a  early access game (Hunt Showdown), but after playing different games and listening to music I realized it happened more. Maybe a wire issue? Then a few weeks ago I noticed the material around the right  ear piece was torn. I a gentle guy especially with my electronics, so that is why I rated the head phones low. Sound great if you can get past the fuzzy-ness.
I really wanted to love this. It fit well on my big old head. But. I could not, no matter what I did, get it to work properly. I am not sure if it was the USB extension cord I was trying to use (tried several), or Win7, or what. I got tired of troubleshooting it after a day and returned it. I gave the wireless version a try and so far I love that one. YMMV I guess.
They just quit working after about a month and a half and
Not surround sound. Used to be decent headphones for the price, now they frequently yell or beep loudly in my ears. The new software is awful, cant find a way to turn those off.
Headline says it all. I later bought a Corsair HS50 which fits well and sounds great and gifted the void to my little cousin.
I have been wanting these for a while, and when I finally get them the mic isn’t working right. I sound distorted in the mic. But they actually sound good.
These headsets are garbage.  I have a Turtle Beach headset that are half the price from 10 years ago and they sound way better, especially for FPS games.  Whats even worse, the microphone doesnt work with Discord, even though it is advertised as "Discord certified".  I called customer support for help, and they told me the Discord incompatibility was not their problem.  Save your money and dont buy these if you are a gamer.
Mic Quality? Its good friends says it clear from discord Sound Quality? This is the part which sort of got me down. It sounds muffled and not clear. Comfort? Comfort is here its quite nice. Fits my head Overall: This would be a good headset if youre
I like the build quality, the surround sound is awful compared to Logitechs Dolby option.(Point of reference being g930, g430, & g633) It sounded quite muddy. I had to go into the EQ and turn up the mid and high end. I couldnt get it where I wanted it to be.
dont buy if you have  middle long hair ( male) every time it pulls my hair out
Not sure if i received a defective one but these are not good for games. Returning
Save yourself the money.. the sound sucks very bad. My old logitec g930 is way better.
The headset itself is pretty good but the iCUE is atrocious, I have it set to start with windows and it doesnt always do that, sometimes I reset the settings and it works some other times it doesnt and when it does start with windows it isnt always reliable and by that I mean that I have to open it manually so I can make use of the sorround feature and what not
The sound was fine for a while, but it only lasted 3 months before the mic stopped working. The headset is also generally uncomfortable for someone with a smaller head. Anytime I wore it for more than an hour or so, I’d get a headache. The one highly redeeming quality was that I could use my speakers instead of the headset for sound, and the mic would pick up only my voice and not the sounds from the speaker.
Ear cups rotate inward rather than outward making it awkward to temporarily remove one cup to hear someone over your headset. Microphone quality is not as good as my previous headset by logitech which was around the same price point, still good however. Comfort is very good on this product and stays comfortable over long periods of use. I had the mute button not work for a while but the functionality come back last month which was weird. Would still recommend but would be cautious if you are looking for a perfect product.
I had the headset for not even an hour and processed a return for them. Headset was very loose feeling on my head even at the max settings. The amp was not in the box, i dont know why it was even pictured. That and one ear phone was off on sound and just overall didnt feel like something i would enjoy.
Headphones broke already
I have used several headsets and earphones in the past, some of which have been these "gamery headsets" from legit and derivative companies. Here is my honest opinion - Im not fond of these "bass boosted" sounds or any form of equalizers that changes the sound signature. Im only interested in a neutral sound that comes out exactly as intended from the music/sound producer. I kept all optimizations off at the CUE software. As it is in the Overwatch sound menu, it tells you to keep the driver-level optimizations off. This allowed me to test how this headset sounded natively without all the gimmick on top. My daily driver is the M50X, and heres my summary with the VOID PRO USB Wired headset: Pros: - build quality is nice, feels like its durable, but I cant tell the same for mic - it has a USB connector so I can plug it in at the front or back of the machine without loss in quality. Cons: - doesnt fit tightly on my small head, snug, and absolutely NO SOUND ISOLATION. - there is absolutely NO BASS. Its effing teeny and sound signature is virtually "empty". - there was no noticeable difference between my daily driver and this in terms of 7.1 surround sound - people can hear my breathing at the mic even if I have microphone sense level set in the CUE software at 30-40%. I had to raise the mic to my eye level to prevent it from picking up my breathing. This is far from ideal. - CUE software was a freaking pain to install, I never got the warning/error messages to go away. At one point it kept crashing and I had to uninstall/re-install the software several times. Because of these errors, I thought the bass was completely missing but it turned out to be false messages. I own some Corsair products, but I was seriously dissatisfied with the quality of engineering that went into this headset. Their software sucks more than Razer Synapse.
the microphone sucked when i tried to talk to my friends on discord. Discord certified my butt
Got these as a gift for Christmas and ended up being disappointed. The microphone is kind of in your face and doesnt adjust very well and they are way too big.  I dont have a very large head and the only way I can game with these on is if Im wearing a hooded sweatshirt. Would not recommend for children or people with smaller heads. Also, I kept getting comments in discord from my friends saying that my voice sounded funny. I never had that issue before.
For business meetings on Skype, I have been using Turtle Beach - Ear Force Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes Stereo Gaming Headset - Xbox 360, and it works fine. Right now its just $25 on Amazon.com. However, for a while I wanted to try something else, perhaps with better sound insulation. So, I received these CORSAIR headphones. On the outside (box, packaging), they look great. However, I cannot say the same about comfort and sound quality. There is nothing that I like about using these headphones: - They feel about twice heavier than the Turtle Beach. One would hope that this heaviness adds to sound insulation. Not at all! The frame that holds everything together is flimsy and is not rigid enough to hold ear cushions tightly, so they are not close to the skin, especially at the bottom, regardless of the position of the headphones. - Sound quality of my voice on the other side is so-so. I alternated between both headphones in real time on a Skype call, and the party on the other side that definitely my voice sounds more muffled on CORSAIR. - CORSAIR design forces you to wear mic on the left side, while the Turtle Beach can be worn on either side (I strongly prefer having mic  on the right.) So, in my opinion and personal experience, the simple Turtle Beach headphones beat CORSAIR hands down. I wish this were not the case...
Audio quality is subpar for the price. The mic is actually pretty good but I expected a LOT for sound quality.
Microphone volume is too low, and cannot control it.
TLDR is these are heavy uncomfortable and produce soso sound, with very good directional sound for gaming. This headset is pretty heavy.  That was the first thing I noticed when I put it on.  The mid bar feels like it would get uncomfortable quickly but it took longer than I thought.  The fabric the opted with is a bit scratchy, its noisy when you put it on as it rubs over your ears and the ear cups are shallow enough that the center of your ear will likely press against that cloth while wearing them.   In short this is a fairly uncomfortable headset.  Its not going to scream at you (outside of maybe the weight) but there are substantially better products on the market and Corsair claims to make the best products around. The construction quality is quite high, it doesnt seem like it will break anytime soon though the padding could wear out. The music and video sound quality is fairly low.  Thats not a huge deal breaker but a lot of gaming headsets deliver a better sound quality so again I expect more from Corsair. The directional sound with the larger drivers is quite well done.  The software has presets for different types of games like FPS and you cna flick between them with on ear controls or in the UI.  This is the best feature of this product and might make it worth looking into for you. In the end I went this was not worth keeping for me.
Junk. Mic broke for no reason after 3 months.Usually, Corsair seems to make quality stuff, I guess their headsets are the exception.
Dont buy!! Mic is garbage. Even with software. Tons of complaints. And headset is USB which is double the garbage. If your system is under any heavy load the USB suffers. I have an i9, 16GB RAM, 1080Ti, and SSDs. I should *not* get stuttering sound but with a USB headset I do. I wish I wasnt past the return window and Id trade these for something with real audio plugs. Just dont buy!! My old Steelseries Siberia 2 was infinitely more reliable but they were damaged in a fire and I thought these would be better. BF4 and Fortnite both end up with stuttering in heavy fire fights. Do yourself a favor and hit the back button.
Corsair is known for all their great products. Headsets are not one of them, spend a little more, get a Logitech headset. I was getting ringing in the left earcup because the power sure is too close to the amplifier, even of you "live with it" eventually the speaker will break from that, save your money and get a good headset
Cant save profiles to device so you have to run Corsair software to keep lighting settings.
Sometimes the incomming VoIP still gets passed through speakers instead of headset. Even with making headset default audio/communications device, incomming VoIP still goes to speakers, even to my Oculus Rift at times.
Bad audio quality and distracting noise reduction for the price, definitely regret buying
Its been close to two months of me owning this headset and there is this aggravating static noise in the background that I cant get over; its overwhelming.
The audio quality, construction and comfort is great. However, if youre planning to use them on anything but windows, you pretty much loose all of the extra features such as noise cancellation, the ability to even mute them from the device, no surround sound, etc. Corsair told me they will not add any support for MacOS or Linux and would not release any open source code. I suppose it makes sense given this is a gaming headset which is sadly dominated by Windows, but its super lame they dont care at all about other users.
Id like to think I have a normal sized head but I dont know what kind of ogre sized neckbeard these were made for because I cant even move my head or they fall off. I only sneezed once with these suckers on cause they instantly turned into a projectile flying at mach 2 across my desk into my wall. Ive tried every adjustment and even bent them in half with no prevail. Only 2 stars cause the material quality is good.
I had to send 2 other sets of headphones on a hunt for a good set. Thought I would finally settle into an expensive pair from corsair. Not even a month later and the audio is crackling.
Generally flimsy, sound quality is great, quality of the mic not so much. Days after buying it, I was already having trouble with the USB. I love Corsairs hardware, peripheral devices I would stay away from.
Cant really tell that there are 7 different channels. Sound quality is just ok.
I do not know how to contact you guys, but I received a defective headset and choose to get a replacement but I would like a refund instead because I cant Wait till the 14th. Thanks.
Overall was a great headset for a year. Fits great, sounds great, mic is OK and has some cool features for a $60 mic. The issue I have is the USB wire was terrible quality and it never untangled itself from the box. It constantly bundles up trying to reform its tangled shape from the box it came in 1 year later. Because of that, it just shortened out on me. Maybe it was just bad luck but either way, unhappy it only lasted 1 year.
I purchased these in late October, already it has started to crackle in the right ear on certain videos or games. I hear its a driver related issue and have taken quite a few steps in trying to solve the issue. I am not happy at all with these headphones now, I made excuses for the bad sound quality and low bass but this is pathetic. This is Corsair and these should at least be as good as any generic off brand at the same price point. Im going to rethink about purchasing Corsair products from now on.
While the headset itself is nice, why this doesnt have a fabric threaded cord is BEYOND me. The rubber cord constantly tangles around itself and you lose inches upon inches of cord until you let untangle it again. Its so dumb. Fabric cord or gtfo.
Audio: The volume/bass is extremely low, so footsteps are extremely hard to hear compared to a headset like the HyperX Cloud IIs or something similar. Comfortability: Also, unless you have a huge head, these headphones DO NOT clamp AT ALL. Im writing this review a year late because this was my back up pair after my Cloud IIs broke. But I cant take it anymore, they fall off like its the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Noise cancellation: Dont expect any.
Its a great headset, dont get me wrong but the volume control switch broke one a month into using it. Shame shame. Still use it but sometimes my headset likes to decide what volume I should play at.
Honestly love corsair they make quality stuff, but these headphones are a miss. Mic boom is flimsy, sound quality is lacking, and just personal preference theyre heavy/uncomfortable.
