Honestly the best headphones Ive ever purchased, I play a lot of Rainbow Six Siege and it gives me great area awareness with its high tech audio. The best part about it is that its extremely durable and has very good quality materials not only the headphones but the cable that comes with it.
Its a really great upgrade from the cloud 2, and I think its a bit easier to drive. The sound stage is wide as a closed back headset. The volume is high on the PS4, the controller can handle the alpha really well.  Sound quality is clean and its kinda warm. The cloud 2 is a bit sharper and cleaner. But doesnt that means the alpha is bad. Dual chamber technology is weird. It felt like the driver is far and also the bass is far but boomy. I dont know how to explain it. Its comfortable headset but not as the cloud 2. The ear pads feels plastic! I like the headset it worth every dollar I spent on.
They work well
Great brand.
I like the sound, I don’t play things very loud so the fact that they definitely are quieter than the Razer Kraken set I had isn’t a bad thing in my book. The Krakens lasted a year before they started breaking up for no apparent reason on every platform so I hope these last longer.  Overall the sound is better. These are also more comfortable to me and I don’t really notice them after wearing them for a couple hours. I don’t have big ears or a big head and the krakens also didn’t fit as well as these do. They felt were too big actually but these fit perfect. The Krakens felt heavier on my head and my ears hurt after awhile. Up until I got these the Kraken Tournament editions were the best gaming set I had to this point. The mic’s are comparable imo. The turtle beach set I  have and still work don’t even come close. Gave those to my son when I got the Krakens. All are in same price range 80-100. I got the hyperX amp to go with these and there is a definite improvement. They go from great sound to phenomenal for the money. I will definitely buy an optical amp later.  The virtual surround for ps4 is worth it so with an optical amp I imagine it these would be even better. Unless you can spend a few hundred I think the Alpha’s are the best you can get. Music did sound tinny in the highs on pc unless you put it output into surround 7.1 or 5.1. Then the tinny highs go away. I didn’t notice the tinny sound on the ps4 with music. I got these for the PS4 primarily. 4 star for music due to the tinny highs. Volume control is responsive though so 5 star. 5 star for gaming due to comfort and sound, the mic is really good as well. I’d give this a 4.5 star rating for the price range.
Headset works great on its own. Sound is good for both mic and headset. Maybe expected a bit better for the price. However, paired with the USB Sound Card that is part of a bundle with this headset, audio becomes wildly inconsistent and the microphone quality tanks.
These headphones looked amazing upon unboxing them, they felt light in my hand which was a plus and the build quality felt really premium. When I first wore them I was amazed at how light and comfortable they were on my head, the clamping force was snug but not too snug IF you don’t wear glasses, I tried these on with my glasses and it felt as if the frames were pressing hard against my head which took some time to get used to. For gaming purposes I really liked how clear and crisp the sounds were which helped with immersion and locating the source of the sounds, however, there are times where the audio seemed separate as in I couldn’t hear a sound from both cups but just one despite the sound source being right in front of my character. As for listening to music or watching anything I feel that the balance could be better, I felt that it’s missing an extra kick to its quality. Now for the mic, I’ve been told that it’s not bad but not good either, some of my friends said my mic was too soft despite me tweaking the output and decibel boost and them increasing my volume. The quality of the mic was decent but sometimes muffled. The volume control wheel is nice and rotating the wheel feels good to do so, not too loose or too firm. Overall this headset is great for gaming despite its minor hiccups which may be from my end and listening is pretty good just not spectacular. This is a worth it purchase in my opinion
HyperX doesn’t disappoint had the hyperX stingers for at least 2+ years now upgraded to the alphas the noise in them are amazing comfort wise they are pretty damn comfortable good feel and very premium feel quality good on my vote
Excellent sound. Clear and works great for gaming on ps4
This is my first HyperX product and for my first impressions, are very warm. Theyre comfortable headphones that I use daily for gaming and music for PC. Glasses are not a problem. Ive used the removable microphone and it works just fine. I havent used the headphones on console but I wouldnt be surprised if the experience was unchanged. The build quality is excellent and I dont see it breaking in the foreseeable future. My only gripe I have with the alphas and its coming from my previous use of the SteelSeries Arctis 7s, Corsairs HS70s, Logitech G633s. The volume controls on the alphas use an inline one and while these controls work and arent easily manipulated by my shirt or something. It wouldve been much easier if the controls were on the headphones themselves but I do appreciate the minimal look of the headphones without it. If there was a gaming headset for anyone asking for the best bang for your buck at $99, it would be the HyperX Cloud Alphas.
awesome headphones!
i had these to  replace my old headphones and was very inmpresed at the sound and the quality of the headphones. work great for gaming and listening to movies, videos, and music.
I mean. It’s $100 worth of sound, it’s not going to compare in clarity to a $250+ set of cans but this $100 of sound blew me away with the extra amp sound card. The surround sound is excellent and provides such a good sound “setting.” I don’t think the sound is very great without the card, coming from Bose ae2 soundlinks, but with that card turned on games sound like they would at their absolute best. Such a quality product. I have to give it to HyperX for impressing me to such a degree. If you’re getting these, GET THE AMP SOUNDCARD! Tested on Tales of Symphonia Chronicles (midi music), Insurgency: Sandstorm, and World of Warcraft.
Great Quality!!
me encantó
Its just great, Great quality and very confortable and Im more that 1000 miles away from the US and I got it on less than 3 days. Thanks
Best headset ever, highly recommended
Great for gaming
Durable, great sound and blocks out noise really, really, really well.
I absolutely love this product. I have sizable keloids on both of my ears that would blister and crack while using other headsets but the materials used on the Cloud Alphas are so soft that my ears no longer suffer further damage. The sound quality has saved my life too many times to count while playing FPS games and the amount of focus I get from the noise canceling is phenomenal. I am in love with this product.
So I received this set of headphones as a gift from someone to try out and to give feedback on. First off, I would like to mention that this is an honest review about this product and that Im reviewing it because I want to tell those of you thinking about or looking into buying a new headset. I am not associated with the company that made this headset in any way. I have and had about 6 gaming headsets over the past 3 years: 2 received as prizes at gaming competitions (A Logitech G230 gaming headset and a Steelseries Siberia V3 headset) , 1 Playstation Gold Wireless Headset that I bought, used, and then returned because it stopped working after about 3 weeks, 2 very expensive Astro A40 MixAmp Pro headsets, and 1 Razer Kraken Pro v2. Gaming Headset that Ive had now for about 5 months. The Logitech headset required a mic and audio jack that you had to use together on your PC in order to work, did not work on anything else, the sound was always too low no matter what I tried to do with the settings on the computer or with the volume adjuster on the cable connected to the headset, and it was uncomfortable to wear. The Steelseries headset was comfortable to wear and it was relatively light, but I had crackling sounds with my audio and my mic would always cut in and out, and often too. So that one was practically a dud. The Playstation Wireless Gold Headset worked on both the PS3, PS4, and PC well for 3 weeks. It was also very comfortable, easy to use, and very immersive... until it stopped working for both the PS3 and PS4. I returned it to where I bought it and let the store know that it was defective. The store offered me in store credit to purchase a new one or I would not receive the full amount I paid for the headset if they gave me a refund. I used that store credit to get a very expensive Astro A40 MixAmp Pro headset. The Astro A40 MixAmp Pro headset was a very great headset to use. It was very comfortable, the sound was very immersive, used it for many other things than just gaming, but I had to always be plugged into either a console or PC in order to use it. The head cushion broke after 2 years of use. I was extremely disappointed when it happened and even more upset that I couldnt send it in to the makers of the headset for a repair since returning it was not an option. I liked that headset so much that I ended up buying another Astro A40 MixAmp Pro headset a few months ago. Great headset, but not for the price. Thats the last time I spend $250 for a headset. Still, I hadnt found a better headset to use in these past few months. I purchased a Razer Kraken Pro V2. to give it a try because I wanted a new headset that didnt give me headaches and I didnt want to spend a fortune on another headset. A friend of mine recommended it to me, let me try hers out, and I ended up liking it so much that I bought it when I saw it. It was reasonably priced at the time I got it. Great sound quality, comfortable if you dont use it for more than 1 hour, you can use it on any device, and the mic quality is really great! The biggest downside that I have is that it isnt as comfortable as I hoped it would be. Razer makes some good quality devices, but this one wasnt one of their better ones. A friend of mine who works at a gaming peripherals company asked me to give this one a try because he had heard my stories about my experiences with gaming headsets and he wanted to give these to me to try and keep. So this is my honest review about the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro Gaming Headset! Pros: Great Quality, the frame is made of metal so the parts dont break easily, very lightweight, doesnt even feel like youre wearing the headset at times, ear cushions are great, no more headaches!, sound quality is significantly better than every headset Ive ever owned, braided cord which means that it wont tear any time soon, or maybe not at all, the mic is awesome, and its very compact when you need to put it away. Even comes with a carrying bag for the headset! Cons: Ive used many different headsets, as stated above, Ive spent hours looking for flaws or negative things about this headset, and with all of that time spent, I cant say that there are any cons to owning this headset at all. Great job HyperX! Youve gained a new loyal customer! Final Comments: I am very impressed with this headset! This headset hasnt been out for more than a few days from the day this review was written, from what I was told, and its one of HyperXs best headsets that you can buy. If you have to make the choice to spend a reasonable amount of money for a great headset, this one is the one you should get! It is well worth your money and you wont be disappointed!
Great headphones
Comfort off the charts
High end set
I use these for PC gaming. They are very comfortable, the best Ive had in a headset. The removable/adjustable mic is nice, especially when I can remove the mic when I am not going to need it. The cord is braided and the included extension makes it perfect for reaching my PC under my desk. Great headset overall!
Best you can buy for the money
Great fit and nice sound quality. People do complain about hearing my pc if my volume is close to high ad there is 4 holes on each head piece making the noise travel outside the headset. People also have a hard time hearing me if my Mic is only 2 inches away. Must be super close to my Mic. Maybe this is a sign of good noise cancellation but not a huge fan of this as I might get louder than normal making it super loud.
Well made product, I use them for both my laptop and computer. I just love them
Bought for my son, he has had no issues with them. He uses them all the time.
Awesome
We did a bit of research before buying the HuperX Cloud Alpha headphone since it would be worn for hours at a time.  As advertised, it wears comfortably and the sound quality is good (not amazing).  The mic detaches easier than expected even without touching.
I love this HyperX Cloud Alpha headset! The sound quality is amazing and feels like youre really in the game. Lots of control options. I got the limited edition purple and white. Quality materials used, I can see this headset lasting a long time.
This headset is incredible awesome! Its the best experience around this price. Comfortable, perfect sound and this model is pretty beautiful!
I very rarely write reviews, but these are so good I felt like I should.  If you’re thinking about it, do it.  Well worth the money.  I bought them for gaming and they’re gonna replace my audio technica I use for music.
Amazing quality and sound, not 1 complaint. For the price, YOU CAN’T BEAT IT
Best headset out there. It’s a must have. Returned my steel series to get this. The build quality is amazing. Definitely worth every penny.
Got this for my sister for Christmas of 2017. Currently June of 2019 and she is still using them for her PC. She is always talking via Skype and playing game so she uses them a good amount. The price may drive some away but for how well the build quality is, its worth it. Ive also seen them go as low as $80 during special sales so be on the lookout for that if you want to buy em. Pros: -Comfort is great - Great Build - Mic is noise cancelling and detachable. -Cons: - Wires sometimes get in the way
I have a big head. The headset fit great, but the leather ear cuffs do affect me alot, have to take them off every 30 min to dry them because i sweat a lot. Nothing wrong with the headphones themselves. Sound quality is decent. Noise cancellation is maybe 70% at best. Would recommend to someone who doesnt expect much and doesnt sweat.
This headset is amazing and feels good. It has so many great features and everything about it is good. The microphone quality is fantastic. I recommend anyone who wants a solid gaming headset that is not overpriced with a good microphone to get this.
Its a very comfortable headset, except adjusting it to the right position is hard. The cable length is perfect for people who want to cable manage their setups. As a professional overwatch player, I never found myself in game adjusting or trying to make it comfortable like some of my other headsets. Also, the sound was very clear with little to no background noise, and I could hear and identify heroes from all directions.
Awesome
I like the build quality and sound quality.  It is what I was looking for.
I typically dont write reviews but this headset feels like it is warented, now before I go on take into consideration that this five star review takes into account that this is a $99 headset at the time of writing. There are headsets that will have better quality than this one no doubt, but for the price there is nothing I have had that beats it. This is the second pair of this headset that I have bought and I must say that the only issue I had with this headset on the first go around was that the drivers did not have enough padding and would cause ear pain when my ears would brush against them constantly. I ended up ripping the padding out of my old HyperX Cloud II and putting it under the covers for my old Alpha. But I can say with this new set that a nice foam layer of padding has been added to the inside of the covers and that combinded with the quality construction of the rest of the headset has become the most comfortable I have ever worn. (Dont let the fact that this is my second pair disuade you my first pair got broken when I dropped a box down some stairs when I was moving so that was my own fault) The only downside is that the 7.1 usb based dongle does not come packaged by default and in my opinion is absolutely necessary to get the most out of what this headset can do. Sound Quality: 9/10 Comfort: 10/10 Construction: 9/10 Value: 8/10 (would be a 10 if the 7.1 dongle was included)
Good value The braided cables are nice. The breakout comes with it is nice and long if you need mic/headset. the connectors are nice and solid for both the 1/8" jacks and the headset jack. The top band has some nice stitching on it and is comfortable for long gaming sessions. I use this with an external SB audio card and they will get very loud.. as with most headsets feedback becomes a problem when you start to really pump the volume (things like gun shots in tarkov can come thru and annoy your mates). All this is my best pick for sub $100 gaming headphones for 2019 so far
It’s great ngl
Very comfy wish it was a tiny bit louder but other then that its perfect
Great sound quality for gaming and music. The Bass isnt the strongest, but I recommend Bass heads to turn the equalizer on and select Bass to get the best out of it. No regrets. Solid product and have peace of mind knowing that if my wire ever gets damaged, I can just purchase a new one to connect to the headset itself.
For my son. The Uber gamer
This headset sounds great.  Too bad I can’t aim... although I can always hear the bad guys clearly.
I mainly use this for pc gaming and I couldn’t be happier with it. It has amazing sound and the mic could be better but still works amazing and very clear! I’ve been using this since last year and I am more than happy with this amazing set since before them I used to buy new ones every few months!
Great Headset, mic is awesome, very good sound quality, bass is good, highs and lows are pretty good as well, overall it’s great i like the fact you can remove the cable & mic in case anything bad happen you can replace them.
It has a nice lound and full sound. It can play a pretty large range of music. Its worth every dollar. I can see someone even using it for music. My only issue is that it looks too gamery and I would like to be able to use it in public but then again they are gaming headsets.
This is by far the nicest gaming headset I’ve owned. Sound quality is very good and comfort is excellent.  Cord is a thick, cloth braided, high quality cable with a mute and volume control. I’ve used them exclusively on the Xbox One X.  Teammates say the voice sound is loud and clear. I have it plugged directly into the controller, and sound quality and stereo effects are great. I have tried them with both a mix amp and a headset adapter, and there is not a significant difference (certainly not worth the cost of either). The only reason I’m not giving them 5 stars is due to the fact that you can’t hear your own voice through the headset. Even with the self-voice turned all the way up on the Xbox console headset settings, you can’t really hear your voice. It may be available if you purchase the Microsoft adapter, but not sure. I think it’s due to the cord itself. I tried a straight cord (no controls), and self-voice worked, but it buzzed and was noisy (not useable).  Would really like the option to be able to hear your own voice.
I liked that it’s over the ear headset. It has a boom mic so everything is clear. You have a volume control on your cord that goes from the headset to the controller. It’s all metal son very durable. No, the headset doesn’t flip outward. To me it should’ be a deal breaker. All around I’ll give it a 7/10. It really is a solid headset to go to, very reliable!
Good product
These headphones are excellent for gaming - the noise cancellation is good, the mic doesnt pop or distort, and the headset is comfortable. Theyre a little boomy for music. Worth the money.
5/5
when i first purchased this, i was worried about the few comments that said their mic stopped working. now, ive had my hyperx headphones for over a year now and everything works perfectly. i love the detachable mic, and i use it for my ps4 as well. i bought a gold ps4 headset which was very uncomfortable, and when switched to my hyper x headphones the cushion was so soft it felt like a massage on my ears from my gold ps4 headset, lol. several of my friends also always comment on how clear and crisp my hyper x mic is, and when i compared it to my gold ps4 headset they said my hyperx mic was better. i now notice how soft the cushion actually is everytime i wear it. so definitely recommend.
Best headset Ive ever used hands down. Comfortable, sturdy, and amazing sound quality. Worth every penny. Especially compared to what other companies put out for the same price.
Wonderful headset first time to use it
Awesome headset and great seller
Got these for my young son, an online gamer, and I honestly think theyre his favorite gift ever. He literally jumped for joy when he tried them on, and he tells me his fellow online gamers constantly mention how his voice sounds clearer and better than everyone elses on the group chats. He loves the look of these so much hes taken to wearing them outside just because he thinks they look cool (hes 12; what can I say? :) ) and they feel great on his ears even after hours of wear. Ive worn them occasionally too for phone meetings and they are fantastic. I highly recommend them for working professionals who have lots of phone meetings, because its just so much less fatiguing on your ears if you have a clear, pleasant sounding voice to listen to vs the horrible sound of phone speakers or cheap Bluetooth headphones. Extra bonus: Music sounds amazing through these. I mean it sounds really sweet, really mellow, full and beautiful. Overall, by far the best gaming / microphone headphones Ive ever used, and Ive used some very good ones. And they look really cool, too, for those who take that into account.
Sounds great :)
greate product. satisfied with the purchase.
Amazing
Super comfy. Great sound
I would say HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro Gaming headsets are one of the comfortable and great with amazing sound. I have used many headphones, but these ones are I can definitely say beat the other headphones out there. These headphones have an amazing bass and sound. They are extremely useful when it comes to detachable cord especially when you are traveling with the headphones very often. They are not only great for gaming, but listening to music as well. I would definitely recommend these to all my friends out there who are very picky about their headsets. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Sound: 5/5, Comfortability: 5/5, Quality: 5/5
These are the best gaming headphones Ive had in my life. The cushioning for the ear pads are really soft but firm at the same time. The sound is crystal clear and all my friends can hear me clearly on Discord. The quality of the headphones are 5/5 and I told my bros about em and they purchased them for their PUBG Gaming Team.
Its so perfect. the sound quality is even better then most surrounding sound headsets, and the leather is made out of something else it doesnt make you fell hot and it just feels like youre not wearing leather headphones. and the in line controls works with ps4. but it just feels a bit uncomfortable sometimes to my ears I never had this on a headset before. I dont know maybe its just me.
I have done hours of research on which headset to buy for my PS4 and finally went with this one, I couldnt be happier. I have had many headsets, this is the first one that isnt painful to wear after an hour of play. Great sound quality, good mic, and you can improve this with the sound card they sell as well. Biggest plus is that its the only headset you will ever need since it works on virtually every platform. I would 100% buy this again.
My son has not set them down after homework loves them,  him an his gaming buddys have them no problems
Really comfortable, great materials, and excellent sound. I previously had a headset that was half as expensive but FAR less than half the quality. As soon as I started using this my Destiny fire team remarked at how much better I sounded, and I heard audio details in the game that I had never heard before. STRONG recommendation for this product.
Amazing sound quality but these are absurdly uncomfortable to wear for extended periods of time, you can make it more comfortable by buying replacement ear pads but if im already spending this much for a headset you think it would be better.
Awesome!
Thanks
Son loves these and he is very particular.
Hands down the best headphones for $100!
There isnt a 99 dollar headset out there that can compete. I loved my HyperX Revolver headset but I broke them and needed to get a replacement. I decided to give the Alpha Pro a try. OMG, Im so glad I did. First off, they sound amazing for the price. Im not talking audiophile $5000.00 headphone amazing. I talking price to performance amazing. I own a pair of Sennheiser HD 600, Beyerdynamic DT 990, and the Philips X2. The Alpha Pro is like a "closed back" baby brother of the Philips X2 with a mic. Secondly, the mic is really, really good. Its not Sony C800, Neumann U87, or Shure SM7B good but for gaming its perfect. The only mics that are slightly better in my opinion are the Sennheiser GameZeros mic or the V-Moda boom mic. I returned my ModMic 5 after I did comparison tests. Third, these things are super comfy. The ear cups are super plush and soft. Its like having pillows on my ears. Also the headband didnt squeeze my head which was a very nice surprise. My only gripe is the ear cups get a little warm after a few hours of gaming so I have to take them off every now and then. Other than that these are solid. Kingston is really onto something here.
First Hyperx product I own and I gotta say, its AMAZING!
Got these for my boyfriends Christmas gift.  Hes a huge pc gamer. He said they were the most insanely comfortable pair of headphones hes ever owned.  Can wear for hours without it weighing on his ears.  Uses them pretty much everyday and they were a gigantic improvement on his old set.
My kid is happy.  His friends say his voice is very clear on the other end
So far great headset. Sound quality is great along with the microphone quality. Headset alone does not seem easy to break and the mic is easily detached which is a great bonus. My only issue with the headset is that my ear rubs the inside of the cups. Other than that it’s a great headset. I just have to take breaks with it on and off when playing :(.
these are killer
My son loves this headset very comfortable works great
Better than cloud 2, but you should buy HyperX Cloud Virtual 7.1 Surround Sound USB Card from https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B077VLKW3P/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
cant live without my hyperx
Ive tried several different types of headphones and all of them have had the same problem with the speaker drivers rubbing against my ears. I have not had any problem like that with these headphones. It is by far the most comfortable headset I have ever worn. Additionally its extremely durable and also has really good lows even at high volumes.
Amazing! Very comfortable and the mic quality is pretty fair for a headset.
Great pair of headphones. Exceeded all of my expectations.
Im not even going to lie these sound absolutely fantastic. I was looking for a replacement for my Kraken Pro v2 and I didnt want to buy another razer product so I found these instead. These are superior in every way and these are so COMFORTABLE. The padding is super soft and squishy and they feel so comfy when you set it on your head. There is a little bit of clamping force but its so minor you dont really get uncomfortable. These do get hot though after long use but once again very minor issue. These sound superb as well. Once again I have no reason to lie. I just wanted to share my experience while unboxing these and let people know what they are getting.
You wont regret buying this awesome headphone. Comfortable and comes with braided wires. Love it!
I love these headphones. I have been used to sacrificing audio quality in gaming headphones, just for the inclusion of the microphone. With these headphones I finally feel like Im not compromising. I use these headphones for everything. I do phone calls, Skype, gaming, and even casual music listening. In gaming, my friends can hear me crystal clear, and I can hear everything going on in the game. The headphones are very comfortable. The material on the earpads is very soft and comfortable for long periods of time. The upper band is extremely flexible, and makes them easy to wear, and Im not worried at all about breaking them. Ive owned a lot of head phones, gaming and otherwise. Sennheiser, Razer, Logitech and Cooler Master, these beat them all. They are without a doubt my favorite headphones.
I have used many headsets in the last couple of years but this one takes the cake. It’s super light-weight and flexible and delivers crystal clear audio. I would highly recommend anyone looking for a new headset or looking to replace theirs to buy these Clould Alpha Pros.
First off the packaging is awesome and now to the review. For the last few headsets Ive tried different companies/styles and was left unimpressed. The Alpha Pro comfort is second to none, definitely the most comfortable headset that I have worn. The headset in general looks sleek and business ready, meaning its not over the top with some crazy decals or writing all over it.  When i game, listen to music or watch movies for hours at a time the last thing i want is to take off a headset and my ears are killing me. The sound quality is amazing, while gaming I can hear everything perfectly, whether its footsteps or distant battling going down I hear everything. 10/10 Would 100% buy again and suggest it to all my friends! Well done!
This headset is quite phenomenal, with its sturdy build quality of aluminum, comfy leatherette ear cushions and memory foam headband, its quite a bargain for the quality. Not only does it outperform my deceased all-plastic, wireless Turtle Beach PX4s, but it runs laps around it in terms of sound. For only being a pair of stereo headphones, the sound certainly packs more of a punch than my previous headset (that were 5.1 audio). Although it lacks features, such as wireless, Bluetooth, presets, the cross-platform compatibility with about any device makes up for it. PC? The sound is astounding. Mobile? Music sounds amazing, with just the right amount of bass, mids, and highs with the help of the dual-chamber speakers. And yes, they really do help against distortion! Dont ask about the Xbox One, as I dont have one. But what about PS4? Well... If youre a PC gamer and notice the four-star rating, just ignore it. Your mind is just playing tricks on you, its really a five-star rating. But for those that game on PS4, I personally found the sound to be quite lackluster if you connect it directly to the controller. But I realized thats common for any headset connected directly to the PS4 controller. The audio quality isnt the problem, but the controller cant power the headset to its full potential. Its nothing that an amplifier cant fix. Other than that, its flawless. Did I mention that its a phenomenal headset?
Alot of people are going around praising this headset for its high quality double driver technology as well as its steel construction and lightweight design. After trying this out and comparing it to the other headsets I have, I can fully agree because for 100$ this headset matches or blows other headsets out of the water, it feels truly superior in alot of ways to many other headsets Ive used Comparing it to a headset like the Cloud II they are very similar, and while the Alphas do have more bass and better surround sound capability I do think that the Cloud IIs have better mids and highs but they are very very marginal differences, the Alphas have carried sound into music and games that I have not previously heard before and I think that HyperX really knocked the soundstage out of the park with this new headset. Comparing it to a more Pricier headset such as the Sennheiser Gaming One headset, I actually personally believe this headset blows that one out of the water, the construction, feel, noise reduction, and soundstage of the HyperX feels more suited to the tones of gaming and music while Sennheiser just seems to be looking for a way into the gaming community. I dont see any way to trash this headset besides maybe talking about how the earcups "feel more like plastic" but that isnt an issue for me because Im not throwing them around like an ape. And the build quality is still the HyperX standard which is nothing less than superb.
Hello gamers, I want all the gamers out there looking for a upgrade..these are definitely it. I have a mix amp that I bought separately but let me tell you what.. these bad boys are loud, crisp, and effective when it comes to fps. I play pubg all day long and these are extremely good. Theyre very comfortable the sound sounds amazing. You will not be disappointed if you purchase these. Oh and by the way, I got mine with in 30 hours of purchasing.. so Im very very very pleased on the fast shipping! Good luck gamers and enjoy!
Solid performance! Very comfortable to wear. Exceptional sound quality when paired with the Astro a40 mix amp tr. The headset itself fits well over the head and does not cause discomfort over long periods of time. I would pick this headset over the Astro a40 headset any day of the week.
Great headphones for gaming.
Bought this headset because my crappy turtle beach headset I just purchased broke in the first 2 days and this headset is worth every penny. I am honestly mind boggled on why this headset is only $100. It is so premium and feels better than a lot of headphones at a higher price range. The sound is just amazing, so clear and I can pin point the directions of my enemies easily in game. It is also great for normal things like listening to music or watching movies/videos. The comfort it on point with amazing memory foam ear cups and headband. I seem to never find discomfort by these even after hours of gaming. It is also made with high quality materials instead of a lot of plastic(which is most headphones at this price range.)The only problem I have with the headset is that the ear cups do not swivel, so if you rest these on your neck, they might not be so comfortable, but I am willing to make a small sacrifice for such a beautiful headset. If you are in the market for a good budget gaming headset, or even a headset for every day use, then this headset is the on for you.
After many years it was time to put my cloud 2s into retirement.  I spend a lot of time playing R6 siege on pc (where hearing the slightest footsteps make a big difference). I did a lot of research on a new headset and ended up buying these and couldnt be happier.  Doesnt have the usb sound card that the cloud 2s had but they sound slightly better, and the ear pads are slightly more comfortable. I loved my cloud 2s and these are an improvement over an already great headset. I can play for hours and it feels like im not even wearing a headset, and for $100 they are a great value.
Dude this is awesome. Works great with my Xbox one chat pad. It plugs directly in and both sound and chat come through just by plugging in the 3.5mm cord that comes in the box directly into my chat pad, i can also control the volume and mic muting using the chat pad, this is awesome. Bass is good, sound is good, chat is good. I really like this headset, also its what the pros wear.....
no static at all
Bought this for my son to replace his Turtle Beach XO Seven.  The XO Seven is all plastic, cost about $150, and only lasted about 2 years before the plastic cracked where the ear cup and head band come together.  Needless to say, I was not going to buy another all plastic headset.  The HyperX Cloud Aplaha is made of metal connected to two nubs on the ear cups.  The two nubs are made of plastic but it does seem to it bears any stress. For gaming performance (coming from my son) it is much better than the XO Seven.  He states that the ear cushions are softer, which is a plus since he wears glasses, and the volume seem louder (doesnt need to crack the volumn up as high).  Communicating with his friends is about the same as the XO Seven. I hope this last longer than the XO Seven.
Very comfortable and the sound is amazing!
There great headphones, they have the perfect amount of bass i play cs go (Counter Strike Global Offensive) and aside from the shit sounds in cs go they were great, they fit very nice and i have big ears so when i got them i had to take them off but after a while they loosened up and now there amazingly comfortable. The only thing i that was wrong with my pair is that the mic was catching a lot of background noise and the was this weird fuzzy noise in the background of the mic, i dont know if the fuzzy noise was just my pair or whats up.
I finally hooked up the HyperXs to playstation 4 pro the minute I heared the sound and through the 7.1 sound card it was all over. Put it on all audio so it wouldnt wake anybody up sleep I was totally in my own world of gaming and immersed in Need for Speed rivals I was totally gone! Well worth the money I would recommend these to anybody who is into gaming. They are one of the best headphone Ive ever put on for gaming so far. This came from just one time and one night.
The packaging on the Alphas are solid, easy to remove and setup. First impressions of the headphones seem pretty bulky but are actually very lightweight and VERY comfortable. The sound quality is really good for what the headset is priced at. The mic is pretty decent, always being able to detach it whenever you want is a HUGE plus. Another plus is the main 3.5mm cable jack being detachable as well, it helps to store the headset in a bag or case without having to worry about the cable. Overall, after wearing them for several hours of gaming and just listening to music while doing homework, they are comfortable without a doubt. I did not once feel like i had to take them off. My only complaint (me just nit picking) is the detachable jack locking mechanism it is just plug and play but i have yet to get use to locking the jack because most headsets you just slide it in and done but with the alphas it seems like they are plugged in and then youll wonder for a bit why the sounds is lacking but thats just me nit picking and being lazy. Oh and the volume adjuster on the cable comes in handy quite often!
Very comfortable headphones! The microphone is very clear and the sound is solid. I wear glasses and even after several hours of use no pain or discomfort.
Bought my Alphas from Best Buy as I had reward zone points to save $20. Still even at full price they would be worth it. They manage to sound better than either the original or Cloud 2 headset due to the me dual chamber design. The comfort is still there and I cannot tell a difference in the ear pads which HyperX claims to have changed. They still feel great for long playing sessions. The mic comes across crystal clear when I am playing my PS4 online with friends. Also so glad they finally added a removable cable. I use mine with a Astro Mixamp and they sound simply incredible. I can hear little details I wasn’t hearing before and can pinpoint enemies in shooters so early that I almost feel like I’m cheating.
These are great for gaming. I don’t play often but my son plays daily. He suggested using them on my phone to listen to music: great idea. I was concerned about wearing my hearing aid while using them but there was no feedback. The music came through loud and clear. As far as gaming, the headphones are great. I don’t use the microphone but my son does and he likes it; his friends can hear him and even hear me in the background, ha! We’re both happy with the quality of these headphones.
These are probably one of the best, if not the best, set of ear cans Ive used in a long time. Excellent sound quality for being stereo sound.  Also very comfortable. Definitely recommend these for any type of gaming
I had only used Sony Gold wireless and random stereo headphones prior to purchase of this Alpha Pro unit. Got tired of interference on wireless, and decided to upgrade with a wired headset. I believe this Alpha Pro demonstrates a competitivly priced approach to comfort, durable construction, and audio superiority in the seemingly overcrowded headset marketplace. Again, Im no audiophile, but... this headset makes me feel like Im seeing in color for the first time, but in the audiological sense. I would like to qualify that statement by saying that I did purchase the 7.1 surround sound Revolver S USB dongle from HyperX to pair with the Alpha Pro (a $30 purchase). So, this headset was already impressive and clear in sound; dual chamber design seems legit. However, the surround sound card via USB is an epiphany for me. Im in awe, never having used this configuration before (Im over 40 and feel like Ive cheated myself by not investigating this sooner). I can only tell you my experience with the Alpha Pro. Its phenomenal at this price range. I highly recommend.
quality of a $180 headset for a price of only $100. I had a set of Astro A40s that ended up breaking and I play on multiple platforms so I got tired of messing with multiple mix-amps. This headset performs just as well, if not better on console. The customization tool of the Astros was nice but not worth the money. If you play on a console, get these. If you play on multiple consoles, (PC, Xbox, Playstation, Switch) get these. They are incredibly made and sound detection is incredible. One feature I do wish it had was 90 degree ear-cup rotation so they could go around your neck, other than that theyre perfect. The only time I would recommend something else, is if you only play on PC and can afford some nice studio headphones and have the ability to configure them. Even then though the cloud alpha pro would give them a run for their money.
This headset is incredible.  My son wears glasses and he can wear these with them comfortably.  Best set that we have ever purchased!
AWESOME!!! Amazing sound and very comfortable!
I had to return these because it turned out my other headphones DID work (had an issue with my laptop and thought it was my headphones), and they were very easy to work with. Wish theyd let you return for free, but they were very quick & I had no issues so Im still giving 5stars :)
Amazing Headset, best you can get for 100 dollars!!!
Usually I cant use regular headphones/earbuds  for extended periods of time but these headphones are so comfortable and well made that I can use them all the day long. Sound is great for the price, good build quality and pretty good mic.
Best bang for your buck when it comes to headphones. Theyre also very conformable. I would recommend these to anyone. Theyre made out of aluminum so no worries about them breaking easily like other plastic high end gaming headsets.
Super comfy and sound good.  Tried bengoo.  Those were comfy and sound good but totally made out of plastic.  Could see those breaking easily.  If you’re after cheap and decent go with bengoo.  If you want quality material and build, these were good.  I have a pair of sennheiser momentum 2.0 but mic doesn’t work so I needed headphones with a mic.  These compared to those are very similar.  Sennheiser don’t blow this out of the water.  We shall see though how long these last as they are new
This Headset is Excellent! Exactly what I always wanted in a combination of Listening to Music & Gaming Headgear it looks Awesome Feels Really Really Comfortable (sometimes I fall asleep with them on lol) way cheaper than Store Brands I would most definitely recommend this Fire!!!
LOVE IT, upgraded from the Stingers. Super happy
Ive had my set of alphas for several weeks and so far have been very happy with my experience. If youre looking for a headset primarily for gaming, this has been perfect for me so far, a big plus to me is the build quality of the headphones. Theyre light enough that they shouldnt become uncomfortable, even during longer gaming sessions (I have a larger head and havent experienced any discomfort), but are sturdy enough for me to throw into my bag with my PS4 and not have to worry about what condition theyre gonna be in when I get to my destination. Ive also been very impressed with the sound quality of the headset. Its not the most amazing, audiophile level sound quality.  But theyre good enough that Ive stopped feeling the need to bring my Bowers & Wilkins P7s every time I take my gaming setup somewhere, which I definitely appreciate. All in all, if youre looking for a headset that is gonna deliver great preformance while gaming without sacrificing sound quality, and have the $100 to spend on them, this headset is a great way to go.
My 18 month old Kinston Hyper X Cloud II stopped worked , which I primarily use for PS4 only for online gaming. I bought the Turtle Beach 700s this past weekend. After using them one evening, having a headache because of the fitment on my larger head, and not used to their sound, along with other issues,  I boxed them back up , started my research again for a good pair of headset of PS4 use. I didnt like the fact that my Cloud IIs did not have 7.1 surround sound when  using the 3.5mm jack on the controller for PS4, so I passed the Alpha Pros by and opted for the Turtle Beach 700s to get the 7.1 Surround Sound. Now that I returned them and bought these, the minute I put them on my head, I realized  I was in love with them. Now for the sound. I think they sound better then the Turtle Beach 700s which have 7.1 surround sound. Their Custom 50mm Dual Chamber Drivers reduce distortion , and the highs / mids and lows are appeasing to the ears. I can hear foot steps for the right or left ear when playing Call Of Duty on PS4. Im amazed how well they sound considering they are stereo for PS4. For $50 bucks less then the Turtle Beach 700s , and the comfort, I dont have to look no further. Hyper X nailed it on the money with another great gaming headset for the PS4 !
I tired many headphones Astro A40, A50, AKG 7XX, Sony gold headset and planutain. I got this just now. Once I open it and try it on I felt this headset are light and bit tight on ears. I feel no pain on ears or head level however this headset are so good that can beat the other headphones I owned. No joke Astro does have great sound but their headphones are heavy and wont feel comfortable after 3 hrs of gaming. I wear glasses to play so it will be a bit difficult. The bass and sound are great however if you guys want to boost up the sound on a console I suggest u have to buy an amp like astro to increase the sound if you willing to spend more I will go with Sound blaster X7. Have a good day reading I hope my words are helpful to anyone going to buy gaming headset. And once again thanks for reading
Comparing these to the old HyperX KHX-H3CL/WR (which we have owned since 12/2015), these are more comfortable, clearer-sounding at a lower volume, and not so bassy.  They have impressed everyone in the family who has tried them, and the old ones are going in the donations bin.  The HyperX Cloud is lighter on the head, with a softer headband, too!  We use them on a PC, and I might get a second pair for myself for use with the Xbox.
I was really surprised at the quality of this headset and the more than affordable price. They sound fantastic. Ive used them for gaming, but also for listening to music and watching videos, and they work equally as well for all functions. The mic is great, too, and delivers clean and crisp voice output. They are extremely comfortable, even when wearing for an extended period of time. While they feel great around the ears, I especially like that the "band" portion feels both light and secure on the top of my head. They fit like a glove. This is the first set of HyperX headphones I have owned, and I am very impressed. They will definitely not be the last. Great job.
Wow. These sound incredible. I have not used HyperX products before, but I had heard (ha! puns!) great things about them. These are luxury. They feel incredible, comfortable and lightweight for the quality they reproduce. The cups feel soft, and comfortable on my ears. My son wore them for about three hours straight with no complaints, and I am pretty sure he has now claimed ownership of them. The packaging? Superb. A heavy cardboard slipcase holds a two piece shell together, and everything is packaged separately so nothing can run during shipping. A soft carry case is included, and the included wiring is braided in a soft wrap which, in my opinion is amazing. A removable mic is also present, for those days you just want to listen to things. I love that we can use these on multiple platforms, with little to no worry about compatibility. Sound quality is A+. watched some youtube videos on my phone while using these along with daydreamVR, and it sounded like the person I was watching was sitting right next to me. Clarity to the max, without overdoing it. I found almost all ranges of the video sound to be at a reasonable level, with bass included. There was no tininess" or flat spots that my untrained ear could discern. I am super pleased so far with this headset.
Good headset overall, biggest problem in my opinion is that the padding between your ear and the speaker is super thin. You get used to the feeling in like a few minutes but its a little irritating. Still pretty comfortable though.
Great successor to the Cloud 2. Even more comfortable which is hard to believe. The sound has stepped up too. Addition of removable cables is also a nice touch.
Im not a gamer, but I like good sound for my audio work (I teach online, and record for subscriptions), and this headset is SUPER comfortable, easy to install and use, and works like a charm. Absolutely -0- issues pairing with my macbook, in all of the apps and programs I use it for. Great listening to and/or editing music, podcasting, webinars, online calls, etc. Comes in a nice box, great for gifting.
Box looks great when I opened up the package. The packaging inside was very well done! I was thoroughly impressed. Ive own HyperX Cloud Is and the packaging in both has always put a smile on my face when I open it. Its like a child opening up a present to find the gift they wished for. Headphones look amazing! They are actually smaller and more compact than the Cloud Is. It feels lighter too. I first had trouble with the sound quality, it felt like the sound was echoing or like it was being projected down a long hallway but that was my fault. I didnt push the audio jack into the headphones all the way in. Sound is superb! There is a noticeable difference between these and the Cloud Is. The direction of where sounds are coming from in games (like in PUBG) are more spatial. I can quickly react. Its almost as if its surround sound but its not. Gunshots are deeper and richer in tone. So are the explosions... my God the explosions. Maybe I have a pretty good sound card. Mic sounds decent. Not the best but better than the Cloud 1s which pooped on me within a year. For its price, this is a bang for your buck. The comfort level is superb as expected in HyperX headsets. Fits snuggly around my head and cancels out any noise around me. I feel deeply immersed in my game with these bad boys on. 10/10 would do it again for this price compared to other headsets in the same price range.
My favorite gaming headset broke, and I had to replace it.  I loved my old set, because it was so comfortable and had a sound quality superior to any headsets I had used before.  I purchased a different brand on Saturday, and when I received it on Sunday, I was pretty disappointed.  The tension in the headband was so tight, even the giant ear muffs didnt make up for the squeeze, and I was getting a headache within 20 minutes of wearing them.  I decided to look at some online reviews of headsets, because I could tell I was going to have to to a higher quality headset to get the design I needed.  The ear pieces have to be moveable for them to be comfortable for me.  As you can see, in this design, they are on an axle that allows them to move to match the angle of your head.  The headband is adjustable, and between that and the moveable ear pieces, it fits snugly without crushing my head, and has room for my glasses.  I was willing to trade some sound quality for comfort, since I wear my headsets for extended periods of time when I play.  But, as it turns out, the review was absolutely true, when it said I would have excellent sound quality.  The surround sound is great, and I can hear directional cues in-game.  The elements of the soundscape are crisp and not tinty, with rich bases and defined vocal clarity, that doesnt take away from the background noises.  A very nice blend of comfort and sound, and good for the price.  I cant speak to its durability, but I am optimistic.
I bought these with christmas money as a replacement for a pair I already had that had an annoying, screeching sound that intruded on everything I listened to. When I first put the set on my head I nearly fell over. They are so comfortable. The padding is incredibly squishy and conforms perfectly to the ridges in my jaw bone. Sound wise, these sound fantastic. The sound was balanced perfectly for a wide range of games. Occasionally I plug them into my phone to listen to music (I use my phones EQ to decrease the bass a bit because I dont like a lot of bass), but even without the EQ they still sound awesome. The microphone also awesome. It is the first one Ive used with my computers terrible audio drivers that I didnt Adobe Audition for noise cancellation. Its nice being able to disconnect the microphone. That way it is out of the way if I want to use them to watch shows or out and about (which they are great for btw). When the mic is in, it is very light, so the weight on the left side is hardly noticeable when its in. The carry bag they come with isnt all that good so I usually keep it in the original box when Im taking them places. I used the bag if Im just using them as headphones. The inline volume wheel is designed well so that the volume doesnt erratically jump when it hits my shirt, and I like the mute switch. Inn terms of design, the padding is all leather, the frame around the cups is mostly metal, and the cable is fabric and never tangles. These are very well built, and feel very sturdy. Id say they are probably equitable to, if not better than Turtle Beach and several other brands. The main cable can be plugged into an Xbox controller with an adapter for use with party chats and gaming, and work for other console too. Then they have an extension cable piece that has a split end for computers with separate mic and headphone jacks. Why are you still reading this? Buy it already!
Found it! After numerous purchases and try outs (bought and returned), I have finally found a set of headset that I like. I have done my researched and purchased just about every pair you can imagine. Note that I am using this headset with Astro Amp. I used it directly with my Xbox One Controller and works fine but I had the amp so it boosted the sound greatly. The sound quality is excellent, clean, good bass (not overpowering), details of highs and lows are great. I can hear directional noises front, rear, left and right and footsteps. Quality is great especially for the price. Comfort is great. Mic is good with good noise reduction. Here are a few that I have purchased and some I had returned in the past year. Sennheiser Game One (returned) best mic but I lost the footsteps for FPS games Astro A50 wireless (still have them) used with my Playstation 4, batteries do not last long and must be connected to permanent power to charge the headphones. Sound is good and is comfortable. Astro A40 with mix amp (still have them) used for my Xbox. Sound is good and comfortable. Turtle Beach Stealth 700 (Crap) looses signal and sound Turtle Beach Elite 800 wireless, great sound and fit and finish but mic is terrible, my buddies was asking if I had something in my mouth when I talked. Artics 3 great sound and clarity does not include mic monitoring. Was not comfortable. Artics 7 great sound and clarity does not include mic monitoring so I could not hear my self speaking in game chat. HyperX Cloud Pro Xbox version (I think these are the same as the cloud II). Love it until I tried the Alpha.
The sound quality is honestly good, but I wouldnt say that its anything so amazing that Id really try to push this headset onto a friend of mine - but maybe thats just me. The claims about bass not being muddled in this headset are true, but I feel as though it came at a cost. Compared to other headsets, the bass just isnt quite here. Ive never messed with any sound settings within Windows or otherwise, but this headset seems to really lack the bass that other headsets gave with flat EQ settings in both Windows and their respective programs, all without muddling the bass unless you turned up the overall volume. As a headset that came with the claims of fixing the problem of muddled sounds in games at no cost to the overall bass quality, Im kind of disappointed that every other pair of headphones or earbuds that we own seem to provide more bass than these. There really is one big problem with this headset, though. I saw all of the reviews that mentioned things about the headset causing pain to ears after wearing them. Surprisingly, they werent wrong. The headset was actually really painful to wear for the first month or so. Not sure why, but I decided to keep them instead of exchanging for another pair. Ive gotten used to how they sit on my ears, even though the depth of the cups are *extremely* shallow. It would take like another quarter to half-inch of room for the speaker guard itself to not sit directly on my ears (the thin cloth over the guard is there, but it does little to help). I will say that the leather material that the cushions are made of is extremely soft, they just arent deep enough to save the ears from sitting on the guard is all. Does extremely well for noise isolation. I really enjoy the in-line volume wheel/mic mute. I use it quite a bit for volume adjustment without needing to change volumes within Windows itself. Cant really comment on the mic since I have a dedicated desk mic that I use instead.
From my computerist gamer son: The HyperX Cloud Alpha is the updated version of HyperXs exceedingly popular Cloud headset. They buckled down on what made the original Cloud successful, namely comfort, sound quality, and location-based sound, and improved it with more powerful speakers and a more streamlined inline control. Compared to the original Cloud, the Alpha has noticeably more powerful bass response. Other than that, the sound quality and the listeners ability to pinpoint sound location are every bit as excellent as the originals. There is also a better in-line control, with a volume adjustment wheel and a mute switch instead of the push-to-mute button found on the original Cloud. The inline control is also found on the headphones jack directly, instead of being part of an adapter. The first part of the headphone cord leads to a single optical jack, perfect for plugging into a phone, controller, console, or computer with a single input. It comes with an adapter for dual (red and green) jacks, for other computers. Overall, the Alpha is a solid upgrade over the original Cloud, which was already the best headset in its price bracket in my opinion. 5 out of 5 stars.
Picked up these headsets on Monday September 25th when they were released at a local gamestop. (it was the last one in stock by the way) once i got home to try them out, i was having problems at first with the cable connection but once i messed around with it a little i figured it out! they are very comfortable and sound great! I previously had the Logitech G933 Artemis Spectrum headset and those sound good as well but are very uncomfortable and too big for my head. I ended up selling those and getting these! straight out the box these are a must buy in my opinion well spent $100 Im very pleased with these! I wear glasses and could wear these for hours they are very comfortable! i game across all platforms: Nintendo Switch, PS4, XBOX 1 and PC. They are compatible with all of these like the box states!  yesterday i ordered the USB adapter from the revolver s to try out the 7.1 surround sound on PC! i will update the post once i try that feature out!
Im not sure if this is a user problem but no matter what I do discord and this headset dont like each other and its hard to hear my friends in discord even with max volume.  Any help is appreciated! Other than that a great headset!
Its exactly as advertised well working feels nice light as a feather and the sound is amazing
The headset feels absolutely comfortable than my last one. I can now enjoy blasting music into this headset, as the bass drops. Seriously, it sounds very good in high quality, and this is my first time trying Hyperxs products. The mic does sound alright. Its not bad or good, but it is clear to hear me. The mic does cancel noise whenever I voice chat with my friends on discord. However, as a recorder, it does pick up static. For streaming, I can try to configure some settings, and decrease the static. You can also extend how long you want the headset to be, depending how big your head is to make this headset fit. Microphone is detachable like it says, as well as the audio wire. I highly recommend this headset for gaming, and listening to music. 10/10 :)
Great according to my son who uses it for gaming.
Off the charts! Incredible sound quality. MIC is superior to others I have used. In line controls make this even more awesome!
I cant imagine them being any more comfortable. This is hands down the best headset ever u wont regret getting it. Works perfect with my Xbox one X. I owned the original hyper x cloud and it lasted me over two years and its still running perfectly. I just loved them so much I upgraded but I can tell u right now u can play with these on alllll dayyy and u wont be irritated in the slightest. Buy these And stick to hyperX for anything when it comes to audio. Also I play a lot of Fortnite and I can here directions perfectly
After doing hours of research on a headset simply because there are so many options, I must say I made the right choice. The sound is incredibly crisp and has changed the entire gaming experience for me. All my friends say I easily have the clearest sounding mic, even tho some have spent significantly more on theirs. It Is very comfortable to wear and the feature that you can unplug all the cables going to it prevent a cable failure from causing you to replace the entire unit. Took about 30 seconds to install as the instructions were very simple to follow. The bass is great and adds an amazing effect for any FPS game. One of my friends is currently working on returning his Turtle Beach Stealth 600 to get this unit. It also includes a decent bag to store it in when not being used.
Great sound quality.
Very soft and sounds great
Best sound for the price. Simple and comfortable. They sound very good when they are turned up with thumping base and smoothe but crisp treble. I recommend using an adapter but it’s not required
I was deciding between this or the Cloud 2 since they are in the same price range. I decided to go with this one and its the best decision. Sounds very good and mic is very good too. When I breathe near the mic it doesnt pick up my breathing but only when I speak. For comfort, its very comfortable but I noticed within 5 mins of wearing it my ears start to get sweaty. This is probably due to the leather ear pad. Overall, cant complain. for $100, its very good.
Ive used quite a few headsets that are comparable to the Alpha Pro in price and can say with certainty that this one trumps them all. Im not one for gaudy looking headsets that have to cover their cheapness with ridiculous colors and "astro"-nomical designs. I prefer more polished, and sophisticated gear that proves its worth in genuine performance and effectiveness in video games. In terms of audio quality, it really is superb. Highs are very clear and lows have a deep resounding boom without blurring and crackling. It does without overly complex audio settings and buttons, and truly is a iconic plug n play product. Playing PUBG has never been more engaging; I can hear every single footstep and getting shot makes me jump while using these headsets. Not to mention, its passive noise isolation are impressive with the foam ear cups, I have to remind my girlfriend that Im not ignoring her. This leads me to the build quality, which if you never cared about, you should now. If you prefer being cheap headsets that bend like a snake (cough cough), feel free to buy multiple headsets within a year. The Alphas aluminum construction and solid build quality promises to provide an everlasting experience. SO TL;DR > Amazing sound quality > Sturdy, LASTING build > Passive noise-cancelling earcups > Mature, subtle design Just my 2 cents.
Tried to get this working on my desktop. Some sound came out both sides, most only came out one earphone. Mic did not work. Updated drivers, reinstalled, all the bells and whistles with no luck. Tried it on my laptop, and only got garbled sound out of the right headphone again, and still no mic. Going to attempt to get a replacement, or just return. Very disappointed to get a seemingly defective product after all the hype. EDIT: Replacements arrived 2 days after I requested them from Amazon. Worked perfectly. Seems I got a poop pair first. Inconvenient and aggravating but they work fantastic. Great sound. Great fit.
I see a few customers having the same issue I did. I thought I had a broken headset until I realized that the only problem was my own. I called HyperX support and it turns out I just had to plug the dang cable all the way in! After that everything worked great. Super comfortable and great sounding.
Excellent headset, and nice design!
Excellent headset, using daily for 3-5hrs of audio conferences at work. Liked that they arent too over-styled with neon colors that would be out of place at work. Ear pads and padded head band are very soft and comfortable. I like the removable boom mic and audio cord for transport or replacement. Sound quality is excellent and blocks out surrounding noise well
Looking to buy another pair soon for my other xbox in the spare bedroom. Sound is great , Can wear them for hours with no discomfort . Dont buy the 30.00 -50.00 headsets they are junk and will only last you 3 to 4 months. Had mine since January . Still in excellent condition. Thank you for a great product
While it may at first seem like an inferior product due to not having the in-line Virtual 7.1 built-in soundcard that you get with the Cloud II, do not be fooled because if you have the power for it, the Cloud Alpha is superior in every practical way. It has much better sound quality in terms of clarity, crispness, and mids. Its got more comfy cups that dont become oily like the Cloud IIs do (unless you swap to the fabric ones, of course). Its not as tight on your head after a few hours of use, and I mean I use this headphone literally eight hours a day, non-stop. Finally, its lighter and arguably better-looking. There is just one catch, and thats the impedance: Because you dont get the built-in DAC, you will be leaning on the hardware you connect it to, to achieve the sound quality it is so very capable of. That means you might want to either look into a portable amp or indeed the standalone Virtual 7.1 connector Kingston sells, in order to take the fullest advantage of this headset on older devices. On modern devices, youre probably good with most motherboards, smartphones, and consoles.
Im really liking this headset.  I had the original Cloud for several years before replacing with this headset.  I was worried that the cable would disconnect from the headset too easily but Ive had the cable stuck under the chair several times and jerked on the cable and it didnt even budge.  The sound quality is great in my opinion... Im sure there are better out there, but not for this price point.  Everyone tells me the mic sounds good and the headset is quite comfortable, I can wear it for hours without any discomfort.
Best Ive spent on a game headset I had the previous gen known as the stingers and they were amazing I have friends who have the cloud II but the alphas are better then all
Perfect sound for perfect price
great quality and features at the price
They work as needed and expected.
Excellent quality. Can hear so much more detail while gaming than even using my 7.1 surround system.
This is a super comfortable well sounding headset. I get headaches pretty easy when theres pressure on my head (ponytails tend to do it) and I wear glasses when Im at home so comfort was big thing for me. I like that there are two connectable cables as I can move from my pc to my ps4 without having to bend over behind my computer case to plug in or out. I can also just disconnect them to grab a snack, ect ,ect without having to remove my headset from my head. My only complain is the mic. I nearly have to be eating my mic for people to hear me speaking. if its even an inch away from my face people say I sound very far away. I dont like my mic that close to me. I feel like people can hear me breath. I feel like Im going to swallow and choke on it. I almost wonder if somethings wrong with it that it has to be so ridiculously close. Otherwise and wonderful, good sounding, comfortable headset.
I was a little scared of buying a headset because most headset have terrible microphone, But everyone Ive been talking to has been telling my microphone sound so much better and clearer. My previous microphone was the Blue Yeti which was placed 2-3 ft away from me.
Great sound quality and very comfortable. Can wear them for hours with no problem. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for a gaming headset.
Good enough for gaming, using them for PUBG. Listening to music lucks bass. No any problems in terms of build quality or sound. After 3+ hours gaming I feel a sort of discomfort caused by physical contact between ear and head phone.
The sound quality is good not the best with the "dual chambers" they sound overpowered too high IMO. The Hyperx cloud 2s ear pads are more comfortable and feel nice, I have no problem wearing them during long gaming sessions. The material that is covering the drivers inside the ear cups is too thin and I can feel my ears rubbing against the drivers wish they would have the kept the old ear pads and thicker material covering the drivers like the cloud 2s.
Love the headphones. They are definitely as good as Ive heard, only thing is if you want a TON of bass with your games, you might can find a better pair, but they work excellent for hear all the high-low pitchesfor competitive play, especially for how "cheap" these are!
tirrable
Purchased these to replace my original HyperX Clouds. I was a little hesitant because my clouds have served me well over the years but Im glad I did.  If I had a a single complaint about the original cloud, they sounded just a little bright. They always required a few db reduction in the upper range to neutralize the sometimes piercing highs.  The Alphas are much more balanced. Treble is bright but not piercing. Mids are warm and the bass is tight and punchy. The current trend is rich bass and these certainly deliver in that area. These are great for gaming but also do well with music and movies. I noticed the ear cups on these are just a little smaller then the original cloud, they are otherwise just as comfortable. I could do without the inline controls, and if you are like me you can just replace it with a good 3.5mm TRRS cable anyway.
These are by far the best headset for the money. I have a pair of Sennheiser Game Zero for my PC, which are great, but expensive. I am using these for my console gaming needs and I couldnt be happier. They are insanely comfortable, have great sound, and look awesome. I would definitely recommend these.
A few hours in, didnt take long to tell the difference from my previous headphones.  Noticeably more comfortable, and excellent sound quality as well.  Pair that with clearly thought out packaging, cabling system and a $100 price tag, these are a win for sure.  So far, so good!
the best headphones I have ever used, and I have used some amazing sets. I wish there were more settings on it such as bass or treble but for the amount that you pay, easily the best out there for sound quality and surround sound.
Great for PUBG, CSGO, and music
Headphones sound great! im glad I listened to all the positive feedback and review videos on this product. It delivers everything as promised, the HYPErx (ba dum tss) with these headphones is justified. These headphones are great for gaming and make for an immersive experience, especially for those games where hearing and discerning sound is the difference between life and death. One of the main selling points for me with this product is the detachable microphone boom, that way you dont have to look like a total dork everywhere you go :). Another selling point being the incredible comfort provided by this headset, these fit my ears perfectly- at-least in my experience, results may vary. These headphones are so comfortable I can wear my glasses with them on without the annoying stabbing pain/ pressure I tend to get on the sides of my head with other headsets. With that being said, long gaming sessions are no problem at all as the earphone padding is essentially heavenly memory foam for your ears. The overall aesthetics are very pleasing, at-least to my eyes giving off a premium feel (and it ought to! For $99). At this price point this headset is a steal and has an awesome quality to price ratio. Needless to say these headphones sound great and fairly balanced in terms of EQ, not annoyingly bass heavy like most other headsets (I listen to lots of rock & metal), they look great and come with a little drawstring carrying bag, and they feel as soft as CLOUDs on your ears (my puns must be stopped, but your desires must not, get this headset!). I think Ive made it pretty clear im beyond satisfied with these headphones. No Compromises and amazing quality. Only thing I wish they added to this headset is making the logos have LED lighting (thats a personal preference though and certainly not a deal breaker). Love this headset, Ive had it for over 2 months now and hopefully for many more!
Its pretty strong. The last headphone I had used plastic hinges and they broke . But this has aluminium so I expect it to last for a while. also sound quality is pretty good
Great sound, great look!
Way better than the previous models. Definitely worth the 100 bucks.
Great build quality, very good sound, my friend on discord no longer make fun of me for  my crappy mic.
Love Its worth every penny
Comfortable. Sound is great. Mic is clear. Not sure if it is just me but the wires always end up in a huge twist. Easily fixed by unplugging and stretching them out. Otherwise recommend.
It’s simply plug and play with my PC, PS4, and Nintendo Switch. The padding is extremely comfortable and I’ve had no discomfort, even after three straight hours with them on. The sound quality is excellent for gaming, video, and music. So far I’ve had no complaints about the mix quality.
Good leather on them makes them very comfortable and comes with a good mic
Comfortable. Only downside is I have to unplug my speakers when I want to use this.
Amazing sound quality whenever hearing games that feature the sound settings. Even on some youtube videos.
Its hot
Has amazing sound. Great comfort and very heavy duty.
Thank you. My son loves the headset
My grandson loves it, so I do too (even though I cant get him to talk to me anymore).
Im not sure these are worth $100, but they are nice headphones.  They are pretty comfortable, however my ear does touch the speaker a bit, so it would have been nice to have a quarter-inch more padding on the muffs.  The microphone seems to be good, no one has complained about my audio while playing co-op games.  The mic does a better job of ignoring my keystrokes (noisy mechanical keyboard) and only picking up my speech.  The flexible microphone arm is great, easy to adjust and feels very solid. The headphones in general have a very nice look and feel, well-constructed, good fit and finish.  My only complaint is the volume control and mute switch: the volume dial is too small and recessed, and the mute switch would be better as a toggle button.  Together the result is you have to fumble a bit to adjust volume/mute.
Sound - 8/10 Comfort - 9/10 Microphone - 7.5/10 (Bonus points for being detachable) Build Quality - 9.5/10 Accessories - 8.5/10 I would definitely recommend these to anyone in the market for a gaming headset. The sound quality for gaming headsets in this price range will never compare to dedicated audiophile headphones like Sennheisers, but its far better than any other gaming headset Ive used (Including ones that cost twice as much).
Was looking for headphones I could wear while wearing glasses and these definitely work.
First i had some issues fixing the sound since i play more of fps games ex; rainbow six siege stereo type headseats make it kind of heard to recognize where the sound is coming from but you can put your sound to 7.1 it will help but if you play other games that doesn’t need a 7.1 then keep it in stereo ex: Fortnite
Most comfortable headset Ive ever owned. The mic isnt amazing quality - but thats not what I purchased it for. It serves its purpose for Discord. Most headsets start hurting my ears after an hour or so of use. I can wear these for 4-6 before my ears start hurting. When will a company make a headset that you can wear comfortably as you fill your addictions for 20 hours straight!?
Let me just start off by saying that these are my favorite headphones for gaming. I have owned turtle beaches, astros and tritons, but these are my go to. It comes in a nice box, standard for the HyperX company. When I took out the headphones I was astounded by the quality of them. Nice leather head band that’s comfortable and stylish with the red stitching. The ear cups are memory foam and padded with leather finish. They did not fatigue my head even after hours of playing. Now for what you came here to read. The sound and mic quality. In terms of the sound, the HyperX Cloud Alpha does not support 7.1 and only stereo. Do not let this fool you. They have built a dual chamber for crisp highs, mids, and bassy lows. Playing games like BF1, COD and even LoL are extremely emmersive with these headphones. They are clear as day and I really felt I had the edge on players with the clarity of hearing footsteps from any direction. They are clearly not the BEST in terms of sound but don’t fool yourself, these are amazing when it comes to sound. For the mic, it is definitely not the best mic out there, but isn’t the worst. It has noise cancelling technology so if you were to be doing laundry in the background your buddies won’t here it. At times I felt that I needed to turn up the mic volume in order to hear my friends. On the receiving end of these my friends said that the mic quality was quite clear but sometimes could be lost in intense gun fights. The mic is also detachable so if you wanted to listen to music you can with these but I’ll stick with my Bose Quite Comforts. As a quick recap, unbelievably comfortable and stylish headphones. Sound quality is the best you’ll get for mid-range headphones that go for $70-120. Mic does the trick but is not top of the line. All in all, the best gaming headset for any gamer, casual or serious, with a very reasonable price tag of $100.
Bought for my husband for Christmas and he loves it!
I invest roughly 4 to 8 hours daily either writing music and/or playing video games. I am VERY picky about sound quality, comfort, and fatigue when it comes to my headsets. HyperX Cloud Alpha replaced my 14 year old Breyerdynamic DT770 pros in the studio, which I never thought possible. HyperX is lighter in weight and every bit as comfortable. The sound quality is crisp, balanced, and the dual chambers make the bass response just awesome. The stereo sound is accurate and enjoyable. The braided cable is designed for durability. As I move my head, the cable rubs against my shirt and the sound resonates up into the left ear cup. This is  annoying but the cable is removable so it is an easy replacement. I may even try a foot of shrink wrap near the shoulder because it really is a good quality cable with integrated mute toggle and volume controls. Other than my personal braided cable issue, id hardly notice wearing the headset at all. The ambient noise canceling ear cups work like a charm. Fatigue from wear is mostly nonexistent. My gaming community immediately noticed a microphone clarity improvement when I switched to the HyperX boom mic from the Sony collar clip mic I used before. In closing, the HyperX Cloud Alpha is my new favorite all-round headset. Sorry Breyerdynamic, looks like youre closet bound!
If these are not on your head right now, they need to be. This is the best headset i’ve ever owned, and by far the most comfortable. Also the construction of these is grade A, super high quality build. If these somehow broke tomorrow (say i ran them over on accident) i would most certainly order a replacement.
The head set sounds great but my mic sounded awful. Nothing like the reviews Ive seen. I returned it and got a new headset. mic does sound better but still nowhere near as good as reviews Ive seen. The main problem is the volume is so low. I set the mic to 100% and i have to have the mic literally on my mouth to pick up anything. I have to raise the voice boost to 20 which make my mic sound loud enough but, now theres so much white noise/hissing on the mic that sounds awful so I turned on noise suppression and that gets rid of about 95% of the white noise but at a cost. my voice sound nasally and unclear. In terms of comfort, its a 8/10 for me. They fell good but just a little to much clamping. overall i would recomend these headset for it sound quality. its awesome, but the microphone is not very good and i feel mislead by the videos that i say of the headset mic quality.going to keep them but, Im very unsatisfied  with the mic. P.S. for anyone wondering I have them connected to my motherboard using realtek audio with the latest drivers 6.0.1.8302.
If you werent aware of the HyperX Cloud II headset which set the headset world on fire for multiple years, this Alpha headset is the direct successor to that model. A couple years down the road and there are a few minor additions. First off, theres an in-line headset control for volume, mic input, and mute controlling. This headset can be used with an Xbox One, PS4 and a PC (extra headset/mic input offered for PC) and it handles stereo audio on all platforms though it is fully capable of taking advantage of Windows Sonic and Dolby Atmos simulated surround sound. This is not a wireless headset but a wired headset on all platforms. You plug it in via a 3.5mm connector which comes bundled with the package if youre buying new. As for build quality the Cloud Alpha is EXCELLENT in this department. Metal frame meets stitched leather and foam ear cups that all make an excellent fit and feel throughout. At no point does this headset seem cheap or fragile while using or setting down and thats something to cheer about if youre looking at the $99-and-under category. As for the sound? Solid. What most people shopping for this headset dont know is that the Cloud Alpha, like the Cloud II, is based on pre-existing headphones. Why does this matter? Because headphone makers that have experience in building and tuning these devices make way better products and dont have to charge as much because they know what theyre doing and how to do it at more competitive prices (forgive me but I spaced on the model headset theyre based on but you can find that info in select reviews elsewhere on the internet if youre that curious). Some say the microphone doesnt meet the quality of the rest of the headset but I dont think thats something to really gripe about until you get over $100. Id say the mic on this headset is more of an afterthought compared to the rest of the device but its not bad - just average, and thats probably good enough for virtually all gamers that arent into the pro-level competition and would need clear, concise headsets that do everything near-perfect. While playing games the headset delivers very well-tuned audio. Theres just a slight bump in the bass frequencies to give you a more impactful audio feel for things like explosions or large vehicles but it doesnt beat you over the head with bass and thats a great thing regardless of what game youre playing. Mids and highs are tight and really exceed expectations in this price range as youd typically find some kind of compromise in this area of review. Lastly with the audio, there is mic monitoring on the Xbox One for those of you that are in need of that feature. I have a pair of Razer Threshers that Im getting rid of over this headset because of this feature. While the Thresher has mic monitoring its about half as loud as the Cloud Alpha, meaning you wont be yelling to hear yourself over your headset and bothering anyone else that might live with you or next to you. I cant speak to how mic monitoring will work on PS4 but Id assume its available on PC since you can set any mic to feed back through headphones through Windows controls (and probably Mac controls if youre one of the 4 people in the world that game on Mac. JK, but seriously...) If I were to recommend only one sub-$100 headset, it would be the Cloud Alpha. Why? Because it does everything you need it to do with above-average execution. If you compare to Turtle Beach or Logitech or RIG headsets youll find either a drop in build quality, audio quality, comfort, or all of the above. Few gaming headsets can really challenge the Cloud Alpha in its price range. Sure, you can find a pair of Astro A40s refurbished for around $90-$100 but those are designed to be used with a mixamp to really get the most out of them (and theyre refurbished, not brand new). My gripes with the Cloud Alpha are near-zero but I do think HyperX needs to find a way to offer this headset with a wireless connection and swappable ear pads. Thats the one thing that Razer gets perfectly-right - they have both foam and gel-infused ear pads you can use with the headset and while the Cloud Alpha has very comfortable cups to rest on your ear and around your ear, its not quite perfect for adults that have above-average head sizes and thus larger ear sizes. My ears just barely fit into the space but Id prefer to have the option to swap out the pads for oversized pads. Wireless would just be the cherry on top and I think HyperX can probably offer a knock-out headset that offers these things for another $30 and really dominate the spaces. The nice advantage of wiring into your controller is that you have tons of control both with the in-line control and the Xbox audio controls which all allow for overall volume control, chat/game mixing and mic monitor mixing as well. If these are on sale for under $99 then theres absolutely nothing out there that can compete in all aspects of gaming headsets. The audio tuning is just too good and the build quality is way better than many $100+ headsets.
Love em. Work great and feel a lot more durable than my old Turtle Beach headset that broke at the plastic ear piece bracket, on two different headsets, that were similar in cost.
So comfortable, and the music/games sound great!  Ive had a good 7 headsets over the last 3 years (from Astros, Turtle Beach, Polk Audio, Hyper X, Steel Series), but these are by far the most comfortable! The sound is about as good as the Polk 4 shots (great sound, but cheap plastic), but the bass could be better as less than the Astro 50s. The only difference the other brands, when turned up to Max volume, get very muddy and tones are drowned out with no clarity. The Alphas keep clarity no matter how loud you may like your games or music. They are a solid build, but I do worry about the screws from the red aluminum attaching to plastic of the earphones.The headband is metal, but if the speaker breaks off a metal headband doesnt do you any good. Pros: aluminum headband great sound, clear at max volume super comfortable, memory foam is very soft on ear cups and top of head mic doesnt pick up many background noises, windscreen for fan works well! Cons: screws into plastic to hold ear cups braided line can kink or be a hassle not the best inline control only leather cups, no velour or cloth like older models shallow depth of ear cups, bigger ears may be uncomfortable against speakers not many accessories for cable configuration, only available separately There is a longer list of Cons, so you may ask why the 5 star review... Its because these cons dont really apply to me, but I can see it may be an issue for some. I personally love this headset and it works very well for me.
I have both this headset and the cloud II. I have to say that I love both of them, but I am still using my cloud II over the alphas. Mainly because you just cant compete with the comfort the cloud has over the alphas. The alpha provides you with great comfort for long gaming and I use this headset when gaming on the console because I noticed less sound from the headset makes it back into the mic (I play with volume up pretty high). I gave it the four stars because, in the end, I would recommend the cloud II over this headset.
Just buy them lolol .. they are epic... sexy as sshhiieet
For the price, the HyperX Cloud Alphas are good stereo headphones. It comes with a detachable mic, a carry bag, and inline volume/mic controller. Make sure you dont plug in the 3.5 mm aux cable in the wrong way.
Amazing headset, best Ive ever owned. I found the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro Gaming Headset to be very comfortable and aesthetically pleasing. The audio and mic quality were both exceptional, increasing my gaming ability. Also, using Windows Sonic, I could achieve the same 7.1 surround experience as the dongle HyperX offers. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase.
I was hesitant when first purchasing because a lot of headsets tend to hurt my ears but these have been a dream. The Directional Audio is great, mic quality is crisp, and the cushions on the headsets help prevent fatigue when wearing them for +6 Hours straight. Detachable mic is a plus when I just want to wear them while listening to music. The only setback I have found is they are a little on the heavy side but you dont notice this until the +10 Hour mark of wearing them.
Best headset ive ever had.
For a wired headset its nice and clear.
Pricey.  Replaced Fatality headset.  Big difference in sounds and clarity.
Gud vibes, gud people, rock n roll
Good headphones, mic is alright. Personally cant use em because leather earcups are very uncomfortable for me, so Im switching back to my Beyerdynamic DT770s. Velour is the way to go. Also a combined cable (weird design of the microphone being plugged into the headphones) is nicer for cable management, but running the mic into a mixer didnt work for me so that was another reason I didnt keep it. No actual significant design flaws though, and I did enjoy them. +1
The HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro fits on larger heads. Sounds the same to me as my Cloud 2s
The HyperX Clould Aplha Pro Gaming is one of the best headsets I have owned. This headset is perfect for gaming and music. The sound the crisp and clear with not too much bass. And as for comfort, their signature memory foam really sells it. The headsets are surprisingly light in weight and the earcups deliver stunning passive noise cancellation. The mic is detachable so you can listen to music on the go. After using this product for about a week, I did notice some minor flaws in this headset. The way this headset was built, your ears are going to touch the inside of the headset. At times, I found myself having to readjust the headset because the metal was scratching against my ear. I had only wish they would use a more denser fabric inside the earcups similar to the Astros A10. In conclusion, the HyperX Alpha Pro Gaming Headset is one of the best headsets you can get for under $100. Everything about this headset screams premium and I like how aesthetic these are. Their leatherette is one of the softest things I’ve ever touched.
Need a headset that uses 3.5mm jack? GET THIS ONE!! I play on ps4 and xbox one and I looked to upgrade from my turtle beach 60P. This one was a huge upgrade! Most good mics only work great one console and lose out a lot on the other one. This one works amazing on both with no draw backs. The material this is made from is really nice and it feels very comfortable to wear. Audio is very clear and bass is solid performance. I recommend this headset to anyone looking for a cross platform headset.
Crisp sound and does not sound muddy. Bass is lowered but can easily be adjusted through EQ software as I have done to increase bass to my liking (I used Equalizer APO). Comfortable. Feels and looks high quality. Durable. I like to wear a beanie and I wear glasses. I did find that with the beanie and glasses on, the headset hurt the top of my ears because I have glasses. But Im not going to knock a star down for that because not everyone wears beanies when they game. Five star product.
As soon as I put these on. I was in HEAVEN. So comfortable. The sound is also incredible! My brother put some song about pickle rick and knew these were the ones for me.. xD Ive tried many headsets from various companies. I even tried the original clouds which were decent but fell apart too easily. These are great. They feel solid and sturdy. Look baddass. Sound EVEN MORE BADDASS. Go for it. havent had any problems yet and havent really put them down much.
The sound quality
Ive been using the same Logitech headset for years, and have been wanting a light, durable, and comfortable alternative since my old one is falling apart. Originally wanted to grab the HyperX Cloud II because of its amazing sound cancellation abilities, but decided to opt for the Alpha instead. Definitely takes the cake! Ill break down why: Pros: Sound cancellation -- My mic sounds clear when I game, and none of my background gets picked up Comfortable fit -- Goes around my ears, thus allowing for longer sessions of gaming/music listening Double-braided cord -- Durable and sleek Lightweight -- Can wear for long periods of time without feeling like my heads being crushed; light enough to bring everywhere with me Beautiful sound -- Love, love, love how the music/in game sounds come out so clear! Matte finish -- Super smooth and doesnt pick up oily fingerprints that stain. Easy to clean Beautiful packaging -- Im a sucker for clean packaging. The box it comes in is awesome, and everything is well put together. Cords were easy to find and organized Adjustable headband -- lined for comfort, and able to change sizes easily Simple design -- Classy red and black, without looking too out of place with random LEDs and whatnot Price -- $100 for this?! Hell yeah! Cons: Confusing sound set-up -- was slightly difficult to figure out how to change the sound on stream to come out of the headphones, but it worked out
Great headset for the money.  super comfortable and sounds great
Couldnt get the microphone working for 2 days, but for some reason it worked the 3rd time I tried it. Couldve been any number of things, but I think it wasnt compatible with my mix amp.
Really comfortable and extremely good when it comes to positional sound. Also one of the best gaming headsets when you listen to music. The detachable cord is extremely useful if you travel with the headset a lot. I would easily recommend these to all my friends
I dont ever write reviews for products because I am lazy. I originally had the HyperX Cloud IIs and I havent used anything else. I took a chance and tried the Alpha clouds and it is completely worth it. Now I will be real with you I thought I had a problem with this at first because sound didnt seem perfect but me being the idiot didnt plug it in all the way. The support staff was able to help me through it and it sounds amazing now. Anyone who says otherwise probably didnt plug it in all the way or something but I see nothing wrong with this at all. If you dont have an IQ under 50 this is the perfect headset for any gamer.
As a gamer I have tried different headphones through out the decade. I moved from SteelSeries to HyperX headphone because HyperX Cloud Alpha offers better sound quality and IT IS REALLY COMFORTABLE + DURABLE. I can wear this headphone all day and not get any soreness in my ears. Also a friend of mine who got the same headphone had a little bit of problem at the start, but in the end he just forgot to plug the cable ALL the way in. So buyers make sure you plug the cable all the way in. Enjoy the gaming experience!!
Foreground: I will be doing a comparison to a previous headset and explaining my current setup, then well get into the review. My previous headset was the Turtle Beach Elite Pro with T.A.C. the headset itself lasted me about 2.5 years and within the last year sounds slowly started becoming muffled, and the L ear driver seemed to be shorting out. (Sounded like I was going deaf in my L ear). I was in the market looking for a headset that could serve my needs as an extensive gamer and a streamer. The turtle beaches served me well for the first year but I wanted to see what else was available. Que in the HyperX Cloud Alpha. I was in debate between these, the Cloud Revolver S, and Sennheiser PC37x from Massdrop. I decided to pull the trigger on the Alphas because after reading TONS of reviews, it appeared that they seemed to be the best "bang" for your buck as well as one of the best sounding headsets out there. I wasnt too worried about price though as I had spent $200 on the TBs I had prior. I just wanted a headset that fit my needs which was: 1: Comfort; as I sometimes have 8+ hour long streaming/gaming sessions 2: Sound Quality; I play tons of competitive shooters as well as indie games and listen to music. I wanted crisp audio with decent bass and mids 3: Durability; When spending over $100 Id like to hang on to gear for AT LEAST 2+ years With all that said, I wont overstate too much which can be found from other reviews on here. IF YOU PLAY SHOOTERS, YOU NEED THIS HEADSET. I cannot stress this enough. I couldnt believe how many specific audio cues I was missing out on while wearing my turtle beaches. Now, to be fair, I do have my Alphas connected into the turtle beach TAC(tactical audio controller) essentially and external USB mixamp. And it gives me mic monitoring and a bit of audio boost. But, the fact that these SOAR over turtle beachs premium flagship headset in audio quality really does say something. The only small gripes I have is that my ears touch the drivers and the outbound mic quality sound is just a LITTLE bit more artificial and nasly than it was on the Elite Pros. It doesnt cause any ear fatigue but I just ended up getting used to it. I suppose I can just fix that with some thicker earpads. To summarize: HyperX Cloud Alphas are just amazing and blow other competition out of the water. In audio quality, this is what I expect out of spending $100 and I think this should now be the Gold Standard for gaming headsets. Super comfy, fantastic audio quality, good microphone, and great build. 5/5
Best headphones Ive ever owned.
I returned the cloud 2s because these came out right after and i wanted to try them out. I have to say compared to the cloud 2s the sound is much better, and alot louder. Bass is deeper and highs are clearer. They are a little uncomfortable for me compared to the 2s because the earcups are smaller and hurt after prolonged times. Other then that they are amazing headphones. Mic is clear and doesnt pick up background noise much. I got this for my console so have no research for p.c.  Also really like the inline control on the aux cord. I didnt think i would an thought it would feel cheap but it is really convenient and works nice.
I have had my pair for 4 months and have absolutely loved them. Recently the cable started fraying, which I expected because these things have taken a beating. Anyways, today I contacted customer service to see if I could purchase a 2nd cable and they sent me one for free! Overall, this is a great product with great customer service. Definitely a recommended buy!
The memory foam makes a huge difference! Ive had multiple turtle beaches and this doesnt even come close. Best headset Ive ever bought. Great quality, comfort and price.
Coming from an Astro a40 user: I found the a40 loud and not clear. The hyperx clouds have nice bass and not too overpowering. Clear and crisp mids and highs. Overall I feel like the quality sound improvement is best. I hooked the hyperx to a sennheiser gsx 1000 and man I dont have to turn on my Bose Companions anymore! Now I only have 1 complaint. The faux leather might be comfy BUT your ears make contact with the drivers and can get a little painful if you put them on and off constantly or move them a lot when on something that never happened with my a40s. Other thoughts: I have yet to test the mic because I have it paired with a blue yeti. I have no regrets with my purchase.
I had the x2 and just used the 7.1 channel box for those and bam instant quality sound, but without it kind of sounds like crap.
Love HyperX a lot. Ive had all of their Cloud series of headsets and they are fanominal. Only problem Ive had with them so far is that I am a glasses wearer and after some time my head begins to ache and sometimes my ears touch the drivers. This is still the second most comfortable headset Ive worn. Second to the Cloud IIs. If I could wear these for hours without feeling the fatigue of the headset pushing on my glasses and making my head hurt. Id give up that last star!
Ive only had these for a week, so I obviously cant speak about long term quality.  However, in this week Ive been blown away.  I had two reasons for getting these, gaming and conference calls.  I was having problems with calls to work and needed something better.  After reading a ton of reviews of just about every headset I could find I settled on this one and Im very pleased.  I have partial hearing loss so I didnt know what to expect, but after the first call I was stunned.  I actually was able to hear and understand everyone on the call for the first time in a year.  The ear cushions are comfortable and block outside noise perfectly.  Gaming was also a joy, as I could hear things in the game I hadnt noticed before.  There was also a good deal of bass for convincing explosions. Quality seems very good to me.  I like the use of metal over plastic.  The ear cushions are very comfortable and I didnt find them too tight. Sound quality is excellent, but again I have hearing loss so my expectations may be lower than others. In fact, the only quibble I have is the microphone connector is near the cable connector and I accidentally tried plugging that cord into the microphone slot and instantly worried I might have broke something.  Just be careful, or just be smarter than I was.
These are by far the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn. Feels super sturdy. The sound is incredible. I went from turtle beach to these and there is no going back. Using on XB1 with Sony Dolby atmos running makes all the difference. The only “thing” that would be considered a “negative” is the braided cable rubs on your clothes and reverberates a little scratching sound to your ears because of the solid construction. But that’s only if your leaning back in your seat. Big whoop. Buy these now.
Great headphones for gaming and music. Sound is very directional and is very comfortable to wear for extended periods.
Good set of headphones...but wish could turn the volume up more then it does...hard to hear foot steps when playing RPGs
Pretty great! Comfortable with excellent sound quality. I dont even miss the software surround sound of my other headset. My only gripe is that I dont like leatherette ear pads and I wish the mic didnt pick up sound from the headset drivers so well.
Very light headphones, very durable, crisp sound, and flexible
Before purchasing these, I read and watched countless reviews online. After watching a review by Jimmys Review Room on YouTube, I finally decided to pick them up for my Xbox One. I cant put into words how great this headset is. The packaging was very easy to open and made it easier to sort everything included inside. Upon putting the headset on, I noticed how soft the faux leather/memory foam earcups are around my head. Between the earcups, padded headband, and adjustable aluminum frame, this headset is incredibly comfortable. Before plugging them into my controller, I thought Id test the sound quality by playing some music from my phone. Needless to say, the dual chamber drivers really eliminate any possible distortion, as well as produce crystal clear highs, mids, and lows. Honestly, the sound quality produced by the Cloud Alpha headset is far superior than my Beats Solo2 Wireless Headphones. The mic itself is detachable, clear, and blocks out a large amount of background noise. One thing that surprised me was that I dont need to plug the headset into my TV to hear my games along with chat. All I need is the adapter, which I already had from using my Turtle Beach X12s. Overall, this headset is amazing for the price, one of the best on the market, and I would highly recommend them to anyone.
Incredible headset. So comfortable and AWESOME!
The earcups were super soft and smooth and the headset is comfortable. Love the modularity aspect since i dont use the mic too often. Only somewhat complaint i have is the bass could be better
Despite ordering "used" , I felt these were new and according to my son they are excellent and perfect for gaming and talking to fellow gamers on internet
My wife just got me these for Christmas. I have had a few pair of headphones and i must say, these are the best. The sound is crazy clear, i play everything from 2k to destiny and it all sounds great. Get them, you will loveem
Great headphones. Playing CSGO or Battlefield 4 with these on feels like you have some kind of audio cheat. Can hear everything. Ive been accused of wallhacking several times because I can hear footsteps - and Im not even that good! They are a lot lighter than they look. I love the red aluminum on them. Removable mic was a huge selling point for me as I dont use it half the time. They are so comfortable. I do find myself removing them between maps to let my ears breath a bit, as they get kind of warm, but not a big deal. They sit snug but not too tight. Cup my ears. My wife hates them cause I cant hear anything but whats coming out of them. The audio is super crisp, and extremely clear. My one nitpick with them is the bass performance with music isnt the best. That being said though, a tiny tune up of the EQ and these are brilliant with music as well. These are easily amongst the best headphones Ive ever had on my head.
Pretty good headset. I ended up returning it because I did not like that it was in Stereo. There is better options much cheaper for headsets I picked up the Phillips and Vmoda combo and and could not be happier. Overall pretty good headset but you are paying premium for a name
Audio/build quality is just awesome... Was very comfortable to wear for hours cdnt even feel the headband cups were a well fit.. Only drawback for me is my ears feel hot aftet a while in a hot day (i live in a hot Country) but overall its totally worth  it.. Sounds way better than my previous siberia
Im going to review them here even though I purchase them elsewhere. These things are a beast. I think theyre underpriced but I wont complain. Ive had and test alot of gaming headsets and this is the most comfortable ones you can buy in this price range. The sound is spot on and shouldnt be compared to 200-300 hi res set but for the quality theyre underpriced. Ive paid more for plastic with crappy sound. PS4 users will have to find a way to amplify them.  I have a more expensive setup using Creative Soundblaster x7. I pump PC and PS4 sound into the x7 and these headphones really sing. I also like the Cloud 2 but they pinch my left ear a little because I have big ears. Give these a try you might like them.
The construction overall feels very solid, and worth the price. They are also very comfortable to wear, as the memory foam padding does a great job of conforming to your head. I also have a very large head, and I dont feel like I put undue pressure or torque on the headset at all when wearing it. The only downside ergonomically is that the ear muffs dont have any rotation, so its not as comfortable to wear it with one of the ear muffs off an ear. This is a minor complaint, however. I was a bit concerned about other reviews which said that the foam wasnt thick enough and would cause ear pain. While I have fairly large ears, the construction of my ears is such that they do not stick out to the side very far. If you have ears that stick out noticeably, you should probably find another headset. I could see it being a problem without a different muff pad.
I did allot of waiting and research on these and it took me like two months to finally crack and order them because they seemed so perfect for gaming and the music I make they don’t do good under different high or low bass pitches they seem to pop and crack under the stress The only issue I have with them is that and they’re not loud enough the sound is good just not loud enough so I tried messing with an equalizer and all that to make them louder through my pc and nothing. They’re very comfortable with or without a hat and they fit awesome. Not bad for 100$ Just not what I was looking for. I’m 28 hard of hearing and I’ve used headsets that made me feel like my issue wasn’t an issue but these are just not loud enough for me. These could be the ones for you. My roommate loves them. If anyone has any pro tips for m swing with the sound quality let me know.
The quality of them is great, impressed with the sound. My only disappointment here is the noise cancelling, I thought it would be a lot better.
Replaced some Sennheisers that were great until one of the speakers stopped working. These were cheaper, sound a little better and appear to be sturdier though time will tell.
I got this to replace my long list of Turtle Beach headsets Ive had in the past. I used this along with the Dolby atmos you can buy for the Xbox One X, and I havent had any issues. Get great 3D surround and theyre comfortable for hours at a time.
Sounds good
good
Been using these for around 6 months, no complaints. Only recently had been cutting out sound on one side, a computer reboot fixes this however. Very comfortable to wear for multiple hours of gaming .
Everything everyone says it is! Wouldn’t recommend anything else
I never write reviews on anything but I felt this was important to list out. I have been looking for a pair of headphones that are the best for footsteps as well as good overall sound. I buy headphones and sell them if they dont fit my needs. Here is a list of headphones Ive had for at least 4 months or longer : Logitech g533, Logitech G933, Razer man o wars, Audio Technica ATH-AD700X, Sennheiser HD 598, Sennheiser game one, Sennheiser game zero and last hyperx cloud alpha. So far the best for footsteps: [open back] audio Technica ATH-AD700X and [closed back] Hyperx Cloud Alpha The Sennheisers do sound better and are amazing headphones but the hyperX cloud alphas offer good sound with amazing sound stage even for being closed back headphones more so than the Sennheiser game zeros.
They sound great and theyre super comfortable after wearing for a couple hours. Theyre also built very well and they have an aluminum frame so theyre light and its not heavy on your head.
PRICE WAS GOOD JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR
Comfortable. Bought for my sons birthday- he uses them on XBOX one.. pretty solid and comfy. I tried them on and they are waaaaaaay better (in my opinion) that the Turtle Beach he had, and I dont even want to get into how this compares to  Microsofts little XBOX headset. (eye roll) Good buy!
Can be a little tight around the ears, but solid build quality.
Unbelievably comfortable, sound and mic quality are top tier. Easily rivals $200+ headsets. Using on Xbone, iPhone, and laptop.
Balanced  sound and Mic quality for the price. Best mid range headset money can buy.
Comfortable and good quality microphone. Sound quality in the headphones is also very good.
Greatest purchase since I bought first version of Cloud headset
I bought it paired with 7.1 dongle and sounds very good
Hi my name is Barry Allen and Im a Roblox player ( 12 btw) and Ive been in love with this headset. Does a very good job suppressing the noise when the mic is used (comparing to my last headset g230). If youre playing a video on ur phone and the mic is above it, it would not pick up the noise (unless ur playing THX). So if your mom comes into ur room while u are playing "cops and robbers" and nags but u dont want to be embarrassed in front of ur Roblox gf, you should definitely give this a try. Worth a hundred bucks since its new. (Update) day 84: the braided cables are starting to tangle and its getting annoying, also putting on the headset fast and hard hurts ur ear after a while and you can put it on light and gently if u dont want ur ears to hurt.
Crisp sound, super sound stage.  I purchased the Bose prior to this, but was not impressed with the sound quality--seems like theyre trying to be Beats now.  Anyways, I returned those POSs and picked these up.  They work better for music, and with the detachable mic, I can use them for gaming, streaming, or video conferencing as well.
Great headphones amazing bass, mid and upper range are a little weak but if you plug it into an amp it sounds amazing. Default head pads are good but I replaced them for the Brainwavez leatherette memory foam pads. Metal frame feels VERY sturdy and well made.
Ive had these since Nov 9th, 2018 and have gave them a good workout on my PC and Xbox One enough so that I feel I can give an honest review of them. Comfort 5/5 These are extremely comfortable to wear. Ive wore them for multiple hours in gaming sessions with friends with no problem. The ear piece is oval shaped and cover my ears completely instead of sitting just over the openings which usually apply pressure to my ear lobes and makes my ears sore after 30 minutes or so. Sound 5/5 This is the part that I was most excited for. The sound quality is great. Explosions have a deep satisfying bass while still being able to make out other noises at the same time. One thing that surprised me was walking through an area and hearing water trickling down the rocks. I had never noticed it before with my other headset that I had. Durability 5/5 They feel really well constructed. When stretching them open to slide on I didnt feel like the band was going to snap. The ear pieces are thick and the metal holding the cuffs feels extremely well made. Cant really complain about anything with this headset about durability. Ill update this review if anything does happen but so far Im really happy with them. XBOX ONE USERS WHO EXPERIENCE ECHO This was the main reason I bought a new headset. Every headset I had bought for some reason lately always had a weird echo in Party Chat. Either I would hear myself echo after speaking or everyone else in the party would hear themselves start echoing or hear my multiple times. This headset eliminated this completely for me. If you decide to get these to try, I hope it works out for you also. Why am I giving it a 4/5 instead of a 5/5? My pair came without the mic and amazon support wasnt able to send out a  mic for it or a new headset to swap with. So had to order one myself. If it came with the mic it would have been a 5/5 for sure. Hope this review helps people out.
Best fit and sound of any headset Ive had. For the price I wish it had come with a carrying case instead of a bag.
Fantastic headset. Audio wise, I compared this to the Astro line (A10, A20, A40 TR, A50), Sony NEW Gold Headset and the HyperX Revolver S and landed on the Cloud Alpha (and purchasing the 7.1 Dolby Dongle from HyperX directly, for the Revolver S). I was really sold on getting the Astro A40 with Mixamp but after testing these out, I saved myself $150 AND I can use them with anything. The comfort level here is the other factor, and I can game with these for hours. The Astros felt a bit tight and while they did have better audio...that doesnt matter if I have to take the headset off after 30 mins. Awesome sound and when combined with the HyperX sound card, its a really great headset that I think competes with the Astro premium headsets for sure. 7.1 is overrated in my book, but bought the dongle anyways for the EQ presets and in case I wanted it. If you are debating on a headset purchase, you have to seriously consider this.
It is really comfortable and it some booming bass but it is something I would never wear in public and I wish it was wireless
Very comfortable. Good sound. Wish they had the velour cups too like other Cloud sets, and separate volume for game and chat, but pretty pleased with these so far after a few days.
These headphones are simply amazing. Sound quality is great, packaged very well, light, comfortable. All around a great buy.
Comfy and really good base and mic for its price
I love that I can enjoy my gaming!! I can hear when people are walking up behind me or around me and it gives me enough time to get away or run! Great earphones! The best by far!
bass is not there.. if u love bass this wont work for you
Best gaming headset Ive used thus far. Switched from the Cloud Revolvers.
Very nice
EXCELENT! DELIVERED ON TIME!!!
I would highly recommend this over the Cloud 2’s. I’ve owned the Cloud 2’s for almost three years, and they broke despite being amazing headphones. The Alpha is slightly larger, but better made and the sound quality is slightly better than that of the Cloud 2’s. If you have working Cloud 2’s I wouldn’t recommend switching unless you like wasting money, but if you’re looking for a headset in this price bracket I’d recommend the Alpha over the Clouds.
The audio quality is good on this headphones like what other reviews state but the cushions heat up my ears and it gets uncomfortable after an hour of wearing. I have to occasionally lift the headphones to air my ears. The cushions are comfortable but the clamping force was kind of perfect. It had a perfect seal around my ears but it wasnt super comfortable like clouds on my ear. I could still feel the cushions forcing against my face. The microphone works well. The detachable cable was very helpful whenever I had to put it in the included silky bag. The attachment of the cable to the headphone was very tight which means the cable wouldnt slip of very easily. But it can be a pain to remove it with just one hand although its possible. The packaging was very good and the box underneath the outer casing looked better alone. This headphones is marketed as a gaming headphone but I use it for listening to music everyday and for playing on my xbox/PC. The audio quality for music is very good. The vocals and the kids can be heard very clearly without any clear distortion. I tested it using the Dolby Atmos demo on the Razer phone and the sound stage was amazing. Its good for both music listening and gaming.  Its not an ordinary gaming headset. It can also be used for the sole purpose of music listening and you get an additional microphone thats also good
Bought these to use in Xbox one, was somewhat disappointed at first. Ended up also buying turtle beach XO seven for cheap. The turtle beaches have helped me to appreciate these way more. Dont not expect to be blown away with the sound. Its a little low for my taste and the bass is ok but nothing crazy. But its clean, crisp, and clear. They are comfortable but I still got fatigue wearing them. All and all I def recommend them after trying the other headphones for Xbox one just like I said dont expect to be blown away.
Great sound
This headset has a lot of goods going for itself, especially at this price point - decent sounding headphones, detachable cables and mic, solid build quality, and extremely comfortable even with my extra large head. I was left disappointed, however, when it came to use with PS4 despite it sounding fine on PC. When I connected it to my PS4 controller I was treated to a set of headphones that was too quiet. After doing some research I found out this headset has an impedance rating of 65 ohms, and that the PS4 controller does not have enough power to drive the thing. Whose problem is it to fix, Sony or HyperX? Regardless, while this is a great headset, it does not work well enough out of the box with a PS4 like the product description claims.
Awesome gaming headset!!husband really loved it
This is some good stuff ...
So for me it came down between the Turttle Beach Stealth 600 and these so I bought both of them to see witch ones i liked the most and these beat the turtle beaches by audio quality, comfortably, design, mic, and durability. The tuttle beaches were so cheap compared to these. Major downsides for the turttle beaches is that you cant turn the volume up and the earmuffs are terrible for noise canceling. These hyperx cloud Alpha are the best headphones you can get under $100 even better than some of the top of the line ones. Best audio headest for xbox one!
I originally purchased the HyperX Cloud Core headset. I returned them and purchased these for the unique bass setup and controls on the cable. I am glad I did. These are really great for gaming and not too bad for music. I use them on my PS4 Pro and Gear VR. These sound better in my opinion, than my over $300 Audio-Technica headphones, that I use primarily for music. The only downside is the bulk. I will not be using these while traveling.
This is an extremely good headphone. I am no professional gamer but I use it on my ps4 and having a removable microphone means I can use it as my pair of traveling/working from home headphones. The sound is fantastic but this model has a big issue for me and it might be for people like me. I have a very large head (Sixe L/XL and 8") and the clamping force is too strong. After only 30 minutes I have to take it off. Ive only used the headphones for 2 weeks and Ive started to keep the headphones over some books to try to aliviate the clamping force. Would I buy these headphones again? Probably.
Great set of headphones. One of the most comfortable i have ever experienced. Great for hours long gaming sessions. They seem well made
One day so far,almost took one star off because of confusing  instructions.  Headset is not labeled for what jack ?  Speaker jack has a gray band, and goes into the gray banded center deep jack.  Oval recessed is mic. jack.  Does have good distance and rotating sound.  Not a big headphone guy, last one was 2009. This does not have any extra parts other then an extended split cable.  Headphone is 4p jack, and split cable has two 3p jacks.  (one mic, other speakers).  Wore for six hours, and same as first 20min. to me.  Used for gaming.  Found it did matter where I plugged it in, surround sound exterior  jack was lacking bass, and pc jack was best sound direct. Updated to add the music sound is unbelievable !  Actuallly turned my head to see where the distance background sounds are coming from !  Better then being at a concert with good music !  My speakers do not sound as good with surround of instruments.
I will start by explaining that Ive never reviewed a product on Amazon before.  I just feel highly compelled to share my incredibly positive experience with anyone shopping for a high-quality headset. I have used a variety of different headsets, either for gaming, or music listening.  I have spent anywhere between $60 and $300 on headsets, with the ultimate goal of finding something exceptional.  Before I ordered this headset, I had settled for something mediocre (Turtle Beach XO Seven).  I decided to give this headset a try, and I cannot begin to describe how pleased I am with this purchase. Comfortability: 5/5 This headset is without a doubt the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn.  The ear cups sit lightly but snuggly against your head.  You can even wear them with glasses for extended periods of time without any discomfort at all!  This is important to me, as I often am required to wear glasses while playing video games, which is the primary function of this headset for me.  These ear cups are also ventilated somehow, as my ears do not get hot at all while gaming. With other headsets, I found my ears becoming hot during long gaming sessions, not the case at all with these. Sound: 5/5 This is arguably the most important aspect of any headset, and its an area in which this headset blows away.  This headset is so crisp with its sounds, its almost unnerving.  I play competitive first-person shooter games, and its of extreme importance to distinguish sounds clearly, and directionally. I am able to pinpoint exactly where each individual sound is coming from while wearing this headset.  Not only can I hear where they are locationally, but I can even tell what surface my opponents are walking on due to the clarity of sound. *This headset provides stunning bass, thats deep and full, without sounding muddy.  I figured Id mention that as well because thats nearly impossible to find in headsets. Durability: 5/5 I believe this headset is made from aluminum.  It is certainly metal, and extremely durable, despite how lightweight it is.  My children knock my headsets off my desk it seems 3 times a day.  This headset is still rock-solid, despite the abuse my children throw at it.  I also highly appreciate the braided cable, I have mistakenly rolled over the cable with my chair before realizing it had been knocked off my desk again; luckily, it still remains in excellent shape. Quality: 5/5 Everything about this headset is top-notch.  From the packaging to the little things like the tightness of the microphone (its removable).  I like how I can plug it into my Xbox controller and play, plug it into my phone and have a conversation, or listen to music.  Then I can turn around, swap out the cables (takes 2 seconds), plug it into my computer, and Im good to go on the PC. Final thoughts: I am extremely pleased with this product, Kingston truly knocked it out of the park with this one.  I have bragged about this thing to all of my friends, whom now are dying to purchase one for themselves.  I must say that this headset is a must-have for anyone that values quality.  This headset will surpass all expectations from the casual gamer all the way up to the professional.  Enough good things cannot be said about this product. IF THIS PRODUCT BECOME BROKEN OR LOST, WOULD I GO OUT AND PURCHASE A NEW ONE TODAY? Absolutely!
I have received my product today and It works as it should be. Music tones are very good and It is very comfortable. It is very good not only for games but also listening to music. Dont forget to push headset jack cable until the its end to fit well. Congratulations for this nice product Kingston.
Got this headset and wore it for quite some time! I absolutely love it. I hope my video review is helpful to you!~ :) EDIT: I noticed a lot of people forget... please make sure youre PLUGGING the cable ALL THE WAY IN! ^_^
After having 3 turtle beach head sets break in a year, I looked at these. They use metal in the spots that break on the others. I am happy with these headsets and they feel like they’ll last.
These were a gift and they loved them! Very nice quality and sound.
This is my second pair of these headsets. he first one I gave to my son. Excellent quality.
Absolutely incredible build quality, sound, mic quality and sound from other side, ability to plug and play in pretty much any gaming system... These are totally kickass. Tried higher end turtle beach, as well as 4 other headsets in the 80-200$ price range and all I can say is all of my time was not totally waisted because I ended up with possibly the best head set on the market; especially for under 180$! These things are solid steel and aluminum giving them a nearly indestructable feel, while maintaining the upmost comfort for any head size. These are more comftorable AND more solidly built than my Bose quiet comforts, and sony 1000xs. So if you’re looking for a headset that works with any console/PC, will last forever, and sound so good they can double as high end headphones- look no further. These are the best out there, and you wont even have to break your wallet. No joke the highest end turtle beach feel like a toy next to these.
Great headset.
Very good bang-for-buck headset.
Bought these cuz the revolver I got feels too big and loose, and i gotta say, these sound way better than the revolvers! They are also more comfortable and have a better fit, and the bass is amazing. I play alot of rainbow six siege and these are amazing for directional audio and hearing everything around you
So far it doesnt feel as flimsy as past headsets so I am hoping it last longer than previous ones I have owned.
In the box you get the headset, carrying bag, detachable microphone, headset cable with inline volume and mute controls, and an extension cable with separate headphone and microphone plugs. I find these to be in line with other top wired gaming headsets in the price range. I have a few other HyperX headsets including the HyperX Cloud and the HyperX CloudX Pro. I also have the Logitech G433 and Logitech G233 headsets. There are subtle sound and fit differences but they are all pretty close to me. Out of all of them I like fit and feel of the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro the best. These also have a removable audio cable and microphone which I really like, if something happens you should be able to get the part without replacing the entire headset. Overall the competition that I have tried is all pretty close and these just get the edge for me because of the feel and comfort.
As someone with ALOT of experience with different headphones, I can confidently say these are probably the best closed headset you can buy for under $100 USD. I modified my pair with some Brainwavz hybrid angled ear pads which steps up the comfort to another level. As for sound, I own other cans that cost hundreds such as Beyerdynamic, Sennheiser & Audio Technicas, honestly these Hyper X models compete well even with the big boys. You are getting really astonishingly high audio & build quality for your money here. They sound good even without an amp, although they do benefit from having one as do all headphones. Havent used the mic much so cant personally comment on that feature. Here in Australia they are more expensive but I managed to get them on sale for $118. If youre on any kind of budget but still want top quality, these will not disappoint. Again, Brainwavz pads are HIGHLY recommended for the best comfort possible.
Ive used the Cloud II mostly, but those have turned into my work headset. I decided to get these, honestly, I do not notice any real difference. But of course they are HyperX Cloud series and I wouldnt look anywhere else.
Great headset, a worthy successor to the Cloud II, some times you can hear outside noise though.
Absolutely love them. I got rid of my Astro A40s for these and dont regret this at all.
Really amazing headset!  Would not recommend for PS4 because it does not have enough power to fully drive this headset. Thats why you have complaints for it being too quiet.
Can you hear me now? Good.
Summary: I love these, never in my life have I ever been excited to put on headphones and these make me feel that way. The comfort is wonderful and the clamping force is just enough to keep its grip, the headband is not digging into your skull any time soon either. Pros: -Sound quality is good if you plan to "plug-and-play", but can be changed to your preference on Windows (through playback devices and editing the properties EQ settings) -Ear cushions are REALLY soft and have this "fabric-leather" feel that doesnt build sweat fast, it takes a while and you dont even feel it then -Mic is solid and doesnt have the bass that a stand-alone mic would have, but gets the job done VERY well and is more than ample to use in game -Build quality is on point, metal doesnt run through the headband but it still has plenty of strength to survive nearly anything Cons: -Mic mute switch is a little cumbersome to find and switch on and off, would rather have a button -Had some issues with headphones "peaking" with volume, turns out thats a simple fix by taking the headphone and mic split-er from the box and splitting the 3.5 mm jack into the dedicated headphone and mic ports on your computer
A little tight on the ears but solid sound quality. Also if youre coming from the previous cloud lineup expect a bit of a volume level decrease with this one. All in all a solid product but could be better.
Watch YouTube videos about it. Theyre accurate. They sound great for music and gaming and look bomb af. Great quality and comfort. And btw u get a nice drawstring bag and the box it comes in is cool so I kept it.
Great headset! For PS4 users I recommend also buying the Hyperx USB soundcard. Its the same as the one that comes with Cloud 2 headsets (another great headset, though Alpha sounds a bit better imo), and even if you dont use the 7.1 virtual surround function (I dont) it will make this headset sound better than plugging into the controller. The soundcard gives it more volume also. Comfortable on my giant skull, though as with most closed headsets you should expect some heat buildup on your ears during long gaming sessions. I own the Revolver S, Cloud 2, and now the Alpha, and for sound quality Id rank them : Alpha > Cloud 2 > Revolver S The Alpha and Cloud 2 sound very similar, but I do feel the Alpha wins.
One of the Best if not the best gaming headset only problem is that the earpads are really uncomfortable(2 hours and you can feel pain because of the drivers touching your ears)  and smell awful right out of the box. best way to fix this is to buy brainwavz earpads which fixes all of this headsets problems
Theyre called Alphas for a reason.
Comfy and Clear sound
Great quality.
Excellent PS4 PRO gaming headphones! Sound quality is great and theyre very comfortable as well! Highly Recommended!!! ^__^
These are comfortable, have a lot of flexability, and have a decent mic. These are 3-pole, so you can record your voice with the appropriate software. I reccomend these.
I really surprised... for being a gaming company and also touting extreme comfort, this headset is extremely uncomfortable. The foam earpads are not thick enough so your ears will rest against the inner portion / drivers. I dont have big ears or a big head. I heard this complaint from several others, but many people also said they did not have issue with it, so I bought it anyway. However, I am having the same problem unfortunately. I really love the headset besides the discomfort. I never had an issue with my previous different brand headset. Wearing this longer than an hour I start to notice, several hours it starts becoming painful. HyperX sent me "revised" earpads, and I honestly cannot tell any difference, same thickness, perhaps less squishy foam? Regardless, did not solve the problem. Really seems to be a simple solution, make the foam earpads thicker so ears dont touch the inner portion. Many recommend buying 3rd party earpads, but I am not going to drop an extra 20 bucks on something that should work from the start.. Looks like I will be sending them back  = ( Edit: HyperX said that they put me on a wait list for upgraded ear pad 4-6 weeks. Hopefully this solves the problem... will update if i can remember.
Without a doubt THE best gaming headset you can buy for under $100. Ive been using the HyperX cloud 2 headset for over a year and loved them. I kept reading and watching positive reviews about the Alphas so I bought a pair. I wasnt expecting much of a difference in sound quality over the Cloud 2s but I was wrong. The sound is way better. First of all they are much louder. I have to crank the volume down a couple of notches on my Xbox one X because it gets so loud.I put in TitanFall 2 and you can feel the bass rumble in the earpieces with every bass heavy explosion. Rise of the Tomb Raider using Dolby Atmos with this headset is mindblowing.The sound is so crystal clear with no distortion whatsoever even with the volume maxed. If your budget for a gaming headset is $100 look no further. You wont be dissapointed.
Great sound quality and very comfortable.
What you would expect from Kingstons Hyper X series. Nearly flawless
I bought this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it. <3 Great quality, comfort, and sturdy build.
excellent quality 10/10 would recommend
switching from Razer Tiamat 7.1....Great sound, great feel to them, quality construction. for the price, you get a pretty decent mic. Super happy with my purchase. I switch them between my PC and Xbox
I have every Kingston Cloud headset.  All of them.  The Revolver sounds better but..  The headband on the Revolver clangs like a Bell if you accidentally tough it trying to scratch your head or something (very annoying).  This headset does not do that.  Also the Alpha headset has a very cool mike mute switch and volume switch built into the cord (very useful).  But wait theres more, the cord is also removable/replaceable in case your cat uses it as a chew toy.  Comfortable, even for big heads.  Kingston needs to update the Revolvers with a better headband that doesnt make noise and use the same replaceable cord with the mike mute and volume control.  I have also bought the Sennheiser Zeros (complete garbage), Turtle Beach (junk) and the Astro A50 (garbage), Sony (decent, but the Kingstons are better), Microsoft (ok, but break pretty easy).  Thats my run down, you will be safe happy and have a few extra bucks in your wallet so buy the Kingston Alphas until they update the Revolvers.
A great replacement to my dying Hyper X Cloud II, its compatible with the Dongle from the cloud II so I got to keep the virtual surround sound which was nice. Its super light and i usually barley notice its on gaming away sometimes 8-10 hours on weekends. The construction is nice and has a solid frame the ONLY con if im nit picking is there is not as much clamp on my head as i would have liked to make it a little more noise cancelling but the finish on the sides is glorious and I would recommend this headset to anyone who enjoys the high amount of versatility this headset offers.
Love this headset it is my first headset I have ever purchased so I cant say whether its better than any other brands but for the price and quality I experienced I feel like this was a good investment, headset works fine since i bought it and have not had any problems.
sound quality and mic quality is great, but I do not like how the headset touches my outer part of my ears(a little painful).
Oh wow these are fantastic, coming from Logitech G230s these are on a whole different level. My gaming experience has improve tremendously as I can hear everything, footsteps, chatter, pin point weapon fire direction. Wonderful these things are, best $99.00 Ive ever spent!
Hyper x is the best headset out there for the price. I recommend this model because of the removable cord its a must have on any Mic you want to last more than a year plus the metal frame is perfect
So this is the second HyperX product Ive purchased after the HyperX Cloud. In fact, I actually was going torn between these and the Turtle Beach Stealth 450s and I got them both just to do a comparison. Holy hell was I silly to think I should stop being a HyperX customer. These are head and shoulders above the Stealth 450s and any other Turtle Beach headset I have ever used for that matter. Outmatches them on comfort, sound quality, and durability( I still have my Clouds after years of use and they still work just fine). Do not believe the hype about Turtle Beach gimmicks like "SuperHuman Hearing."
Love these headphones for everyday PS4 use.  It is well-built, so It will not be breaking any time soon like your standard plastic turtle beach set will at some point.  Sounds a good deal better compared to the core hyperx cloud and the hyperx revolver (especially the bass), and it is extremely comfortable (the most comfy gaming headset I ever used actually) paired with the brainwavz HM5 velor earpads. It also has detachable cords now, so worrying if the headset will ever have a short in the cord is no longer an issue. A minor issue that I have with the alphas is that the mic will not work when hooked up to a generation 2 astro mixamp (the 2014 model).  At first, I was worried that I had a faulty pair of alphas, but the original clouds, the cloud core, cloud 2, and the revolvers work just fine with this astro mixamp (and the alphas mic works just fine when plugged up directly into the dualshock 4, xbox one s controller, and a old fiio E6 portable amp+a SYBA external USB Stereo Sound Adapter) so I am assuming that since the alpha is the newest model, it has a compatibility issue with the older astro mixamps.  Apparently the mic issue is not a problem for the astro mixamp pro TR on up. Minor old astro mixamp issue aside, I would definitely recommend this headset.
Best headset Ive ever used.
These are the best cans Ive ever owned for gaming, having tried Razer Krakens, Turtle Beach, Logitech and Steelseries. The sound quality is off-the-charts good, and the addition of the removable line-in and mic is a godsend compared to the HyperX Cloud 2 variation (my previous favorite). The leatherette cups are also clutch for noise cancellation and keeping those potato PUBG scoundrels from sneaking up on you. Compared to other headsets with fabric cups, the difference really is night and day. The fit is excellent for me with plenty of room, not too tight and doesnt get uncomfortable or hot after a long gaming session. Cant recommend these enough.
They sound great and work well.
Great headset, after over a hundred hours of use the only thing Id have to say is the room in the ear-cup is kinda shallow.
Best headphones Ive ever used. Sound separation is great. Mic is clear . Comfort for all day. Extra long cable+
I bought these because I were glasses. I connect it directly to my controller. They do not get hot with or without the glasses. It comes with an inline volume controller. Great for watching YouTube videos. If I broke these I would buy another set theyre that good.
The microphone is so noisy, maybe just me?
I seriously Love this headset. Perfect for livestreaming, voice overs, etc. the mic is phenomenal, super comfortable like clouds on your ears, headset wont squeeze your glasses. You will be able to hear footsteps clearly. You can use this headset with everything, xbox, playstation, nintendo, pc, etc. The only thing i wish this headset had was more color options.
Great headset. Second pair of Hyper’s and would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone.
So far, the best gaming headset Ive owned. I had Turtle Beach head sets before and the plastic all crumbled on their own. This one has an amazing build, and a quality feel to the materials used. Sits comfortably on the head, without gaining stress/discomfort with long periods of use. The removable wire and mic is great which means replaceable if accidentally broken. The wire itself is sturdy wrapped in black nylon. The removable mic means you can use it as headphones outside of gaming. The sounds are amazing, and noise cancelling is scary good as I couldnt hear anything outside of the game/movie (get ready to be screamed at by your loved ones for not hearing them). Love it!!!
After testing the $50 HyperX Stinger and returning it (see: https://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R3TRB7D62D8F0A ) I gave the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro a try. Pros: Superb, deep, clear sound. Bass is perfect, not over the top, mid tones are solid, and highs are crystal clear. While gaming, I can tell exactly where my enemies are. While video conferencing, the noise-canceling mic delivers clear, rich sound, with no distortion and zero noise. The HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro is comfortable, does not clamp, and lightweight. Also, it sits more stable on my head than the HyperX Stinger. Cons: It might get warm faster than the HyperX Stinger. To get the most out of this set, a sound card is recommended, but not required.
LOVE THESE! As a streamer they are SO great! I do long streams on twitch twitch.tv/starskiwars and they are heckN comfy, the red part is like this awesome metal and for the price you cant go wrong. The sound quality is awesome and my voice quality is more awesome, 12/10
Here’s the thing. I don’t want to knock these headphones, just because I think they do a good job. However, the best gaming headphones aren’t gaming headphones. Anything that says gaming on it, means you’ll be paying 30-$100 more than you should, and with tacky graphics. I personally have the Phillips x2hr. With a moda. Works great. Works great for gaming, and can use them out in public.
Headset was really nice and felt good on my head.
This gaming headset has incredible sound and is a great value for a fairly reasonable price. There are plenty of other headsets out there that are way more expensive but dont sound much better than these. This headset is also very comfortable with cushy ear pieces that dont hurt even after hours of gaming. Theres a good balance between the amount of bass and treble. I have had headsets in the past that have either way too much bass or treble and they almost blow your ears out. This also allows me to use the headset for watching movies and listening to music, which is nice. I cant really find any downsides to this headset. Overall they seem well built and will hopefully last for several years to come.
Overall a great product! Comfortable, affordable, and adjustable, the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro is an amazing pair of headphones for any gamer be it on pc or console. The mic is very easy to use and the quality of communicating in game is great. The mic is also easily adjustable for any sudden mishaps. volume is easily adjustable via the small control buttons on the wire. The only issue I have had is the tightness of the ears, it is very minor but can at times require adjustment. Overall a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable headset that is both very slick and performs well.
Purchased this headset after years of using a separate set of headphones and a desk microphone, and I am pleasantly surprised by its quality. It sounds great, is amazingly comfortable (although my ears are having to adjust a bit to a closed headphone with leather pads again), and are built very well. In addition theyre shockingly universal in that they terminate in a single 4-pole jack for use with you phone, tablet, or game console, then have an included extension cable thats into two 3-pole jacks for use with a PC. Now, I did take one star off and it isnt even necessarily fault if the product itself, but more the uncertainty of outcome. What I mean is, with my computer the microphone had a noticeable background noise caused by my PC not being properly grounded. I fixed this by picking up a nine dollar USB sound card from Syba with no issues, but not all microphone ports are created equal, so keep in mind your mileage may vary. At the end of the day I highly recommend this headset to anybody looking for a closed-back set that you can comfortably wear all day, will sound great, and will work with just about anything. Great purchase.
Picked these up locally. Always struggle to find comfortable headphones/headsets given my big head, big ears, and sensory issues. I am really enjoying these! I tried on every pair I could find before choosing the Alphas. Using them primarily with the XBOX One. Logitechs, Razers, and the Steel Series Artis just didn’t fit right. The Plantronics Rig series is wonderfully lightweight, comfortable, and feel of much better quality than they may look, but I really preferred the audio on these Alphas. (I actually bought two pair of the Rig 400’s which my girls love.) Really liked the Corsair Void Pro Surrounds, which were my other finalist pair. In the end, the sound and mic, as well as the little extras made the Alphas stand out (and made them worth the extra $20). The extras in this case include detachable mic and braided cables (including a shorter cable for console and a good extension for PC) and a nice soft bag. But the most important bits are the sound, mic, and the comfort. Something else to consider is that these should get more comfortable with use. Don’t judge any headset too quickly when it comes to certain comfort issues. I tried on a demo Alpha at a local store and it was even more comfortable than my new ones. Can’t wait to break these in! And about that comfort—slightly larger frame and cups than previous cloud models (which were *almost* perfect for me) are noticeably better for me. :)
awesome
Excellent sound quality, but had to buy thicker ear pads for them for stay off of the ear. The original ones are too shallow and the drivers pushed against my ear.
This is a REALLY nice pair of headphones. Im not an audiophile, but to me, the sound quality is much better than my old headphones. The mic is crisp and clear based off of voice recording apps I tried with this, in addition to using it for voice chat in several games. The only real thing I dont necessarily like is the length of the cable, its REALLY long, and tends to droop to the ground from my desktop. Its not a really bad thing and no reason to dock a star or speak negatively about it. Its just a really nice headset.
Amazing Overall Headset, Very professional, Very comfortable I LOVE IT!!!
THESE HEADPHONES ARE GREAT, WORTH EVERY PENNY!!
This is the best sounding game headset, deep bass and great high tones.  The microphone picks up my voice even when speaking softly.  My teammates are easily heard over the game sounds.  When you combine the headset with the xbox one controller adaptor, controlling the game and voice sounds is very easy and versatile.  Even though the ear pads are very soft and comfortable, they do get hot when using the leatherette pads on marathon days.  I would highly recommend this headset for casual and serious gamers.
Decent bass levels but not too overpowering. Microphone is crystal clear. Super comfortable. Works perfect with my PC, Xbox One (For game noise and chat.) and my phone.
very lightweight and comfortable, even when wearing my glasses. Sound quality is good, positional audio is good. I use this for PUBG and CoD: WWII with great results. Also, study and well built, and looks great. Knocked off one star because the microphone requires a ton of force to get seated correctly, but it works.
I was looking to upgrade my headphones to a set that had a removable microphone for occasional gaming, but would still be a nice set of headphones for regular use. I had considered the HyperX Clouds, but it was worth the bit extra to have a removable cable, the one part I worried about breaking. Overall the sound is great, and these guys are super comfortable! I thought the sound was messed-up at first, but the cable wasnt seated right in the headphone socket, a note for people who have weird sound issues. My only complaint is that theyre a little warm (temperature, not sound) compared to other headphones I have (Sony MDRs), and the exterior is a little flashy for casual use, but overall these guys are great.
Very good product. Definitely a noticeable upgrade from the Cloud X2, even better with the Revolver S USB Dolby Dongle.
The headset cord that has the dial on it snapped I cant find the right products to buy from accessories to help
Very comfortable and a lot more durable HyperX Cloud Revolver. Sound quality is, as always, exceeding great. 7.1 Works great and also 5.1. Very great for FPS and MMOs alike.
Epic mike even for the price very nice butt i got a defective mic piece but we sent it back and got another one overall very nice it feels and looks amazing the sound is great my old hyper x broke and I got this one the sound on that was good but this is on a new level!
Great headset with great comfort and audio.
Such an upgrade from my cloud I’s! My first gaming headset was the white edition of the cloud I’s and I’ve been hoping hyperX would release another. I was so happy to find these, and bought them the second they dropped in price. They are super comfortable, the leather is incredibly soft and I haven’t noticed any wear after weeks of use. The quality of the sound is still 10/10 for me, I mostly can’t get over how nice this headset feels every time you pick it up
The perfect choice for all-around enjoyment!
after about two years i started to notice ware on the leather as it started to fall off, and quickly after that a lot more had fallen off as well but other than that there is nothing wrong with them
its aight
The headset itself is the best wired headset I have ever used for the price and the quality you get for this headset is amazing!
The sound is pretty comparable to other gaming headsets for the price, but where these really stand out is how they feel to wear. I can easily have these on for multiple hours no problem.
Great sound quality and extremely comfortable!
I like direct feedback so I dont talk too loud at night, this headset doesnt have that feature. Other than that it is the most comfortable headset I have worn, and it has great sound quality.
I didnt think these headphones would be so great.  They are comfortable.  They sound great.  My voice is clear and clean on the mic (which is easily installed and removed).  The cord is even great.  The noise cancellation could be better.  But for the price ... I couldnt ask for more.
They are comfortable, but the sound quality is a little soft.  Checked all my settings and it’s still a little low on volume. It is also a little pricey for the quality. To me it feels like they should only be worth about $100
Great for gaming and very comfortable to wear.
My son loves them!
Was a Christmas gift. Nephew loves them. My sister not so much. Says my nephew is able to tune everything else out.
Overall i like the Game one more, but for $100 or less, you can go wrong with the alpha pro. they can be powered by anything. you can always here voice chat in games with them. and they have good low end bass. they can get a little too loud and the highs can pierce. but overall really good power and bass / lows . the leather padding is soft and comfortable. I have small ears, but they stick out a bit, so my ears do touch the inside cups, but doesnt bother me. The mic has a good flexibility to it, easy to move, but wont easily flop down on its own. They are not open, so they block sound, but also means you can hear yourself. Perfect if you play in a noisy area and/or dont want your sound to bleed out for others to hear. The GSP 500s ear cups are the most comfortable. i love the neoprene style material and the deep pockets. the Game One and HyperX have similar fit style the way the cups rotate and sit on your head. but with the Game Ones being wider and a bit deeper. Mic - not bad by any means, but had more of a background hiss when testing calls through skype vs the sennheiser headsets. Still great quality. Xbox One - CoD IW - gunshots loud. Chat is clear. Have to turn mic monitoring all the way up since they are closed headphones. Sound effect clear and present. the GSP and game one were more open but not as loud. Nintendo Switch - Mario Odyssey - overall 2nd best. Loud, and most sound effects sound good. Its not a bassy game. Zelda - 2nd best again. Sound good and loud. game one sound better on both since they have a better soundstage. PC - Music (youtube) - loudest again, maybe too loud since highs are so pronounced. Mids ok, bass ok. Vocals are up front because of strong higher mids to highs.  the GSP need an amp, and the Game One sounded the best, they sound extremely similar to my HD6XX. Video (Movie) - 4k batman returns - pretty good, crashes were a little high pitched for me. Some pacific rim scenes way too loud and high pitched. the GSP had good background bass, that movie rumble bass, but still needed more volume. Pubg - LOUD! But also leans towards the highs, so it can be too much. That means the vocals (chat) is up front which is good. But gunshots lose some of their power. But the real low end is ok when it comes up, like in explosions in far cry 5. GSP 500 sounds seemed to blend together / overlap. maybe it needs more power to get better separation? the Game one were my favorite for PC gaming. PS4 - Far Cry 5 - loudest, cant hear yourself talk unless you turn up mic monitoring up. GSP 500 had great clarity, but needed more power. the Game ones power/volume was in the middle of the other 2, the clarity was also in between the GSP and HyperX. Thor trailer - sound balanced (vocal to sound effect), the GSP and Game one had low vocals, but maybe because it was a compressed trailer.12 soldiers trailer - again loudest and balanced. game one and GSP 500 had better clarity, but GSP 500 to low.
After much research I upgraded from an old Turtle Beach set to this and I havent been disappointed. The build quality is amazing, with the red frame part being metal and very nice leather and stitching all around. The sound quality is great and the dual chamber drivers really help me to pinpoint where gunshots and footsteps are coming from. My friends will be guessing the direction with their headsets, and Im able to accurately tell them where the sounds are coming from using my surround sound. The bass is pretty good in these and Ive used them for music and netflix as well. I have a very small head and was worried this would feel, or look too big. The fit is great, and even with my small head Im a click on either side away from the smallest setting. They look a smidge big on my noggin (see pics), but are pretty good considering how huge other headsets look and feel. The cups fit comfortably around my ears and the leather padding is very comfortable. I dont notice while playing, but sometimes when I put the headphones on my ear is touching the inside foam a bit. When I game, I game hard, so these things are on for hours at a time. I noticed that after a few hours the top of my head will start hurting. The band is great quality leather and very padded, but the weight of the headset must wear on my head after a bit. I found that wearing a beanie or putting your hood up underneath the headset solves this and you can still hear everything fine. I want to say that I like the mic portion, but this is why I subtracted one star. I havent had issues with the actual mic attachment breaking like some others have. I take it off everytime Im done using the headset (everyday) because it fits better on my stand without it. Im always sure I pull the mic off from the base and not the flexible wire part, and so far so good. I can be a bit soft spoken at times, but I dont think the mic is quite as good as it should be. Its definitely a step up from my old headset, but I found that if my controller disconnects and I reconnect it, my mic volume will be extremely low for a short time. I think it fixes itself after a minute or two, as my party members stop complaining that they can hardly hear me. I make sure the boom is right near my mouth and have my Xbox mic setting turned pretty loud and Im still hard to hear sometimes. But apart from that I think its a great mic when its working properly, although I havent listened to myself. The inline volume is very convenient and theres also a mute switch, but I have the dongle on the bottom of my controller and generally use that to mute. Overall Im very happy with my purchase and can deal with a minute here and there of my mic being crappy since it seems to fix itself.
My expectations for this headset was in between. I wasnt hoping for this to exceed my expectations, but surprisingly it did! The ear pads are nice and soft and really cushion your ears. While it is an over the ear headset, compared to the Logitech G433 headset, my ears kinda rub against the ear pads. I thought this was weird because my G433 headset wasnt like this. My ear was completely covered by the ear pad on the G433 headset. However, I got used to it pretty quickly on this headset. I did have to fidget the headset so my ears were in a comfortable spot, but once you find it, it wont be that big of a problem. In terms if sound quality, its great. Playing Fortnite with this headset sounds great and sounds better than the G433. The mic quality sounds great. One of the reasons why I bought this headset was because of the microphone on my G433. Basically, if I turn up the volume on the G433, the mic picks up the sound from the headset and it was starting to bother me. So I had to turn the volume down halfway so I can barely hear the action. That was stupid. But with this headset, this wasnt a issue. I was able to turn it up to an acceptable and loud volume without the mic picking up the sound from the headset. The last thing I really like about the headset is that I can buy other cables online to work with the headset. I bought a pack of 4 pole cables online from Amazon and they work with the headset. Even the microphone works! Now there isnt a volume dial on these generic cables but I can easily change the volume on the game console/PC. The headset does lack some other things. For example, the speakers dont swivel like others do. But this isnt a feature that I take advantage of but it is something that should be worth noting. Overall if youre still wondering if this headset is worth $100, Im here to say that it does! Im surprised how well these are made and how great the quality is. I hope I influence your decision for this headset. This headset deserves more praise than it already has!
My son loved them.
These look so cool! The purple on them is super pretty and they sound amazing! They work great. Bought them for my husband, hes recently decided to change his desk/computer setup to an all white scheme. Of course he needed to add these.
So far so good.my son went through 2 sets of gold ps headphones. The quality on these are so much better no plastic hinges.
Bought these for my boyfriend for all his consoles and he loves them!
Im a hardcore gamer and ive been looking for a fuller and more emersive pair of headsets and this one has so far fulfilled my needs. The sound was weird at first for me because i have alwaysed used closed back and this was my first pair of "open" head phones. Overall i am very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend 10/10
My son is an avid gamer and has had many headsets.  He loves this one.  He says it is super comfortable and the sound is better than most, particularly in the shooting games where he can hear the shots more easily.  Microphone works great.  His only complaint--and he says this is true of the other HyperX headphones he has had as well--is that the cord tangles super easily.  He says if you can live with a cord that will be constantly tangled, this is a great headset. He, personally, thinks the overall quality of the headset itself outweighs that shortfall, but I am removing a star because of it.
The cloud alphas are a great pair of headsets, theyre probably the most comfortable headsets on the market right now. However, they dont seem to be a great upgrade from the cloud 2s hence I wouldnt recommend buying them over the cheaper cloud 2s.
Elite sounds. Crisp high and separates Bass that drowns but doesn’t not sound muddy and the mids are more visible but not overly loud. The sounds are so good and I had Astro’s a50 wireless
Really comfortable and let’s me hear the enemy team clearly,I mainly use it for Rainbow Six Siege. Also good mic quality.
I wear glasses so it can be a bit tight around the temples after an hour or so of use. Overall very good, the noise cancellation on the mic is very rudimentary though so don’t expect it to silence your background noise
Perfect to work with. The mic sound is super clear and the cushioning around the ear is very comfortable.
Enjoying it so far! The sound is perfect, and it helps me while playing rainbow six siege. Due to the fact that I game on xbox, I went with these(due to no surround sound support) These are comfortable like promised, and the mic is clear. Make sure the plug is all the way into the controller, or else the mic wont work!
Bought this for my gamer boyfriend for christmas. Super happy with the purchase. The mic works great and so does the noise cancellation. Only problem is now he doesnt hear me when Im asking him questions 
Had this for a few months now and has changed the way I game. Most comfortable headsets Ive ever owned. Way better than turtle Beach headset I had years ago. No more sweaty ears.
Son loves these.
Good materials
I bought these (Feb 12, 2019) to use with my PS4. A lot of people complained about the volume level being too low when using them for the PS4, but I have no issue. I do use them at max volume, so I can see why maybe theyre too quiet for some people, but it gets plenty loud at the max setting. I have no complaints about the audio level. Im not the best person to comment about sound quality, but I think that the sound quality is great. I used the earpiece that came with the PS4, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. I have one terrible earpiece as a comparison. Theyre very comfortable and worked right out of the box. Im not a big fan of the design, but they arent terrible looking, either.
These Hyperx Cloud Alphas are some of the best gaming headphones i have used. So long Turtle Beach!  They are well built,extremely comfortable and sound terrific. My only complaint is the mic monitoring isnt great. The mic buffer doesnt buffer breathing very well. other than that Zero complaints. Great Headset! A no Brainer at $89!!!!!!!!
Excellent headset. Beats all others in the same price range.
Great sound and comfort
Son muy cómodos, y tienen un sonido excelente! Me encantaron!
Great sound for the price. They even feel great, awesome quality. They seem they’ll last for a long time.
Yes
They work so well and I know he cant hear me so sometimes he will put them in and mute the tv just so I wont disturb him.
The mic quality is not very good, but the headset is very nice for gaming and listening to music. It is more base heavy than a good pair of cans... but you cannot beat the bang for your buck with this headset. Amazing.
I bought this headset from GameStop yesterday and I have to say that it is the best headset I’ve ever owned! The memory foam earcups, the style, and the detachable audio cable all are amazing features. However, there are only two minor issues I have with the product: when you open the box, you get the headset and microphone and under that is the six cable and splitter. When you plug the aux cable in, you have to make sure that it is all the way in, pictures below. Otherwise, the microphone won’t work. The other thing is that it isn’t as loud on ps4 as I wish it was, but again it is a minor issue that I don’t really notice. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone thinking about purchasing!
I really like these headphones so far. Theyre comfortable and the sound is great. Theyre honestly the best Ive ever owned. Heres my list of pros and cons: Pros: - Very comfortable, especially due to the memory foam ear pads - Great sound, including the bass - Compatible with both PC and consoles - The mic is good quality - Comes with a small cloth bag to store cords in when they arent in use - Cords are protected with a sort of cloth which makes them harder to damage - Headphones cancel out sound amazingly well Cons: - Not good for people with larger heads (luckily I do not have a large head) - The cord is annoyingly long when it comes to using the cord to connect it to PC
My first set of gaming cans.  My friend pushed me to get the Revolver II but I liked the style of the Alpha better, plus it was newer.  It completely solved our issue of audio bleed from the stock MS headset that was causing echo in our party chats.  I like these phones but two things I dont like about them is the fit on my ears.  The cans are large and fit nicely over my ears, but my ears touch the inside of the cups, and I dont have Dumbo or Obama ears.  I own Bose QC25s, QC35s, InCase Sonics, and my personal favorite, my Audio Technica ATH-m50xs, and none of those I have this issue with so I know its not that my ears stick out.  It doesnt bother me, its not uncomfortable either as I can play for 6 hours with no ear aches or strain, but I dont like it, the cans need to be deeper.  My other issue is the mic, I wish the boom would flip up out of the way, its a nice boom, very bendy, not floppy, but the Stinger flips up and I like that feature.  Also the mute slider is small and it sucks to use.  I would buy again. On HyperXs website these Alphas are now offered in an Limited Edition Gold and black.  Id rather have that than red/black but  its not on Amazon yet.
I have had these Cloud Alpha headsets now for about 3 weeks and have nothing but great things to say.... well maybe one minor gripe; the ear cups.  However, a quick upgrade to the Brainwavz (red velour) ear cups have made a 200% difference in comfort!  You barely even feel the headsets and they are still tight enough to feel solid on your head. I have been using Astro A40s since 2013 and have often used some of my audiophile headphones when I wish to not use a microphone.  Thus, Ive never been truly happy with the A40 sound.  They are muffled and lack fidelity and presence. I tried these new Cloud Alphas and wow.  Immmediately impressed with them all around. Great construction, feel, and sound.  The mic sounds amazing... they absolutely kill the A40s mic; makes them sound like cheap $3 microphones.  The A40s sound anemic compared to these headsets. I will never go back to Astro, accept for using their TR Mix Amp Pro; which when combined with these headphones I believe make the perfect mid-range <$250 headset combo.  I have a background in audio recording so my ears now good sound.  Get these headsets; you wont be disappointed.  Spend the extra $20 and upgrade the earcups and youll be hooked on the sound.
Love the headset.  Very comfortable and works very well!
This headset feels like $200 headset  in my opinion all it’s missing is an amplifier best headset of 2018  if you Play anything thats competitive I recommend this headset I have the Astros a 40 TR the astroid 40 TR headset sucks compared to this if you use Astro mix amp with this Headset your side
Great headphones... sound quality is decent and microphone is very good.
So to start off, I had a wide range of gaming headsets from low to now this one, high. I first had the Logitech G230 ($37.99 - ), this was a completly trash headset. Then to the Corsair VOID ($49.99 - ), which were decent but cables got annoying and my microphone snapped off after like 2 years. Finally, I went with HyperX Alpha Pro ($99.99) with the external Hyper X sound card ($29.99 - , I dont use 7.1 option, without it the comparison between having the sound card and not having the card = better audio/microphone clarity). Pros: - Detachable microphone - Lightweight - Discord certified. I have to say, A+ on that. - Volume and mute can be easily switched/controlled from the cable of the headset. - Ear cups are comfortable Cons: - Its top heavy for long hours of use and sometimes might make your ears hurt.
Great quality headset with a functional and adjustable microphone.
I came from buying headsets by Turtle Beach and was looking into a new more better quality (Sould and build) and I couldn’t get any satisfaction than HyperX Cloud Alpha. The Dual Chambers make every sound crystal clear and incredible clarity the aluminum steel makes it sturdy flexible and well built and I used it on my IPhone and it’s also works well with Music and Movies that I watch on PS4 and PS3 looking for a better headset than Turtle Beach look no further also the nylon Wires that come with it are strong so you can have your siblings use it and don’t wore out! These are the best Headphones I ever own keep up the great work Kingston!   
the best headset ever!
I love these headphones! He sound quality is exceptional and they are very comfortable while staying durable.
I recently received this headset for Christmas. Being an audiophile, I was sceptical about the sound quality of a gaming headset, but honestly I was shocked. I’ve listened to headphones that were 3-4 times this price and these sound extremely similar. The bass is pretty good, but should definitely be toyed with using an equalizer or amp, so if you have Spotify Premium, this should be a breeze. As far as build quality it’s incredible. You should still be careful with it, but that shouldn’t be a large concern. One of the things that surprised me the most was the warranty. I believe I read it correct, and it states a 2 year warranty. Compared to my last $50 headset that lasted me a year, this is amazing news. As far as comfort, these are of very high quality. If you do not prefer the memory foam ear pads, I recommend you take a look at Brainwaves earpads. One other thing I suggest is that you buy a decent carry case. These can be bought for around $20 and will save your headset highly recommend. Also, the cables are very nice, no complaint about them. I truly don’t understand how a company like Astro Gaming is able to get away with selling their headsets for $300. I’m not saying they’re bad quality, I’m just saying this is an extremely comparable option. All in all incredible headset and I hope this helps you in making your descision.
No problem
They sound amazing and they block out noise so well.  The bass is deep.  Sounds are crisp.  Get the usb sound card with them if you are buying for the PS4 or the sound will not be loud enough for you.  Overall top notch and very impressed.
I like how it is more comfortable than the cloud 2s
It says that the headphones are good on mobile but it glitches the audio on phones.ok
Will open it for Xmas
Bought the Cloud 9 edition for my boyfriend for Christmas and so far he loves it! (Ps, the moogle isnt my boyfriend)
Excelente
I use these for gaming on my PS4. They are not stereo on it, maybe because the controller is Mono, not sure. Just make sure if you are gaming that you have a good internet connection it the conversations start becoming garbled through them.
Greatest headset I have ever had
yea its that good
well built, compfy, no real dwonsides, just wish it came with the sourround sound dogle like the cloud IIs had.
I can be pretty picky about my gaming peripherals, so I have a hard time when it comes to choosing something new along those lines.  My old headset broke after years of use, so I had to find a new one.  I stumbled upon this after during quite a bit of looking online and decided to read the Amazon reviews.  They werent bad, but some left me cautious because some went along of lines of saying its sound wasnt all that great or the mic wasnt either.  I have found that both are excellent.  The sound and mic is quite good from my viewpoint.  The mic is detachable, the headset is amazing as far as comfort goes.  I can game for hours and barely notice its on my head.  One of the biggest pluses for me is that its analog.  USB have better sound quality, but Ive had major problems with USB headsets and never a single problem with an analog one.  The sound quality on this headset is great regardless.  I cant recommend this headset enough.
Love it
The sound its incredibly good for the price but the mic does have its down in quality. You have to keep it really close to your mouth.
Amazing
Some serious quality helps amazingly with Siege and Fortnite where sound is how to win
I love this headset.  It sounds great and the mic works well. I changed the ear cushions cuz my head got hot.  Work well with my PC and PS4.  Im very happy with my purchase.  Highly recommended.
Quality is just incredible, the mic is pretty good since it doesn’t make static sounds, this headset is amazing for the price, and it helps me a lot because I’m a R6 player. Clear, loud and good sound. You can’t ask for more.
Love the sound and headset does not hurt ears after using for a couple hours.
Sounds is vary good, I’m happy.  If it’s quite for you make sure you have them plugged in all the way and you adjust your volume on the Xbox one I’m setting. It should show you chat and game volume also with mic montering.
well made, comfortable, excellent sound quality
Awesome sound, very comfortable headphones! Use them for playing on both my Xbox and my PC no issues at all, very well built and i like the option of having the microphone connected or not during play. Sound levels on both the head phones and microphone seem great! would highly recommend!
very good
Perfect gaming and music headphones !
Went from hyperx cloud 2s to these and love them just as much.  Great no hassle headset
my son has been using these for about 6 months.  they have held up well and he really likes them.
Hands down one of the best gaming headphones out nuff said I highly recommend them
Awesome headset for the price!
Purchased these for playing blackout on cod, these greatly improved my awareness and ability to hear footsteps in multiple battle royal styles games. A great purchase overall
Love them, only thing bad I can say and this is small is they can get a bit hot on my ears after a few hours
Great headphones...worth every penny!
I like it
Best headset I’ve used. I had $400 a40s and they broke and then I got these and there sound even better
Good Value
great products although id want another mic but good stuff
number one!
My husband was impressed with the quality
Awesome sound and very comfortable!
Very good headset, happy with my purchase.
Best headset for value
This is my third headset (other two were Plantronics and Pro Gaming) and this one is by far the best.  Comfort is great, sound quality is amazing.  I like that the audio cord can be replaced (unplugs from the headset).  Mic is easy to position where you want it.  The mute and volume control on the audio cable work but could be a little bit better, that is the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars across the board..
I use these every day for at least 8 hrs. Make no mistake you will have to change the earpads. If you dont they will be excruciatingly painful. Get the Brainwavz dark red earpads, I think they cost like 20 dollars and you will have an awesome headset.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  She uses it primarily for online gaming.  The audio quality is great and the mic is excellent!  My daughter said to me that players in the games have commented to her on how great the quality of her voice sounds.  It has a nice long durable audio cable.  The construction quality is top-notch.
Got this for my step son and he has not broken it yet and he games alot nor has he complained so it must be doing well.
I like the quality of the sound and the durability of the materials.
Super comfortable and exceptional audio quality!! Worth every penny!!!
head set worked great
use for listen to Music , and play game online
Awesome
Its really unlucky that my in-line audio controls doesnt working because I cant use the mute button for some reason :(( . Im pretty sure this is a tech faulty and I hope I can get refund or get another in-line audio controls line. This is my 1st headset that I bought from HyperX too :c and its quite expensive for a student like me. I have only a few days left before Ieave the US so I hope HyperX will respond soon.
My kid loves them. A little price for me, but great quality.
I have owned the cloud, cloud 2 and now the cloud alpha. The alpha is by far my favorite in terms of quality and comfort, sound is similar to previous models.
Very satisfied
Perfect for gaming, covers ears perfectly, surprisingly has some outside sound reduction/cancellation just from earmuffs covering your ears.
Bought this over black Friday deals, I wanted these to replace my Astro a10s I had. First thing these headsets look great and feel great on the head in long sessions unlike the Astro a10s which become heavy on top of the head and just not enough protection over the head. These on the other hand are very comfy, soft and just down right sounds good. I know, I know, 60 dollars compared to 99.99 should be better but like I said got these on sale so Im comparing lol. Hyper X Alphas sound good just being plugged into a PS4 controller. Sound good but if you have a sound card or something that has 5.1 or 7.1 surround this is where it really comes to life! If hooked up to something that has surround sound the sound is just something you have to experience to understand. The sound is very high quality for a $99 headset. After long sessions of games the ear pieces to tend to get very warm on the ears. That is the one thing I would knock on these headsets. I wish you could buy the cloths of the ear pieces, maybe you can? Maybe you cant? I am not 100% sure. Other than what I said just said give these a try even if you try them on at the store before you purchase
Bought as a gift she loves them, says it matches her hair.
Awesome product, no complaints.
Had the ps4 gold wireless headphones before purchasing this product and I have to say I should have switched sooner. The sound, comfort, make of these headphones goes beyond what I was expecting. For only 100 these headphones are a must have. Would recommend this product to whoever is thinking of buying a budget headphone that has amazing sound quality, a great mic and amazing build quality
My 14 year old son loves this headset for PS4 compared to past headsets he has had.  He had a cheaper turtle beach set that sounded horrible and the PS gold wireless, which he hated because it disconnected on him frequently.  He requested a wired set. I actually purchased the Revolver S 7.1 audio dongle from Hyper X (HXS-HSDG3) directly for $30 too and it works great with the Cloud Alpha.  I was going to buy the Revolver S headset, but the twang complaints of the metal band scared me. I am very happy with this purchase.  At my age I hate to admit that I also play PS4 occasionally and never used a headset, but tried these (mic off) and I am hearing footsteps in COD that I never heard before with my 7.2 surround sound speaker setup. It can definitely give you an edge in online game play and sounds amazing.
Excellent Headphones. Great for everything from Gaming to Music. 4 stars, because you need the Hyper X Sound Card to get better volume control. Doesn’t get as loud as I’d like when plugged in the PS4 controller
Yes it’s very comfortable
Sound quality is top notch for the price.  Great build quality, very comfortable, mic produces clear sound and not muffled like so many gaming headsets...very pleased with this product!
I have owned MANY of headsets throughout the years as well as a receiver with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound, however these headphones fit perfectly (I do wear glasses), the sound is crisp and clear both in game, or listening to music on iTunes.  The construction is great with the detachable mic and extra cable with splitter to plug in both the mic and the headphones for gaming (in my case) on my PC.
I have these and also the Turtle beach XO4.  These have better sound quality but it is annoying that you cant hear your own voice in the headset when you speak.  Good product I just prefer the Turtle Beach XO4
Great headphones as many people have said before.  Theyre very comfortable and dont overheat with hours into games.  The mic is stellar quality and my friends hear me peachy-keen.  They sound good from something as low powered as a console controller, and great out of an amplified source like a PC or mixamp. If youre looking for a gaming equivalent to the vaunted Sony 7506 studio headphones, but with a mic - this is the answer.
Great headset for the money.
Bought it for my son who is hard to please. This product put a smile on his face, which made my day.
He loved these. They work excellent for the price and all of his friends wanted a pair after I bought them for his birthday. Spoil your man with these girl!
My only downside of this headset that it doesnt get loud enough compare to the PS4 Gold headset and its a deal breaker for me and i would return it if i could for that.
This headset sounds really good, Ive only owned one other set and it was the turtle beach I wanted get the same ones but they discontinued them and I thought those sounded good yeah till I got the hyper x. Worth every penny. Red Dead 2 sounds incredible you can hear sounds coming from all directions.
Great headset not sure about mic us a septet mic
I used to get really bad headaches from cheaper headsets as they would squeeze into the side of my head and cut my glasses frames into the side of my head and ears.  Finally decided to shell out money for a quality pair, and I have no regrets.  It fits snug enough but doesnt cut my frames in, rubber pads are comfortable, easy to adjust, and great sound quality.
Using this as a wired headset on XBOX and PS4. I was hesitant to try them a many reviewers said the sennheiser game one was super comfortable and sounded great and that the Cloud Alpha was uncomfortable when worn for a while due to their ears hitting the drivers. I found these to be way more comfortable than the Game Ones as the memory foam is extremely soft and they feel great even after a few hours. The Game Ones were less comfortable at first but they are OK after a while but I did not find their ear cushions nearly as good a the Cloud Alphas. The Game Ones sound was slightly clearer with slightly cleaner mids but they were not worth the extra money for gaming. I got the Cloud Alpha for 79.99 and the Game One for 133.00. Of course, sound is a very personal thing but these were the best choice for me.
Solid headset, same great material quality and feel of Cloud IIs but with a noticeably improved sound quality.
These are amazing!
This is the most comfortable headset Ive worn, and I love that the cable is coated in a hardy material vs. rubber, as I have a cat that likes to chew on cords! The sound quality is very nice, and my friends have reported the my mic sound is perfect as well. It does NOT come with set-up instructions though, so be prepared to potentially muddle your way through your sound settings if youre not experienced there.
Amazing quality, comfort, and with the 50 mm dual chambers I can literally hear all kinds of foot steps in COD/Rainbow Six while enjoying music!
Excellent build and sounds great
I usually play pubg a lot. This headsets helps me to precisely locate where enemy comes from. Definitely Worth my money to purchase it.
I have Takstar Pro82 and its comfort king for me, yes cloud alpha have more detailed audio but for big heads this is not so good, so when you buy it first try on comfort. Else its much better then cloud core.
It’s a good comfortable gaming head set
I had been using an old pair of Skullcandy Hesh headphones with an inline mic to play PS4 games. I thought the sound quality was fine for battle royale games, etc, however as I began playing Rainbow Six Siege heavily, I really wanted a better quality mic with better mute controls. Based on several online reviews, I decided to try the HyperX Cloud Alphas. All I can say is that these are amazing gaming headphones!  Extremely comfortable over longer gaming sessions. The sound quality is excellent - extremely clear and rich, which is amazing when playing games where you need to hear footsteps and other subtle sounds from different directions.  Ive been told that the mic sound quality is excellent during games as well, noticeably better than the in-line mic I had been using. The quality of the materials feels really premium as well... the ear pads are super soft, the cord is wrapped/reinforced for strength, all of the connections to the mic and the cord fit snugly, etc. The control on the cord includes both a volume control and a mute on/off switch. (Note - this headset does not have the feature that allows you to mute by flipping up the microphone boom, which some gaming headsets have, however the toggle switch on the cord is easy to reach and works well, and the flexible mic boom is a nice comfort feature.) Highly impressed with this gaming headset, and for the money, I think this is a great value. Highly recommended!
Bought it for my teenage son, he loves it!
The most comfortable headset I have ever owned! I have had these for about 4 months now and I know already Im going to have them for a long time. I personally forgot I was wearing them sometimes because they are so comfortable. I dont know about other products that are cheaper or more expensive, but if you want a quality gaming headset that wont deplete over time this is probably the best for the price.
Only two downsides with the product is a lack of included USB amp/soundcard, and the extra foam earpads that came with previous models.
They are very comfortable
great sound quality besides the bass being a tiny bit lower than i would like. Build quality is great and they feel premium. Only complaint is that the ear cups were not as far out as my old kraken v2 headset and this did cause some pretty annoying ear fatigue. If you use this headset for more than a few hours you may experience the same thing.
nice product love it
I purchased these for gaming at home and like them a lot. Comfortable and light. Sounds are very clear and precise. I decided to buy another pair for my desk at work, but I bought the HyperX Cloud Core, which was about half the price of this headset. I cannot tell the difference between the two besides the color. Unless youre an audiophile, I recommend the Core series. For team FPS games, the mic picks up keystrokes and annoys the teammates, so the mic is not directional. I purchased dampeners for my mechanical keyboard and that solved the problem.
These things sound phenomenal, the mic works very well, and the detachable aspect is very handy. The construction definitely feels solid, so no concerns about this thing falling apart in a year. The only minor knock I can give these things is that they fit a little snug. Theyre still very comfortable, even for long gaming sessions, but the snugness means after 2+ hours of use, your hair is going to have some funny pressed marks on it where the band and earmuffs were.
Awesome sound quality. Comfy fit and quality construction.
not as good as the cloud 2s but they work.  They literally have no bass to them. So I only use them when I need a Mic other then that I use my old cloud 2s
Everything Ive read, viewed and researched about this product is true. I use it to listen to music while I use Dragon Naturally speaking. Sonic bliss while I write. Perfect combination.
Great deal for the price. Solid sound but not like Bose or anything. Lightweight structure but durable/flexible  feeling. My old turtle beaches cracked on the earpiece twice but these seem strong.
I bought these as a replacement for the Corsair HS50 and these are a huge upgrade. Sound quality is sharp, the aluminum build is durable and flexible and the aesthetics of the headset look great in person. The ear muffs are super comfortable and feel super plush. A great edition to my gaming setup. For the price, these are the best!
If you want headphones that are comfy great sound and overall these headphones are for you.  Just take care of them and they will last a life time and dont be like some of these idiots that dont know anything
This is honestly the best sounding and comfortable headset I have ever tried on. The one problem I have with this headset is that it does not come in 7.1 Surround Sound. This problem was fixed when I bought the HyperX Amp but I still do not like having to pay an extra $25 for surround sound. Besides that, this headset is amazing. The sound quality is unlike anything I have ever heard from a headset. The removable microphone is good (but not amazing). This headset has to be a go to choice for people who are looking for headsets at a mid ranged price point, and you get the amazing Cloud9 logo for all off the fans of their teams
I use it mostly to work in an open-space environment. Its doing a good job isolating office noises with the music is on but not so much when its off.
Theyre awesome!!! The sound quality is great they are very comfortable as well
Works great. Way better than my turtle beach XO fours.
This is my first gaming headset and I want to say these are absolutely amazing breathtaking product my brother has their pre-assessor So when I got these I knew they would be good but I did not know they would be this amazing. I highly recommend this product
Awesome headphone! Far better than I expected. Sound quality is better than my $300 QC35. The clamping force is just right (Im wearing glasses). Strongly recommend.
After weeks of wandering about wich heapohnes to buy i finally deicided to buy the HyperX alphas. They are great! I think it feels like a really durable set, bass is great, very comfortable and its isolating fine, its a steal for this price. Aslo very quick delivery! Would edit if i will face any problems.
It’s just the best at the best price
so I decided to write a review after a year of daily usage specially since this is the first headset I use. im using it for my PC,PS4 and Mobile phone and the sound quality is so satisfying with music but it shines when it comes to playing games, tried it with overwatch and you can hear where the enemy ginji or tracer is coming from, recently bought Battlefield V and the gun sound and explosives  sound crisp and clear. the headset`s cups are still look & feel brand new after using it for a year, but you might want take extra care with the audio controls on the wire even though they are working fine with my headset but they look like they can easily be damaged ! For anyone who`s going to use this for his/her ps4, the DS4 controller cant run this headset perfectly but there isnt any noticeable flows or downgrades
This is a great headset!!! The sound quality is crazy, the mic is nice and clear, the detachable mic and cable are incredibly handy to turn an incredible headset into incredible headphones. The only nitpick I have about these is the volume is on the cord instead of a more desirable area like the ear cuffs. I highly recommend this headset and if youre looking for a headset thats in the 100 dollar range, then you can stop looking after you get these.
This headset is solidly built and will be sure to last for years and will take drops and being thrown in a bag. No clamping force at all and barely feel it when it’s on even with glasses. Sound is clear and clean. They look great too! The mic is a bit low though due to the noise canceling. Only wish that it came with a case instead of a thin drawstring bag.
Im more of a wireless person myself, and Ive been using wireless earbuds lately as my daily driver, however I ended up picking a pair of these cans up just to see what the hype was all about, and wow was I blown away. Sure it doesnt have the convenience of just walking anywhere with your earphones in and being able to continue listening to whatever you were, but these have a sound profile that is extremely deep and rich. I actually picked up a lot of little details in a lot of my favorite songs I never noticed before. Two issues I did have with my set was that it did smell of this herbal smokey smell which is slightly off-putting and which Im hoping goes away in a few days, and because I have large ears, these do get fairly warm (which is a reason I use earbuds in the first place). I did notice however, these did not heat up as much as earbuds I have used in the past and I can use them fairly comfortably for hours on end with zero pain or annoyance. These even come with a cable extender which boosts the length of your cable so I can walk halfway across my entire room!
Im no audiophile, but I wear headphones all day, every day at work, and can say with confidence, this is an amazing headset, at a fair price. The HyperX Cloud headset was recommended to me by a friend, but I was initially turned off by their relatively simple design, and fundamental features. I put gimmicks and frills before basics, and after a disappointing and frustrating experience with a pair of Astro A40s I ordered the HyperX. The design of the HyperX are simple and clean, but extremely high quality. The aluminum frame makes the headset feel solid as a rock, yet it sits lighter on my head than Astros which were all plastic. The ear cups are large enough to fully enclose the ear, making a tight seal creating a near noise cancelling effect. The pads are dense enough to not compress and feel the drivers pressing into your temples, but soft enough to be comfortable while wearing glasses. The boom mic arm is thicker than most Ive seen, and holds its position firmly once oriented to your liking. it is also detachable so the headset can be used as a regular set of over-ear headphones. the in-line mute cable is a thicker gauge and cloth covered, with a sliding mute switch and a volume wheel that works crisply and cleanly every time. Game audio sounds great. Chat is crystal clear, and I had never noticed all the ambient noise in the game environment until picking these up. Dont waste time on a headset with flash and frills. Buy these, and get back to enjoying your game.
reminds of first hyperx cloud.  Price is bit high but I still think its the best headset for money.  The other one I had was sennheiser but hyperx was my first awesome headset.  Got this elsewhere but its still great.  if you can get a discount then yes these are the ones to buy. But I take away 1 star because it has a horrible mute button that is almost impossible to find quickly.  So if you find a sennheiser at the same price I rec the sennheiser. It had a nice way to move the mic up to mute it.
Great sound quality especially for price. Only downfall is mic is a little low but overall these are awesome!
I like the sounds quality, the production quality is also top notch
Bought a pair of $20 headphones and they broke and decided to spring for the more expensive brand name pair. Now, these headphones are simply the best, the biggest difference comes to shooting games and needing to hear enemy footsteps and this does an amazing job of this. Also, the mic will pick up more than the average mic (whether that is good or bad up to you. Finally, the cumfort is unreal. 5 out of 5
This is one of the best headsets all around. I used to only buy turtle beaches and then I wanted a change then I bought these instead. Worth the price every little bit.
Great
Great headphones I’m glad a got them, the people on discord say the microphone  quality is really good and the sound quality I get is really good as well I’d definitely recommend this headset to anyone who’s looking for a new one
Fits a little small on my big ears but only a little. Sound is great!
My grandson loved them!
Very nice
if your budget is 100 dollars, there is NOTHING that will beat this headset.
I love the sound and the way it feels I would highly recommend to buy this it’s realky good
These headphones are best for gaming. For sure top of the line! I can’t trll you how many of my teammates thank me for enemy call outs they can’t hear on call of duty blackout
The sound is great - both for video games and music. The biggest thing for me is that there is enough padding on the top - other headphones started to hurt after 30 minutes. These seem to be built very well.  I love having the volume control on the cord. I turned the PS4 volume all the way up and then control the volume with the dial. They are plenty loud. The dual chamber to reduce distortion really works - I can hear the difference compared to my previous pair. I feel they are worth the full retail price, but are a steal at the Black Friday price.
Sound quality is insane. Great bang for you buck. Only wish I could hear myself when talking in mic because the noise cancellation with the headset is great
Good so far
Let me start if by saying that I was blown away by this headset. I bought this headset after my Astro A50s stopped working and I was looking all over for a nice budget friendly replacement. I came across these during a search and decided to place an order. I also ordered some Astro a40 as I couldn’t decide which of the two to get... I bought both of these headsets during Black Friday weekend of 2018. The Astro a40s were a huge headache. The issues with the mic and static noise that i was having was crazy for the price. They sounded amazing but my voice was in and out so no one could hear me. I’m actually in the process of returning them since no one has been able to find a solution. The Hyperx cloud alphas surprised me in every way. This headset is amazing for the price range and if you can get it on a special even better. The build and quality of this headset is on pair if not better than the Astros. They sound amazing and the mic is good. They’re so easy to set up and I haven’t had any problems with them so far. I’ve been testing them for about two weeks now and have no complaints so far. Long story short if you’re choosing between these and Astro a40s or 50s I would 100% choose these every time.
I got this headset because it is well known in the YouTube and gaming community. I needed a back up headset for when my wireless headset dies. I may just use it as main headset it sounds a lot better then I expected for the price. The build quality is so solid and I’m happy with them.
Definitely the nicest pair of headphones Ive ever allowed myself to purchase and I dont regret going above the ~$20 category of headphones.  Every cheaper pair Ive purchased have been a disappointment and ended up breaking after brief usage. Theyre very comfortable and seem to have really good sound quality, but Ive mostly only used cheaply made $20 range headsets in the past so I dont have much to compare them against. They look and feel very well made.  The cord is threaded and seems durable, but is also detachable so it can be replaced if needed.  The mic is also detachable and looks pretty nice, but I havent tested it yet. Couldnt justify spending over 200 on a headset right now, so Im really glad I found these at a very reasonable cost for what youre getting.
This is the most comfortable headsets ever, my ears doesnt even fell them after 3 - 4 hour gaming sessions. The sound its great but can be better if you use an AMP. Currently using it with the 30$ soundblaster G1 on PS4.
This product far exceeded my expectations. You know those videos where an infant gets hearing aids and they react with pure joy from hearing sound for the first time??? HyperX Cloud Alpha Gaming Headset brought that same effect onto me. Dont hesitate about buying this if youre a serious gamer looking to get the upper hand vs other.
Great
Love these headphones. Only downside is that they do not come with the USB plug-in attachment that the standard Alphas come with.
After having multiple Logitech headsets die on me in under a year, I decided to give the HyperX Cloud Alpha a try. I have been using this headset for almost a year now and I must say it is fantastic. Comfortable to wear for those long gaming sessions, good quality material and does disintegrate into that gross faux leather dust, doesnt squeeze your head mercilessly ( I have a big head so huge plus ), sound quality is great and the microphone works extremely well and is detachable.
The sound quality is great. Wish it had 7.1 or at least came with the 7.1 usb from 3.5 adapter.  Mic is just like a standard mic nothing outstanding. kind of knew that going in though. All and all a great headset for the money.
I can wear these 8+ hours and my ears dont get sweaty, nor does it get to feeling tight or uncomfortable. Great sound quality and I love the detachable mic. You know youre not going to mutter something and embarrass yourself if the mic is unplugged, instead of hoping the mute toggle is clicked on. They block outside sound really well, which can be a problem if you live with anyone who likes to scare you.
The sound quality is amazing, the ear cushions are comfortable. I am 62" and have large ears as well, so this headset does give me a large amount of fatigue on the crown of my head and on the top and bottoms of my ears. The headset is amazing Im sure for someone smaller with smaller ears and head. The cord is ridiculously long but thats not a complaint at all! Otherwise the build quality is amazing, I know this headset is going to last a long time, its just too small for me personally. I would like to mention this headset does not play nice with other usb adapters (3.5mm to usb) specifically the usb adapter from a logitech headset. The mic will not work through the usb adapter, only playback so I had to split them between digital and analog connections. I would suggest if you get the Cloud 9 version, that you purchase the separate dongle adapter to usb.
Good all around, only lacking in long term comfort.
Great sound quality
Had for about a month without any issues. The best headset I have used that didnt cost and arm and a leg.
So far they seem very tough.  Sound quality is top notch.
So far so good! Great Christmas gift. My son loves them. Said the sound is great.
Bomb
Love it Best Headset just alittle harder to turn the mic off every time
BIG NOTE: This does NOT have sidetone built-in.  You are going to need to find a solution for that if you are used to it.  Too bad that the cheaper "gaming" headsets do.
My son is very happy with this Christmas gift.  The headset is of high quality and is very comfortable!  This headset is the same as the blue one from HyperX but just is red and black, so same headset, lower price for this color!
Love everything about this headset. The sound quality is great, the material and durability is great. Recommended them to a friend and they love them too! I wear gages and have a lot of ear piercings and other headsets Ive used really bothered my ears but this hyper x headset is amazing. Never bothers my ears, fits so comfortably on my head and the cushion on the headset is really comfortable.
Ive been a longtime fan of the HyperX Cloud line ever since I purchased the Cloud 4 years ago, as they have consistently provided unparalleled comfort and quality for the price. I got the Alpha as a replacement for my Cloud II, and used it with the latters 7.1 surround sound box. SOUND QUALITY - 9/10 As with all HyperX Cloud headsets, the sound quality is good. There is a noticeable difference between the sound of the Alpha and Cloud II, but Im honestly not sure if I prefer the former, though this could just be because I was so used to the latter. MATERIAL QUALITY - 10/10 This was a highlight of the Alpha for me. The headset is both sturdy and flexible, and the detachable cord is an outstanding feature whenever travel is involved. Each part of the headset seemed it was built to last for years to come. COMFORT - 7/10 This is the primary reason I ultimately still prefer the Cloud II. I often wear my headset for 6 or 8 hours a day, so comfort over long periods is extremely important to me. A highlight of both the Cloud I and Cloud II was that I could have it on all day and not feel a thing. The Alpha is slightly heavier, and presses in a bit more on the sides of my head. Moreover, the thin film over the speakers seems to lie a few millimeters closer, because it just presses against the tip of my ear on the Alpha but not on the Cloud II. Altogether, this means that while the Alpha is still comfortable for the first hour or two, it does becomes noticeably more uncomfortable after that for me, and I have to remove the headset for half an hour or so before putting it on again.
One of the best gaming headsets Ive had. Very comfortable. And less fatigue when youre wearing it for a long time. I like that it has a detachable mic so you can take it out with out it on the actual headset. Only part thats a bit frustrating is that the cables tend to twist a lot. I find myself untwisting it often but other than that a great headset to have
Easily one of the best gaming headphones you can buy for $100, the dual chamber make a huge difference with sound quality, they are very loud and very clean audio performance, good bass but not over the top, they are also very lightweight and comfortable to wear (thats what cloud stands for), and the microphone sounds excellent as well. I do have some suggestions to make, they dont isolate sound very well, you can still hear background noise, the microphone doesnt retract or hide, youll have to unplug it, the earcups dont turn either so you cant hang them around your neck comfortably, other than that these are by far the best gaming headphones money can buy, the sound great, even for music listening they are fantastic and very comfortable.
Bought for my son’s birthday and he loves it.
Love everything
For my use. It works
I never make reviews, but I gotta say I love the quality of this headset
First order of these the left speaker wasnt working at all so had to deal with the whole return to receive a new one. Fortunately the second time I ordered it worked like a charm. The headset is really comfortable and has good sound quality.
Purchased for my gamer son for Christmas. The mic was not being recognized on his Asus computer which has 2 separate plug in ports for mic and headphones. We both tried Hyperx tech support but they couldn’t figure out what’s wrong and then ultimately recommended we get warranty on the extension. Warranty Dept made it difficult because of the lack of a traditional receipt which amazon doesn’t give. How did my son get the mic working? Purchased HyperX Cloud Virtual 7.1 Surround Sound USB Card (HX-USCCPSS-BK). It did the trick and both mic and headset is working just perfectly!
My son did all the research on these and i purchased them for him for Christmas.  He couldt be happier to replace his old turtle beach set.  I tried them on and they sound fantastic!
This headset is well built and feels very comfortable even after long sessions. The microphone is clear and I get no complaints about mic noise or volume. I am using these on PC and enjoy how clear they sound even without an amp or digital-to-analog converter (DAC.) The volume may be lower if you plug these into the PS4 controller so you will need a DAC
The echo is terrible. We’ve tried everything to eliminate it.
The mic is too sensitive it picks up sound from the headphones chapter 1 in the chat can hear your sound feedback kind of sucks besides at the sound quality and everything else is great
I purchased these after owning the Hyper X Cloud IIs for three or four years and after trying a pair of Astro A40s. These are a definite step forward in sound quality compared to the Hyper X Cloud IIs and rival or exceed the Astros, especially considering the price. Theyre super comfortable and are a great set of headphones for gaming, music, TV, or otherwise. If you need a good gaming headset under $100, look no further than these. Plus, the black and red color scheme is very slick. Pros: Value Durability (I have confidence these will last a few years given my prior experience with Kingston products) Sound Quality Portability (You can use them with more that just a console and the mic is detachable) Comfort Cons: I think that this is more of an issue with the output from my controller, but I wish they got maybe 10% louder
These are great headphones and I would totally recommend them.
It’s a good product highly recommend for a pearson that plays siege.
Fast shipping great quality
The sound is great! Not the best for music, however I have headphones for that, and have these for gaming. I hear footsteps more clearly, and from farther away than I ever did with the Razer Kraken Pro headset. (I bought 2 sets of those and had used them for many years, and I am glad I made the switch. Kraken were great all around, but these are overall better for gaming). Gunshots are more clear, and I feel these were made for first person shooters.. And are PERFECT for CS:GO.
My son loves them
My son uses these everyday when he plays his games and he said they are fantastic great sound everything
After so many great reviews I wanted to love these but had to end up sending them back. First the materials are great. They definelty seem better made then my turtle beach or other headphones. They were more comfortable to wear then any other headphones I own. The improvement areas are the heat. My ears were on fire with these in a short period of time. Not sure why others don’t mention it or if it’s just me but I found these very warm to wear. Next I mainly use them on Xbox and had some mic issues but after some tinkering we got it working. Last the directional sound was non existent. I found myself greatly appreciating my crappy turtle beach headphones. I could not tell direction of sound at all.  Im not sure how anyone really games in these. Sorry I wanted to love these. As the materials are great, they are light and feel great to wear(minus the heat). If we could combine the materials of the cloud, with directional sound, a unidirectional mic that flips up to mute, separate team and game volume controls (hate the combined ones). Those headphones would be perfect. I can live with the wires but once you actually go wireless you will find it incredibly hard to go back. It’s just so much simpler.
Loved it....using it with my ps4 and phone calls. Calls are clear and headset is very comfy. I dislike the soft carrying case. Wish it was a hardcase to protect my investment.
So far so good. Great sound and comfortable. I had a pair of HyperX Cloud Stingers for one day before returning them due to the instant headache they game me. These are well worth the extra money.
I bought this based on youtube reviews and they sound great, but the strap hurts my ears when i played long gaming sessions. Also the ear cups leather smelled a lot like a strong garlicy smell I wasnt a big fan of that. But it could be a hit or miss for you.
Very comfortable headphones and I am very happy with the sound.  The cables seem to be very high quality.
I wish I could turn it louder. At full volume it is not very loud in my opinion.
this headset is great the hear pads are so comfortable.  you can play video games or listen to music as much as you can with these headphones.  when you think i dont like these you will be wrong and you can play hours upon hours with this headset. They are durable
Looks good, sounds good, feels good
This is the perfect headset. Not to heavy, sits comfortably on the head. I wear glasses and it doesnt interfere or cause any issues whatsoever. Good sound from headphones, friends never complain they cant hear me online. A note for any buyer! If you get these and you can not get the microphone to work/pick up... push the headphone jack ALL THE WAY IN to the head set. Not the Mic jack, but the headphone jack. I thought I had pushed it in far enough, as it made the typical click noise and feel.  When I couldnt get the mic to work I went online and found many were in the same boat. If you can see ANY of the jack at all, you need to push it in. Everything works great now.
Absolutely Amazing sound quality! Microphone is crystal clear and the noise reduction is Even better paired with a hyper x sound card. Would definitely recommend 10/10
Build quality and comfort is great. No LED/RGBs. This would be a perfect headset if it had better bass response. The TurtleBeach stealth 700s I had were in a completely different league when it came to bass.
I am thoroughly impressed by this product as far as the headphones themselves go, the only reason I wouldnt give this product a perfect score is that I felt that the connecting cords sold with the product are cheap. I have already experienced some minor issues with the cords after handling them with care but overall the sound of this headset is very well for its cost and I would still recommend this product to others.
I have no real complaints after several weeks of owning it which is great to be able to say. The sound quality probably isnt on par with top of the line headsets, but its still sounds great.
Love these headphones
I purchased the Cloud Alpha Headset to use with my PS4 and the sound is amazing.  I paired the headset with the HyperX USB sound card, which created a rich & clear sound.  To compare, I also plugged the Headset directly into the PS4 controller without the USB sound card and found that it was not loud enough.  The PS4 controller does not produce enough power to drive these Headphones.  With the USB sound card I am more than satisfied.  I am also impressed with the build quality and how comfortable this Headset is.  I have used many different Headsets over the years and find this one to be one of the most comfortable by far for my 7-1/4 head.  My 13 year old son also uses this Headset and he stated that it felt great on his head also. Note:  When I plugged the cable into the headset I was not getting sound at first.  I then realized that, although it felt like the cable was all the way in the headset it was not.
Gaming
The sound wasnt high enough to hear footsteps if your playing first person shooter.
good audio for low price dont use mic much but its decent quality
very good quality headset with good sound quality and very comfortable. the metal frame adds to its durability and comes in very nice packaging
After going through 5 headsets due to comfort issues with my glasses I finally bought these. They are extremely comfortable with minimal clamping force. The directional audio is such a huge setp up from my razer kraken pro v2. I ordered the cloud9 version and it looks very nice.
Ive not had many headsets, but Ive had the low end turtle beach headsets and a Logitech G35 for the last 3 years. This is by far the best headset Ive used. I can confidently recommend them and if youre on PS4 and using this, do yourself a favor and get the sound amp (HX-USCCAMSS-BK) which is currently $29.99 here on Amazon.  This provides surround sound for FPS gaming on the PS4, I was shocked how accurate the sound for the new Black Ops 4 was with the amp surround sound. I dont have a great deal of headset experience but work in tech and did significant research and even spoke with HyperX support prior to buying. The headset offers clear and crisp sound on ps4 although somewhat understated in comparison to the Amps sound. All of my research and YouTube review watching pointed me to this headset. In the $100 range and I have to say Im very happy with it. Considered the Revolver S but too many reviewers said it offered bass at the expense of clarity. Which this with the amp has respectable bass but great clarity and noise isolation thanks to the dual driver system. Talked my friend into buying a pair also and he has nothing but good to say.
Comfortable and functional
Works great months after my sons use and abuse. Just what we were looking and hoping for.
Wow Im blown away they sound better than cloud 2 more details love them
Ive used turtle beaches and other head phones but these are by far the best ones. I dont have anything bad to say about them they just work good.
Very good sound
Very comfortable, snug fit, good sound. Poor sound isolation however.
Very well made. Well worth the money. I like it that all cords are attached via jacks.
Have lasted years best value gaming headset ever
A friend told me to pick one of these up when I was looking to replace my Logitech G930 (i think thats the right model) wireless headset after the battery was crapping out. I usually try to use usb headsets but wanted a cross platform system for all my game consoles and my pc. So this was a perfect fit. As everyone says its an awesomly light yet durable and comfortable headset that fits my huge dome perfectly. Ive only had it for a week but sound quality is great on my PS4 and my PC. Just purchased the Hellcat in GT Sport and god does that thing sound great with higher volume. Havent had much of a chance to play intense pc fps games yet, but I do hear footsteps clearly in other basic games. Here is where I knock on other reviews. Best piece of advice I can give is trust your gut based on product reviews, people say a lot of asanine things because of their lack of common sense. So what I noticed... no electronics touch your ears when the headphone is over your ear, the head set is light and absolutely comfortable. My ears are mostly always sore because I wear a 3m worktunes muff at work 9-10hrs a day with my safety glasses slightly pinched on my upper ear. With this headset it does not aggrovate or make that feeling.... There is more than plenty of volume when you plug into your ps4 controller, someone stated it was too quiet. Maybe there controller was half dead? Maybe they didnt have all the ps4 console settings correct? Maybe they didnt turn the volume dial on the head set? I ended up cranking it and was like "woa, how was that review true?" The only problems I have experienced is that upos hooking up to discord and testing the mic through windows I could not get the mic to work. Stupid me, but common mishap on all forums... be sure the main line jack is indeed all the way plugged into the headset, therexs an extra little suprise click. As of right now my friends can here all my pc audio when talking. Now this is probably something I mixed up and most likely not hyperxs fault. The mic does sound great too. Otherwise great affordable headset, buy it!
The HyperX Cloud Alpha is a great pair of headphones. I use them nearly everyday and for the past month Id have to say that  they are amazing. It has the signature Hyperx comfort with its ergonomic design. The headphones give a look that might be tight but suprisingly these have quite a lite squeeze weight on your head. I have taken them on the go before and I have to say; they are definitely at home headphones. The cord has a strong durable braiding on it that gives it a quality feel and look. The inline volume adjustment and mic cancellation has been extremely useful for me. I use it if i am in the middle of a game and need a little sound boost to hear pin point noises, not to mention the mic control is useful when I dont need to use my mic. Noise cancellation is decent but not the best seeing as its not focused on canceling noise.  The mic quality is ok (better than most), but if you are looking for a quality mic then I would buy an external mic like the Rode nt1 or the HyperX Quadcast. The head strap has the same HyperX signature comfort that the ear cups do. One of my favorite things about the Alpha is the replaceable mic and cord. HyperX sells the headphone cord and mic separately in case of damage. The ear cups are also replaceable and customizable. You can change them out to be a different inside color and material (leather and velour). The headphones durability is exceptional. It is built to stand falls and longterm headband stress because of its aluminum frame; not to mention the cutouts on the headphones frame help to save weight. Now for the part everyone wants to know; the sound. The sound is great, everytime I put these on in suprised. You can feel your head shake from the big explosions and bass. The dual chamber technology definitely works and changes the way it feels when playing. Its not revolutionary but its definitely a change. Some wish for a little more bass but thats nothing an equalizer couldnt fix. Overall they are great, especially for the price.
Sound Quality: 10/10. For the price, these really are amazing headphones. The audio is extremely crisp and its extremely easy to hear everything thats going on. Nothing sounds tinny or muddled at all. Comfort: 9/10. These really are comfy and I was able to wear them for a 4 hour gaming session with no headaches and no issues. My one complaint though is while the cushion feels very soft, for some reason it feels a touch stiff on my head, so I may end up buying some velvet earpads to put on these. Mic: 10/10. My GF said i sounded crystal clear with absolutely no issues for 4 hours straight. Great mic. Sound Bleed: 8/10. For the most part its good, but if i turned it up to max volume on my Xbox my GF reported she could hear herself talk through these. I just had to turn my volume down to roughly 80% before she said she could not hear herself anymore, which was still perfectly loud to me. Overall: 9/10 these are are great headphones for the price and you wont be disappointed.
These are the best headphones I have ever used for the PC. I have had corsiars, turtle beach, logitech and several other brands over the years. These beat all in form and function. In the past a lot of my headsets would break at the cord or the mic. The fact that both are removable and replaceable on this set is a huge bonus. Pros: comfortable, replaceable mic and cord Con: Can hear ringing noise when quite-no worse than other headsets Ive had. Planing on hooking it up through a DAC to mitigate this as it is likely just feedback from the port on the PC
Corded headset works great with both Xbox and PlayStation controllers. Bluetooth can lag and drop occasionally but this thing is spot on. No extra power but not to worry, it’s plenty loud with great audio. Can’t give 5 stars for durability yet as it’s till too new. Otherwise works great as advertised and would definitely recommend.
Had them for a few months and couldnt be happier.  well worth the money.
When I first opened the box the headset looked amazing. It is much more durable than other headsets listed at this price. Sound quality is exceptional and easy to depict noise direction when playing games such as fortnite. Mute button is easily accessible and the cord is a good length. Would not recommend this headset if you have a very large head as the headset can be tight. I use this for my PS4 pro not PC although it is for both. Biggest issue with this was the ear pads smelled like onions (these were purchased brand new). I contacted HyperX and they sent me replacement pads for free. Thankfully the new pads did not smell this time. I did not get an explanation as to why the odor was present but I dont really care anymore considering their customer service was helpful and understanding. Overall I highly recommend this headset. You may just have to go thru a slight hassle if the earbuds are defective. Best headset at this price by far.
Around 7pm, there was a fire in the 4th floor of the apartment building where my studio is. We were on the 2nd floor. I was out during that time but my friend was in the studio. After a few minutes people there were rushing to put out the fire. Neighbors screaming to alert everyone and sirens blaring a few minutes later.  Thankfully they managed to put out the fire quickly with no serious damage, just a bunch of smoking cardboard. Meanwhile this guy was still playing PUBG all throughout that ordeal, shouting and talking trash on Discord via his headset unaware of whats happening until my mom came up there to check. He was wearing HyperX Cloud Alpha and Im really impressed with the noise cancellation of those headphones.
I bought these for gaming. They sound great the mic works great. The only issue that I have with these is that after a while I start to get some pressure points behind my ears. They are fairly new so maybe that will go away after they get broken in a little.
Hyper x makes some amazing affordable gaming headsets. The alpha headset competes with others that cost 2 and 3x as much in every department. Build quality, look and feel, comfort, mic quality and sound quality. These things are awesome in every way. I have a little portable headphone amp from fiio and it really makes these things shine even more. Their dual chambered 50mm drivers can more than handle the extra power they gain from the use of an amp (you dont need it though) and really brings forth the true power of this headsets sound. Would definitely recommend these.
Received quickly. My son loves them.
super easy to use and sounds fine although it’s my first headset and i have nothing to compare it to. every once in a while i have to unplug it and plug it back into my controller because it’ll start to make some weird clicking noise but otherwise for the price it’s good
The best headset ever....withstands rough teenage gamer abuse. ..
Ive been using HyperX headphones for years now with the Cloud II being the set Ive had the longest.  I love my Cloud IIs and these are just as good.  Theyre comfortable for all-day wear and sound better than any of the other gaming brands Ive tried (and Ive tried quite a few).  What makes them even better is the detachable audio cable.  So when you try to move too far away from your desk with these still on your head, you wont yank your head, your cable, or anything else in the way.  The cable will simply pull out of the headphones.  :P
Bought a "very good" condition unit from Amazon Warehouse and got what seems to be an unused headset in perfect condition. The box had been opened, but the headset had not been removed. Great performance and value.
Amazing
Awesome gaming experience
These lasted over a year and decided to upgrade and gave to my brother! They still work amazingly
Sturdy
I had massive buyers guilt when I decided to buy these. I already had bought a pair of Asus headphones for my new gaming PC, but the experience with them was so awful (pinched feeling on my head, audio quality, etc) that I had to get a new pair. People were raving about the HyperX Cloud and I now know why. Ive had these for almost a year and Ive never looked back. Im a HyperX fan. The cuffs are soft, the headband is broad and feels great on my head, the microphone and tiny sound control/mute is easy to toggle and setting them up was very easy. The moderate purchase price is worth it. The only con is that they dont swivel to lie flat on my desk surface, so I recommend them as a permanant set for your home PC, but if you have a backpack with lots of room then it should be fine. I carry a pretty narrow messenger bag, so these are relegated to my home for my gaming rig. Its a bit of an inconvenience, but hey, thats what upgrades are for I guess, and its a moderate con with so many pros, especially since I just use a simple pair of Apple earbuds with my laptop and its one thing I dont have to worry about losing. Anyway, these are fantastic. Solid construction, you will forget youre wearing them, and the price is great.
Hands down the best headphones I have ever owned in my 61 years. Ive owned 5 headphones in the past six years and was unsatisfied with each one. They either broke or the sound was cracky and intermittent. The Hyper Cloud Alpha is spot on target! Its the most comfortable pair of headphones I have ever worn, no cracks in the sounds and I can hear the footsteps in my gaming crystal clear. I stream video games on Twitch and my audience can hear me loud and clear with no interference. Im hooked.
I use this for gaming but could also wear these around the workshop all day.  Just the right bass levels and so clear that Ive been finding audio queues in games that I never heard before. The detachable mic does take a minute to get used to if youre accustomed to flipping up your mic when not using it.
These headphones are truly great. The sound quality is very decent, I was surprised how good the sound quality is (I bought these only because of the mic, which is great too btw). The only downside is the smell. Ear-pads have a not very pleasant smell (glue or something). Hope it will go away, by for now its - 1 star for the smell.
The earmuffs are stupid comfy on the ear. Leather covered memory foam. Good sound quality, mic is alittle quiet.
Nice headphones
This headset is good for the price, and if you want to use it on multiple systems. Its not the best as far as features or comfort but for the price, it is hard to beat.
Buenísimos auriculares!!!
Would be nice to control game volume vs chat volume
Everything is good about it ( sound, fit, detachable mic, design, and price) Great headset overall
Best headset I have use until now, tried several different ones and did a lot of research before choosing this ones and they are a lot better including the sound quality and apperance of this ones than other more expensive headsets.
Greatest
So I figured for my first review on Amazon, I would tell about an item I was thoroughly interested in purchasing. This HyperX Cloud Alpha is the winner. I did a ton of research (meaning watching YouTube videos and reading lists and lists of reviews on here) and made the final choice to buy these... refurbished. Considering they are retail 99.99+ I believe I made a worthy purchase. Now let’s get started. They came in two days tops. Loving prime. Upon arriving I noticed both the HyperX Cloud Alpha headsets came in a large size box. I love that. When opening the box they were filled with package to support the long voyage over. Good, brownie points. Now, for the actually physical condition of the headsets. They were in pristine condition. Basically brand new. The only weird thing I noticed was that one package had different wrapping than the other... not a bad thing. It was like two people were packaging them together and instead of making them identically, one left a cord outside the main packaging. But, like I mentioned not necessarily a bad thing. I am going to primarily use these headsets for gaming, so before leaving to work I played a couple games of Fortnite. I could immediately tell the difference in sound compared to my other headsets. I have yet to use all the features, but once I have, best believe this review will be updated. I will test them on Apex, FallOut, FIFA 19, Blackops 4. I have scored the headset characteristics out of 10 which will hopefully give buyers a sense of what they are purchasing. Fit on head: 9.5/10 Overall sound: 8.0/10 Mic sound: 7.5/10 Bass: 9.0/10 Installation of mic and 3.5mm cord: 7.5/10
Phenomenal sound and experience.
Our teenage daughter is serious gamer--one of the only girls in the upper ranks. She loves these; wears them several hours a day.
I bought these headphones for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them!! I listened to some music on these headphones and it sounded soooo good! My boyfriend says that they are definitely worth the price, and he says they’re super comfortable!
Son and I use them for playing co-op with Battlefield 2 - Great investment for us.
I haven’t had much experience with gaming headsets. However this headset is just awesome. I’ve had it for over 3 months and it works great. The build quality is very nice with metal and quality materials. Unlike many headsets that are just rough plastic (turtle beach). They are very comfortable and have great sound. For $100 this is a great product. It has the same build quality of a product that could be $200. This is my first hyper x product and definitely won’t be the last.
The mic quality is fantastic. it sounds better than the Blue Yeti microphone I bought later on (which ended up breaking very quickly), and the audio is amazing for gaming. In games like Siege or CSGO I dont have a problem at all hearing where the enemies are. I would highly recommend this product, definitely worth the money. had it for a year and still not 1 problem with it.
I am very impressed with these. They sound great, the mic is really good, and is very good quality.
Excellent
The quality of this headset is undoubtedly great for the price you pay. The metal frame seems very durable and the padding is soft and not too stubborn. My only complaint is the fact that because I have a rather large head this headset does apply quite a bit of pressure to my jaw area in the front of the earphones. I am a rather moderate gamer so it doesnt bother me enough to request a refund but just a fair warning for those of you with a larger melon such as myself. Nevertheless, I definitely recommend this headset for anyone wanting great quality without abusing your wallet.
Got these headphones cause they were on a good deal and they have received my expectations and replace my previous gaming headphones
My son plays a lot of game. These are ok. The microphone is a bit flimsy and the headphones themselves are not as comfortable as they could be.  Sound could be better as well. Not terrible, not the top of the line either.
I ordered both this headset and the SteelSeries Arctis 7 after a lot of research and reviews. I had originally thought I would stick with the Arctis 7, but after one night of use, my mind is completely changed. I will say, however, that the mic quality of the Arctis 7 is superior to the Cloud Alpha, but the Cloud Alpha is better in all other aspects. I bought the headsets purely for use during guild raids on World of Warcraft. At all other times, I just use my computer speakers, but during raids I like to use Discord for easy communication and be able to more clearly hear my raid leaders and addons for call-outs and the like, so a headset becomes necessary. This generally means I spend about 2.5-3 hours at a time with the headset on. I started my raid last night using the SteelSeries Arctis 7, and about 4 bosses (1 hour) into the raid, my ears were hurting. My glasses (admittedly thick-framed) pushed up against my head, and my ears were slammed against the speakers under the shallow ear cups. It was just way too uncomfortable. So I switched out and went to the Cloud Alpha for the second half of the raid. 2 hours later, I could not be happier with my decision to switch. The discomfort almost instantly lifted my ears had space, my glasses werent shifted around or smushed against my temples, and I could even hear the voice comms better in the Alphas. This headset felt comfortable all the way through, not too tight, not too loose, good space in the ear cups, and worked well around my glasses - a world of difference from the comfort and fit of the Arctis 7.
Great for someone who leisurely games! May not be best for a professional, but has amazing quality
Gaming.
Ive been using these daily since Dec 2017. The sound drops out every few hours for about 2-3 seconds. Its kind of annoying but otherwise works good. The microphone is great at canceling out noise.
This headset is amazing. 100% worth my buck. As well as very durable and travel friendly 10 out of 100
Amazing Product sound quality is exceptional
Got em for boyfriend, he can barely hear me now haha but they dont break easy and theyre so comfy.  i play games myself but on console not pc like bf does and point is these are the best headphones i have ever come across its like you could wear these for hrs and not receive pressure headaches.
Perfect gaming headset.
Great headset!
Best head set I’ve ever tried
I like the quality of the headset sturdy and durability. One con. the mute switch. To me its opposite of what Im use to but it doesnt stop me from liking the headset
Great Ive tried a few others I liked this one best for gaming on my ps4
Really nice feel to them, blocks out a lot of noise, get yelled at now when gaming because I can’t hear people calling my name. Worth the money great headphones all around
While this is a “stereo” headset, you can enable surround sound on your Xbox one or PS4 settings with Dolby Atmos or Windows Sonic. These headphones are comfortable, adjustable, and stylish. The sound is full, the cord doesn’t tangle, the volume slider is sturdy, the quality of these headphones are amazing considering the price. Much better than arctis or turtle beach. The mic cancels all sounds besides my voice, and sounds completely clear to my teammates. Also: NEVER use 7.1 surround sound. 5.1 and stereo give you better mix and spacial awareness.
Sound quality is very good. Highs are clear and bass is great.
He claims it does help with sound stage/location in game. Clarity definitely improve with his old gaming headset.
Not quite as bassy as Id like, but the sound is very clear, and the headset is light and comfortable.
One of the best things to buy if you are a gamer! Dont miss the excellent quality of experience! I use them while playing games on my Xbox One X and wow!
This headset is super comfortable, lightweight, sounds great, and has a stellar mic! It is made of mostly metal, and a little bit of plastic. But if you want to use this for an original Xbox One controller, you will need a stereo headset to Xbox one controller adapter. I would recommend the Turtle Beach Ear Force One. Overall, this is one of, if not the, best headsets in the $100 range.
The volume is low without the extra sound card if youre plugged into the ps4 controller. But get the extra card and it can hurt your ears being so loud
Excellent comfort for long term gaming. Great sound.
Sounds amazinging.
The headset is somewhat echo-y to me. It sounds good but strange. Perhaps I will get used to it in the future. Also, this headset connects with the basic 3.5mm jack - which is great since it works out-of-the-box everywhere with no drivers. I can use it with my Linux PC and my phone without a problem. This plug is only a problem for Apple users :P
Great product.
Durable, great sound quality and comfortable!
I love how comfortable it is. I can sit all day with these on and my ears wont hurt.
Pretty good headset. I can use it on all my gaming units. PC, xbox and playstation
Very comfortable for long term use and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the microphone. Audio quality in general is very good; the highs are crisp and clean and the lows seems to be slightly more pronounced for explosions and gunshots as any good pair of gaming headphones should! I have owned many other gaming headphones and all have been retired. Way more comfortable than my Astro A40 with 95% of the sound quality and a better mic. I have had these headphones for about 6 months now and have had zero quality issues. A solid gaming headset that I cant recommend enough. I would not hesitate to buy another pair if something happened to the ones I have.
A very good headset, it came boxed up nice and with a bunch of air packets. Now out of the box and on to my head, it felt light and the ear cups are very soft and deep enough to not hurt my ears. Flexibility is great, sound is amazing but not entirely very loud since I am using it for a Ps4 Pro so I went ahead and ordered the hyperx 7.1 surround usb adapter, to get the full power out of these. As the aux in to controller is not outputting enough power out. Mic quality is amazing, not to mention the noise canceling which is very helpful for background noises. All in all I would recommend this headset to anyone looking for one.
Great sound
Really great sounding headset and super comfortable. I’m so glad I got these for my Xbox
These headphones were absolutely worth every penny! I bought them at recommendation of my friend who is an audiophile, and I cant believe what Ive been missing out on. I upgraded to these from my Razer Chroma 7.1s, and they are a MASSIVE improvement. The noise cancelling is amazing, and I can clearly tell where sounds are coming while gaming. On top of that, the music comes through with very high quality and a great deal of bass as well. All in all, a bit more expensive but 100% worth it if you want a solid headset good for PC and console gaming, and music listening as well!
Extremely comfy, great audio quality. The y splitter cable some times leaks desktop audio into the mic input, seems dependent on the computer its plugged into. Sound quality is better than my Bose QC35, mic quality is decent enough. All in all a great buy.
Not the best on the market, but for pice its amazing.  Great for just about anything.
Pros: + Sound quality is fantastic + Works well with many games that support some level of directional sound for enhanced awareness + Sounds great for other uses, like music, movies, voice chat + Comfortable for smaller heads, unlike many competitors + Great cords + Ear cushions and headbands holding up well so far Cons: - (Minor) Volume control in cord somewhat easy to bump and no extra components to swap out like first one - (Minor) Ear cushions are better than first HyperX Cloud, but there are no replacements like first one
These sound pretty good.  Keep in mind theyre Stereo not surround.  i DO wish they could get a little louder.  If you want.  I bought my son a Steelseries and probably would do that next time.  Little cheaper and sounds great.
Would buy again just wish it had software to calibrate sounds.
My son says he loves this headset and that they are comfortable
Bought them for son, he said they work really well, must be good he never hears me. :)
When I first got them, they were a bit tight but after stretching them out for a bit they fit well around my head. I wear them for multiple hours a day with no discomfort. Would buy again.
I am a gamer and comfort is needed, but quality is superior.  These replace my previous headset (HyperX Cloud Revolver).  I did not dislike the old set, but it was definitely bigger and heavier.  The quality was great, but after 2 years (just right around when the square warranty wore off, it decided to not work right.  So I cant complain cause I got my monies worth.  Usually with headsets my problem is my big head, and if the ear slides are plastic then over time they crack and break.  These headsets are solid metal slides and are sturdy AF.  The ear cups are comfortable and I love being able to hear people trying to sneak up behind me in the games I play.  Has saved me many a match.
I like the soft foam around ears it is very comfortable.
My son loves these and I know the noise cancelling works since he never hears me now. Haha
This product is very well made and has a nice sound quality and mic, only issue is you have to break it in so the headset won’t squeeze your head and I have been told that it sometimes echoes when playing with frieneds, but besides from that it’s a great headset.
I really love and these headsets and I recommend anyone looking for a lightweight headset with AMAZING SOUND QUALITY to purchase these.never before have I had a headset that emerged me into the game like these do.You can hear every step,Bullet,plane ,pen with these headphones.Not only gaming but music with these headphone are incredible.overall I’d say the only downfall would be the wired from your control to headset but that’s my opinion I’m a A50 guy but the mic and sound quality is really worth the buck for these inexpensive high quality head phones...leggooooo!!!
I love these headphones! I dont have much experience with many different gaming headphones other than my previous turtlebeach XOseven pros (which broke in several spots from normal use). I did quite a bit of research of all the other brands at this price range and I kept hearing how comfortable and durable they were. Once I got them the quality was great. Im no audiophile, I just wanted a good all around set and this set did not disappoint. Super comfortable ear pads great quality of sound from tiny nuanced footsteps in Rainbow 6S to big booming explosions and roaring engines in racing games. Very durable aluminum material. I love these things. I dont know when the next time Ill need a new pair is, but Im probably going HyperX again.
Great
These sound great and do the job for my Xbox gaming. The game volume and mike volume need to be tweaked so i can here discussions better while the gaming sounds come through.
The most comfortable headset I have ever worn. Great sound
Love the fact is made out of aluminum so it wont break and fits great with detachable mic
I have a pair of Hyper X Cloud 2s and theyre great, but the wire finally fatigued and I lost the right speaker.  Picked these up specifically because they have a detachable 3.5mm jack/ wire.  The comfort, sound quality, microphone, etc is as good or better than the Cloud 2s and now I dont have to worry about soldering a new 3.5mm jack on when the wire eventually fatigues.  I highly recommend this headset and I think it is the best option for a gaming headset at the $100 price point. And, the 7.1 surround USB connector that came with the Cloud 2s works with the Alphas so these are really a perfect upgrade/replacement for when the wire eventually goes out on your Cloud 2s. Dont get me wrong, Kingston uses good braided/insulated wires and they lasted several years,  but all wires eventually fatigue and break with enough use and punishment. Big kudos for making a solid headset with a detachable wire.
pretty nice headset, great sound and is super comfortable for those long gaming sessions. totally worth the price tag.
One of the biggest concern of headsets for me is hurting my ears in long gaming sessions. However, this headset just does not hurt me.
Super comfortable. Well constructed.  High quality sound. Couldn’t be more impressed.
At first I was skeptical, but after using these for over 3 months, I can now honestly say these are he best gaming headphones I have ever had!
Good sound quality! Very comfy
Great sound.  If you need 3d sound just turn on Windows Sonic
Great item would buy another
I should first specify I bought this headset from Bestbuy, price matched Amazon (ty bestbuy/Amazon!!) I had been using an expensive turtle beach headset I bought for my Xbox 360 for years, and it was great. Until I got the Xbox one and voice chat no longer worked. I knew I needed a new headset, but didnt want to spent over $300 again. So I looked around at bestbuy and did research and tried out Plantronics rig 500. It was okay, but cheap materials and sound was dull and unbalanced. Overall, unimpressed! Returned it and got this. INCREDIBLE!! It feels/sounds like a premium headset for only $90! I would expect to pay much more for what you get. I almost chose the cloud II, but because Im using it on xbox/windows pc, they both have windows sonic, so surround sound check. The cloud alpha is also newer, is built with premium materials and has newer/better speakers. And I love the in-line volume/mic control and good cord material. The underside of the headband feels like soft fragile material, so worried it might crack or wear down over time, so well see how it holds up. If your budget is $100, get this! If its more, expect to spend over $200 to get anything better. My friend has the cloud stinger (part of the reason I gave it a try), and he also approves. Seems like a solid brand overall!
Did alot of research for a good headset for my ps4, this checked all the boxes for me.
no problems great design and quality
Good sound, light weight, seems very durable.
So far product feels sturdy have not tested sound yet but it feels good premium packaging quailty.
I liked every single thing about this headset!! It’s just not loud enough. When I was playing fifa 19 for the ps4, I turned the volume all the way up it sounded kind of bad like the pitch was too high.
The best and most comfortable of other headsets in its price range. The best part is the more you wear it, the better it feels over time. Sound is crisp, i can hear enemy footsteps alot easier. I had the HX Cloud 2s for 3 years before this one, never had any issues with them. If the 100 bucks doesnt hurt the bank, go for it. They will last a long time.
First off i am going to say that i have only had one other pair of gaming cans prior to the HyperX Cloud Alphas and these blow them out of the water. I have nothing bad to say about these cans, they have great sounds and now i can actually use their amazing spatial awareness to hear where enemys are in game. The only little problem i had was that the ear pads were not thick enough which cause my ears to touch the plastic covering the drivers. This got a little uncomfortable after long play sessions. This was quickly fixed with the Brainwavz HM% Velor Memory Foam Ear PAds which i was going to buy anyway(By the way they are amazing).
AMAZING! Detachable mic. Easy volume and mic switch on braided cord. Solid snuggle feel. Head and ear cushions makes this one of most comfortable headsets i ever bought. Could get warm after some use but that’s okay, just let my ears air out for a bit. Sound takes some getting use to if you didn’t have a good headset. I can hear loud footsteps and gunshots in Rainbow Six siege, Battlefield 4 & 1, Halo 5, & Fortnite. There are sounds i could now appreciate more that I didn’t notice before. Now I won’t get owned so badly in R6 Siege, i feel everyone owns a good headset but me. If you feel that way.. BUY the CLOUD ALPHAS! If you see it on sale less than $100. BUY! BUY! BUY!
This headset looks amazing, and feels like a cloud on my head. But that being said I feel like for a $100 the sound just isn’t what it should be. The sound is good not great though. 4/5
Good headset son loves it.
Great all around. Just wish there was a separate mic and game volume wheel. Super comfortable and built with quality. 5/5 if there was 2 volume wherls
works ok,  seems durable, well monitor its longevity
I like how clear and crisp I can here when playing COD and PUBG. I like how bold those dual chambers make everything sound.
My son chose these, bought them with is own $ and loves them!  Great sound and comfort.
Best headset I’ve ever owned. The comfort is beyond amazing. Ears don’t go numb and I don’t have a big red mark on the top of my head after long use. The quality of sound and noise cancellation is amazing. Will never own another brand!
Very good noise cancellation, high sound quality, but a bit heavy after a couple hours
Hyper X is the best gaming headsets out there. I highly recommend. Love the color of the hyperx/cloud9 edition.
They have good audio, are very comfortable and better than the cloud 2.
I would just like to say I have had this headset for over a year now, and they are still going strong. They are sturdy comfy the sound and mic quality are the best you get get for this price in my opinion. Before I got this headset I ordered and returned a lot and spent a lot of time reading about different brands and reviews. After years of looking my search is over I will only get these if anything happens to mine. They are the best!
very good
dual chamber technology is good
I bought these because my Astro A50’s would create an echo sound when I was chatting on my Xbox One, which annoyed me and others. The HyperX Cloud Alpha’s have better build quality than my A50’s. I don’t get the exact same audio quality as my previous headset but compared to what I payed for these, it was worth it.
Bought as a gift for a streamer and he loved them
Great HeadPhone as a price. I loved mid and high tones
Love these headphones! Sound is good and the mic works well. Pretty comfortable!
Great sounding headset with a great mic. However, they start to hurt my ears after about an hour. The ear pads are a bit too thin. I had to buy a thicker ear pads and now this headset is perfect. Dont buy these if you have big ears unless you are willing to spend extra money for a thicker ear pads.
Perfect for online gaming and chat. Like that there is only a single cord from controller to headset. Only complaint is that after awhile is makes my ears sore from wearing. Could benefit from slightly larger ear cup size- however this is only a minor issue and shouldnt be a factor in your purchase decision.
It’s been about a month and I have all I got to say Is it still Lives up to the hyper X standards Comfortability excellent audio excellent all-around compatibility excellent I recommend this to anybody who plays on any Console or PC
No difference between these and the regular hyper-x cloud headphone and these other than the brackets are red and they dont come with the splitter you need to hook up to a ps4 controller.
Fits nicely on head, easy setup, minimalist layout and long chord. Would recommend
Very nice sound quality, lightweight
The sound is very clear and in my opinion it is perfect
Took some time to setup, but works well and has great sound. Had the Cloud II before these and they were great as well; had some small issues with Cloud II but enjoyed them, so I opt for these guys since they are pretty similar other than the USB difference
Best headset Ive ever owned. Better build quality than "Turtle Garbage" Very happy.
Wow, where to start. The headset is super comfortable. No issues wearing for hours on end. Its built solid and feels like it will give me years of use.  The headset has no surround sound but it still carries great audio. Im able to hear and pinpoint footsteps and movement. Voice audio sounds great.  Mic is clear with no distortion. Detachable mic and cord, nice little carry case. All in all Im happy with my purchase and would highly recommend for anyone looking for a headset under $100 that has great audio/mic, is comfortable as hell, and is of great build quality.
A good comfortable fit on my head and adjusts to my ears comfortably. The microphone does not seem awkward and it picks up really well. I can hear footsteps approaching from the next room on these! The plug in has no hiss and the sound is clean, a real good investment for gamers. Plus, I do think the price is reasonable for this kind of quality.
We are long-time users of HyperX Cloud headphones.  In addition to this new set we also own several pair of the .  Like our older HyperX headphones, these new headphones deliver excellent sound under just about any circumstances.  We pretty much do everything online in our household.  We play games, watch video, live stream gaming and hobby video, video chat, tutor online and much more.  These headphones are very versatile and work well across multiple platforms.  We use them with Win PCs, Macs, PS4s, Xbox, electronic musical instruments and portable devices.  Different uses have different needs and these headphones sound very good in pretty much any situation.  During gaming, they not only have excellent sound effects and but provide really good ambient sounds as well.  Thats very important for setting the mood and allowing better immersion into the game and also when trying to detect or sneak up on opponents in multiplayer games with stealth.  They have excellent bass and treble response for listening to music.  They also sound good on both ends when used for video conferencing or live streaming. Ive learned from past experience that HyperX headphones are very durable and reliable.  We have two sets of the above linked HyperX headphones that weve owned for nearly three years.  They both still work well, feel very comfortable, sound great and the flexible boom mic is still firm and adjustable.  By comparison, prior to receiving those HyperX headphones, my son owned a pair of Sennheiser high-end gaming headphones with a street cost at the time of $250.  They stopped functioning right after the 2-year warranty expired which was really disappointing considering the high price.  They were replaced with the above HyperX Cloud headphones which my son said sounded better and they have lasted three years so far without a single problem.  These new HyperX Alphas have great sound and comparable build quality.  Hopefully, reliability is just as good as well. These headphones may require a short break-in period for full comfort.  This new set is a little more stiff than the older set but they otherwise feel identical as far as comfort.  Once they get broken in and softened up a bit, they feel great and can be worn as long as desired without discomfort.  Ive watched my son get into marathon gaming sessions with his friends for hours wearing his HyperX headphones.  He doesnt experience any comfort issues at all, even if he games most of the day.  About the only initial drawback is that the pre-installed cable is a bit short.  Like our HyperX set, the 3.5 mm cable is braided and detachable but the new Alpha cable has inline controls.  Although the tangle-free braided cable is nicely made, its pretty much useless as-is unless you like sitting two feet away from your television or monitor.  Thankfully, a nearly 7-foot extension cable is included.  The extension cable is also braided, so it never tangles despite the two combined cables being nearly twelve feet long.  The cable can also be easily swapped for a different cable altogether if desired. Obviously, we are very satisfied with our prior HyperX purchases and so far, we like this new Alpha Pro headset a lot.  Youll be hard-pressed to find a set with comparable sound, quality, comfort and reliability at this price point.  Weve used everything from budget headphones to high-end with costs ranging from under $40 up to $300.  HyperX has proven to be the best bang for the buck over the years.  Sound, comfort and reliability match or exceed other branded headphones weve owned costing 2-3 times as much.
Overall this headset offers great sound for gaming and music. I upgraded from the HyperX cloud I because they were old, but I wanted another comfortable headset. I would recommend buying some velour earpads from HyperX because they are 10x more comfortable than the included leather earpads. Pros -Good bass and treble for music -Excellent sound for gaming and good sounding mic -Comfortable -Long braided cable Cons -Carrying case is just a nylon bag that does not offer much protection -Only includes one set of earpads
I havent heard from my mom since morning. Surround is not that bad. Its really cheap ngl
Nice headset
