The headset itself is great! And has great sound quality. However the mic stopped working and I have had it for barely 2 months and Ive rarely used it.
Very sad because this head set was limited edition and went flat six months in when i tried to order a replacement they could not replace my pretty pink one because it was limited edition very unfair because i spent 110 dollars to purchase this in order for it to not last and also my ugly black replacement one also broke 1 month in with the mic going out completely i still use it now one year in but i use my yeti mic to communicate so when purchasing limited edition things like this to match with your pink or white aesthetic keep in mind that it will break and you wont get the same one back only the ugly black one
Head line literally says it headset literally doodoo. Feels like I got on visual effects on fortnite. Wouldn’t recommend this headset for anyone at all
Product is good at first but breaks within a month, It already doesnt stay on my head correctly, Id like a refund but they wont give one now. $100 headsets should last longer than this
The cable connecting the headset to the computer is split into 2 pieces. The first piece is just a cord with a 3.5mm jack, which connects into the second piece that contains volume/mic control and ends in the usb port that connects to the computer. That second part of the cord is Chinese-tier garbage that wears out very quickly which causes audio crashes and utterly wreaks havoc on your computer. The fix to this was to buy a splitter for the 3.5mm cable and cut out the second half of the cable system. It works now that Ive cut out the garbage cable, and the sound quality is quite good. But seriously, dont support a company that sells you half of a product when there are a billion better headsets out there.
If youre looking for lifestyle headphones not just for gaming, read this. My purchase was Alpha Cloud 9 (blue ). I was sold into hyperxs claims for quality and had high expectations. I was excited to test them out, but I was immediately disappointed by its quality of audio. Allow me to explain: 1. These headphones are set at 65 ohms, which means more power required and less volume output. Generally speaking, you want ohms to be at 20-50 for anything besides PC gaming (iphones, switch, laptop, etc). These headphones are 20% quieter on everything: my PS4, mac, switch, you name it. But thats not the least of my issues. 2. Most HyperX owners have complained about quietness and bad built-in EQ settings. My experience has been no different, even with Boom3D and a USB adapter. These headphones are much less immersive because the speakers make the sound narrower by design. The "dual-chambers" seem to split the audio (bass and trebble), and in that process, there is a noticeable loss in sounds and sound quality. The mids are very damp, and the fine ends of bass/trebble seem to be compressed so much that they disappear. As a result, you might not hear an enemy behind you or subtle tones in a variety music/sounds. I am therefore concluding that these headphones destroy audio in order to utilize their "dual-chamber" sound. Think of it this way: bass/trebble are competing, and mids are caught in the crossfire because the headphones have no idea which driver to place the audio in. It sounds like youre in a tunnel of concrete at times because the full sound may not be fully heard (birds, grass, creaks, etc). I also notice that directional sound appears to be worse because you cant hear these quiet differences. 3. Many users have complained about the USB adapter creating muffled chat because of its noise cancellation. I used my old SADES adapter on my PS4 to avoid this which turned out to work just fine.  The mic is a bit stuffy to others but decently clear. 4. It has to be said: exposing the wires on top of the headphones is a sure-fire way to break them. NOBODY else does because its a risk not worth taking. After seeing many other brands, the only reason hyperx made them is to look different. Well buddy, I hope they never accidentally snag because one tug is all it will take! 5. I tested these headphones with FLAC audio from an EAC rip. (In other words, very high quality audio). They add a bit more depth to some music, but I have the same issue of losing subtle tones in music (usually mids, deep lows and upper highers, aka "the ends"). EQ helps adjust the difference, but it still was not as immersive as my old SADES. 6. Watching Netflix with these headphones was difficult to enjoy. Voices were in the background, music was always too loud (I had to turn it up to hear voices), and you need a good EQ to hear conversations well. They are comfortable to wear for hours, but will get noticeably more hot than my old SADES (has less material in the leather). 7. More about games: Ive tested The Last of Us RM, Call of Duty BO3/4,  Mario Maker 2, Xenoblade Chr 2. For some reason, they sound great on the switch. But for my PS4 (regardless if its in the controller of my USB), the sound losses some quality and quieter. You may miss hearing an enemy behind you, gunshots are LOUD, and sound effects can be crinkly instead of crisp (like theyre in a thick tunnel). Once again, less immersive than my SADES except for mario maker 2. Xenoblades music and voices tend to struggle with these headphones even after adjusting in-game settings. Music feels damper, voices struggle to pick up sometimes, and the effects arent as loud almost like theres something squeezing the sounds ability to travel cleanly. I really wanted to like HyperX, but I am not sure what all went into the design decisions here. If youre in HyperX, please have the design team test out competing brands and how different platforms handle it (Spotify, switch, PS4, Netflix, youtube, etc). TLDR: If you want rich quality audio for everything (music, movies, games, phone, etc), keep looking for something at 20-50 ohms. HyperX has had issues with being too muddy/quiet since cloud 1. This issue CANNOT be fixed with a USB adapter or EQ apps, but it may help mitigate the problem. I am currently considering Dylan lossless hi-fi, Edifer, H840, and Corwin headphones.
i bouth this headset about 6 months ago.  It worked well until the last month or so.  The mic now has a horrible echo for other people in my party chat.  Wiggling the mic for a better connection helps, but only for 1 or 2 mins, then its right back to a loud echo.  Its so bad I cant party up with others while using this headset.
After many hours of updating drivers and trying different things. Mic does not work (Windows 10). I have given up on using these and going back to cheap headphones that I can just plug in and they work. Looking around, this is a common problem with these headphones so I cant recommend this brand of headphones. I will use these when I dont need a mic.
Did not last half year. Light wear. Would not recommend.
sound broke, less than a year old.
These a very cool bought then for my son but cord broke after 5 months
I purchased this head set based on the good reviews it had received. The head piece is fine, but not all that great. The mic on the other hand is just terrible. When recording using the Mic, it sound like an old phone from the sixties. If you want this for listening via a headset, then ok, but not for serious recording or use for YouTube streaming.
Comfortable, can hear okay but not nearly loud enough for gaming
I bought this item one year ago exactly, my friend had told me HyperX was a good brand and were reliable, but within the first 6 months, the mic stopped working completely. I thought this was a pain but decided to buy a separate mic as they did not sell replacements. I continued like this for a while until a few days ago the right ear cup stopped producing any sound. This makes it very difficult in games to understand where the opponents are. I am very upset and wanted to return it but it seems its too late to return the product. I am very upset and will not buy another HyperX  headset again. Considering how expensive this product was/is, i am thoroughly dissapointed in a brand i thought i could rely on.
I ordered 2 of them, while I was able to get them to work on a cell phone, I was not able to get the mic to work on any of the 4 Windows 10 computers that I tried them on. Too bad because they look very nice and feel comfortable. The customer support guy I talked to was trying to tell me that all the computers were not up to date, but Im always checking to make sure that Windows is up to date and when I went to check it said it was in fact up to date, also made sure the audio driver was up to date as well.
Just got these today to replace my old headset, sound quality was awesome but the microphone didnt work no matter how many times i unplugged/replugged everything. Also these seem like theyre closed back, but in game audio bleeds heavily from the 5 holes on the tops of each earcup, so even if my mic did work, theres no doubt gameplay audio would get picked up by the microphone constantly unless i keep myself muted all the time. A bit of a bummer because these are well built, super comfortable and have great sound quality, but i dont have patience for headsets that have problems like what i just experienced right out of the box. Hopefully the cloud 2s are true closed back with no audio bleed.
Fresh out the box they worked for about 10-15 minutes.. then the microphone crapped out and never worked again. Very disappointed
The headset had good noise cancellation and great sound quality, but my ear would get very hot over time and got very uncomfortable after an 1 or 2. Plus my friends said the mic would often have a static sound or echo
Id like to preface this with the fact that this is the first non-USB, non surround sound headphones Ive used. With that being sad, I can not recommend these for gaming on a computer. For the price, and the reputation of the company with peripherals,  I was expecting more. While these are possibly the most comfortable headphones to wear, I had multiple technical issues. First, the microphone was extremely quiet to other people, and to windows, according to the microphone test in the options. After trying to fix this issue for approximately two hours, I was fed up and ended up just increasing my volume in Discord.  Second, if I were to watch a video the audio would be played through my microphone, the option to "listen to this device" was not checked, and my drivers were up to date. I could not find a fix for this issue, but found a few posts on the HyperX reddit detailing the same issue with no response for a fix, even from moderators. (I realize the reddit is probably not used by the company and is in no means a representation of customer support) I really wanted this to be a good pair of headphones, ones that could give a slight edge in games where sound is key, and while the sound was good, it was not great. The $25 pair of headphones I am currently wearing were equal to, or slightly worse than these for a quarter of the price. Sound Quality: 4/5, but nothing special Comfort: 5/5, could wear these all day (may be a snug fit on bigger heads) Durability: N/A, did not have longest enough to test this but they seem quite sturdy
This is nothing but a downgrade over my original HyperX Cloud headset that I bought these to replace. Nothing wrong with my current headset, it was just several years old and showing some wear and tear. These are actually worse than those original Clouds. The sound isolation is far, far worse, to the point of offering almost no sound isolation at all. Best guess that lack of sound isolation is due to the different ear-pad material and the fact that there are several small hole at the top of each ear cup. What purpose those holes serve I have no idea, but I do know they allow sound to leak out of the ear cups, so that means they are allowing sound to leak into the ear cups as well. The clamping force is almost non existent as well. This adds even more to the lack of sound isolation. The ear-pads are not maintain a tight seal and I can hear the difference if I physically press them tighter against my head. The removable cable creates the same issue that every headset with a removable cable has. It transfers the vibrations of the cable rubbing against your shirt into the ear cup. A hardwired connection doesnt transfer those vibrations as much to the point where they are as noticeable. But when you have a removable cable, the socket and metal connection amplify those vibrations. Not a huge deal, and I knew this before I made my purchase, but its important to point out as I am comparing how they are worse than my original Clouds. I have not been able to test the mic quality with a third party yet but testing the mic for picking up that sound leakage I mentioned earlier, its really bad. Running a recorder and playing a song in the background, the song is clearly picked up through the microphone and thats why my volume at only 48%, which is where I run it at all times under normal conditions. I did not have this issue with my original Cloud headset. I am finding no benefit to the advertised "dual chamber" design. They sound no better than my original Cloud headset, but at least they sound no worse. A final parting thought, while I appreciate that the inline control is smaller than the original, the new one is obvious garbage. I guarantee the volume wheel will be the first point of failure on this headset. Especially since they put it so close to the ear cup that its basically designed to get bumped around by the user. I cant tuck it away safely on my desk like I could with my original Cloud. Edit: Lowered to 1 star as Ive determined what the holes at the top of the ear cups are for. They lie and bill this headset as a closed back design, but as I mentioned before it doesnt have the sound isolation like it should as a closed back headset. Well its because of those holes. Compounding that issue is the drivers used in this headset sound terrible if you convert it into a closed back design by plugging those holes. I put a piece of electrical tape over each row of holes on the ear cups. It helps with the sound isolation, but made them sound terrible. The original clouds are fully closed back and sound great. Like I thought, the whole dual chamber design is a gimmick. The drivers theyre using are simply garbage compared to what they used previously when they were really just slapping their branding on a headset made by someone else. You can test what Im talking about without using tape. I have a fan running in my room, so its easy for me to notice the sound isolation. With these Alphas on, if I run my fingers along the top to block those holes, the sound from my fan drops significantly. You can run that same test if you dont want to stick tape on them. But doing so reduces the sound quality. I can hear the bass drop in the song I was listening to. Edit 2: There terrible placement of the in line controls means it smacks into my desk the second every time I take the headset off. Its at that perfect, terrible, height to ensure that the second it comes off your head it will hit whatever is around you. Its at a terrible height when youre wearing it too, you have to lift your hand up off your desk and bend your wrist to reach near your left nipple. The original cloud had the inline controls far enough away from the headset that it could rest on your desk. Which was perfect because it was all of 2 inches from your hand if you needed to adjust something. While some people may not like that, if they wanted to keep it up off the desk it would better if it was up closer to your collarbone. Its a more natural position to reach for. If you simply bend your arm at the elbow, like doing a curl, your hand comes to rest near your collarbone. It would be more comfortable to reach and wouldnt smack on your desk the second you take the headset off.
These headphones are very good. The sound quality is phenomenal, the microphone is okay sounding, and the headphone looks nice. The problem is that these headphones begin to hurt my head after not even an hour of use. Whether its my ears or the top of my head, it really hurts. This is very odd as I am a fourteen-year old boy so my head cant be that big, so it must be a question of build quality.
Sounds is unbeatable for gaming and music. The comfort of the cloud IIs are not here though. Why, not sure. These weigh more and hurt your ears after an hour or a little less, not good when gaming in long amounts. If Kingston could QA all headsets with a comparison test to the Cloud IIs for comfort, they will make better.
We ordered for our sons birthday. It came and the sound was muffled.So we returned it for a replacement and the second one came and only one ear worked. We are confused because my older son has had the same pair of ear phones for a year with no problems. We are trying another pair. Maybe third time time is a charm?
As much as it pains me to leave a 3 star review on these headphones, what with their solid build quality and ease of use...the sound keeps cutting out while plugged into my PS4 controller. Ive switched controllers, charged them back up to full power, reset my console, unplugged the headset, untangled the cord, kept the cord and its connections perfectly solid by not moving around and still the sound cuts out. I plugged them into my phone, to my PC, and a friends Xbox One and they all sound great, just not on the console I have all of my games on. First the good - Build quality - Ease of use - Comfortable - They worked great on every other device besides my PS4 Now the bad - Sound cuts out(at least in my case) - Stereo sound is not that great(For a $100 you should be getting Surround Sound, not having to purchase a separate USB adapter for $30) - They worked great on every other device besides my PS4 Overall, I think this is just a one off. I just wanted to make sure any PS4 users were wary. Kingston is a great quality brand, for me though Im gonna stick to my old headset.
dont put your expectations so high because you are not buying a high-end headset the bass in it is decent everything in it is very good but its not great except the ear cups the ear cups are as comfy is they say in youtube
The sound stage was pretty bad, the head phones sound pretty low quality vs what Im currently using. I mainly play RB6 Siege and run audio-technica open back headphones with  a mod mic, thought Id try these cause the current set ups cords are long AF. I had cloud IIs before and enjoyed them before going open back... hard to return to a close back headphone.
The headset is comfortable and the sound quality is good. When I maxed out the volume on the headphones and my PC, it was still very soft.I checked with speakers and another pair of headphones to confirm that the issues is with these headphones and not just some volume setting on the PC. The headphones work on my phone (they have a good range of volumes), so I am guessing it is something to do with the drivers on my PC and how they interact with these particular headphones. The main reason I am leaving a 2 star review is the terrible technical support I received when I tried to resolve the issue. I wanted help troubleshooting and the support representative kept taking over 5 minutes between responses and immediately asked me to mail back the headphones instead of helping me troubleshoot. After I got disconnected I had a similar experience with a second representative. This one decided that the issue must be with the Y-splitter cable (despite this cable working fine when just the audio jack was plugged into my phone), but wanted me to send back the whole headset instead of just sending me another $2 cable. Both representatives were more interested in getting me off the line than helping me resolve the problem. I still dont know if the issue is with the headphones or my drivers; I am continuing to troubleshoot on my own. But I would recommend a different brand as you wont get decent service help if you have issues with your order from HyperX/Kingston.
These are a HUGE, and I mean HUGE step up from the Cloud Core/II in audio quality (as well as volume levels while directly connected to the Dual Shock 4). Theyre very similar in sound quality to the more expensive Hyperx Revolver, but I found the Revolvers highs to be too sharp and they hurt my ears after an hour or two of music or gaming. The highs on the Alphas are very clear, but theyre not harsh, and theyre definitely not being overpowered by the bass, which is very very satisfying. I used these to listen to rock music, watch tv/movies, and play Destiny 2 and they excelled at everything I threw at them. Oddly enough their impedance level is as high as the Cloud 2, but instead of being low-volume directly connected to the Dual Shock controller, these have very satisfying volume levels. Another huge plus for me is the detachable cable. I have a few V-Moda cables that I love and they work perfectly in this headset. And yes, you can toss the Hyperx mic and use the Boompro if you feel like it. *edit* Lowered score for two big reasons: Mic stopped working (yes its plugged all the way in) and more importantly - the soundstage is cramped worse than any headset Ive ever used. I switched back to my old Hyperx Stingers and the soundstage on those (cheaper) headphones were much wider.
So right out of the box the splitter packaged with the headset didnt work and it wouldnt pick up both the mic and headphones. I order another splitter thinking it was would just be a mild inconvenience but not the worst thing in the world if not for the fact that the microphone itself then died after only about a month of use. The sound quality of the headphones are alright but at this point Im left with just a pair of headphones and at this price most other options would likely sound better.
I really didnt know what to rate this.  3 stars might be too high honestly.  Let me say this first, I have returned this product twice.  Both being because the mic went static and never fixed for some random reason.  Its very comfortable and the audio is amazing.  the mic sounds great too, but it doesnt sound great when the mic goes static and never fixes.  I really wanted to like them, but the mic was the only thing holding me back.  And thats an essential thing for me.
1. The left side of the headset had no audio at all, not with my ps4 or iphone. 2. The audio I could hear from my ps4 wasn’t loud AT ALL even when I turned the volume all the way up on both my ps4 and headset 3. Even if it did work perfectly they are super uncomfortable. They feel kind of like my old $40 turtle beach headset I am getting a refund for sure and buying a different headset.
These headphones sound great, but the sound from the headphones bleeds into the mic. Its not a problem for me since I dont hear that, but if Im playing games with anyone online, they can hear the noises from my computer on the mic. Ive looked through a lot of forums and it appears that this is a common hardware issue with no fix.
I have the cloud 2 as well. The cloud 2 seems to be more comfortable and I didnt realize it at the time but these use an AUX connection, not USB and can get a lot of interference from the PC. Id recommend the Cloud 2 over these.
my ears are touching the drivers, red ears and hurts when i touch them after i have the alphas on for more then 2 hours
The sound is great and the mic quality is very good too, but the problem  with this headphone is that they make the peds too thin it hurt ur ear after u wear them for a while,and the headphone itself its kind of heavy, its a pretty good headphone, but it could be better
hurt my ear but good for other people
after a few days I noticed how painful my right ear would be, ear woulod touch the driver on the Inside.  Cant use it over 30 min before the pain starts.  I have the Hyper X cloud X which are way more comfortable ill stick with them and not the Alpha
Sounds great, but the mic doesnt work and thats one of the main reasons why I bought it
mic and right ear broke after a month of using it. for no reason. randomly broke
I really liked it until the audio on the left side of the headset became significantly quieter than the other side. I have treated the headset well and I have not even had it for 4 months so for the price it is not worth it.
Mic came DOA. Everything else works though.
Very bad on the sound!!!!! I can’t hear anything!!!!
We purchased this headset for my grandson to use with his PS4. When the first one arrived and did not work, we returned it in exchange  for another one as we assumed the one we received was just bad. Unfortunately the second one we received did not work either. His online game players could not hear him as the microphone did not seem to work on either one we received. We eventually returned this, got a refund and purchased a different headset for him which he loves.  Now with that having been said, this item did arrive by the expected delivery date.
This headset had minimal use and stopped working. I had it checked by a professional which cost me a service charge to be told it is non functional. This was a Christmas present so this product is 2 months old and has very much disappointed my son because I am unable to replace it for a long while.
Dont get these as an all around voice chat, gaming, music headset. I got one for xmas and the headset is decent has okay sound, is a bit flat (I like bass and these dont provide it well). The ear cups are very comfortable and the unit itself is well designed. It can be worn for long periods of time with minimal neck fatigue. Unfortunately, the first unit I got suffered from crosstalk where any output played from my computer would play through the input even when the mic was muted. Amazon and Kingston both owned up and offered a replacement. I chose to replace through amazon because it was just easier. Well Im using my second unit now and it has the same crosstalk. I was stupid and got rid of the packaging so Im kind of stuck with them now. Ill use the headset and buy a yeti for a mic.
I am very unhappy with this headset. The first one only worked for a day, the 2nd one a few weeks. Very expensive and DOES NOT HOLD UP. DO NOT BUY!
Whats good: The mic is clear and very sensitive.  The headset is light and feels well made. There isnt much clamp force compared to other products ive used like the G933 and Turtle beach x22. Whats bad: The ear cups are very small.  Long gaming sessions will undoubtedly leave your ears red and irritated from touching the driver.  There are aftermarket solutions, but honestly you should consider other options if you plan to do game for long periods of time. Spending an additional $35 dollars on HM5 earpads may put you in another price bracket.
The build quality of this product is very good and solid. I dont feel like I would ever break them unless I was being stupid. The sound quality is great for music and movies but having to use a soundcard for surround is not ideal and make things sound horrible. The big issue with this product and why I am returning it is the insane amount of crosstalk that happens because it uses a 3.5mm splitter as its connection to your PC. Even with minimal volume everything happening on my computer was coming through the microphone output, even with it muted and completely removed. If you plan to use this headset just for music or movies its great but for games or even any VOIP functionality it is not recommended at all. Im not sure how they can sell this as a gamming headset when even just talking with my friends over discord isnt even possible unless I completely mute everything.
Super uncomfortable headset. Ears got super red after couple hours of wearing. Sound is good though
Picked these up the HyperX Alphas last night, excited to upgrade from a old Turtle Beach headset I have had for the past 2 years. Plugged them into my pc and noticed right away that the sound was a nice improvment.  Also the headset was comfortable, now time for the bad... I spent 2 hours trying to get the microphone to work right. It hardly picked up my voice and had massive echo/static with ZERO noise cancelation. I use Discord with friends and all they could hear was the echo of themselves talking and the full sounds of our game echoing back to them even on a lower headset volume.  It was almost as if the mic would cancel out my voice put transmit anything coming out the headset.  I am pc/audio savvy but for the life of me unable to get these headphones to work correctly. After 2 hours of testing, I switched back to my turtle beach and everything worked as it should on the same setting versions I was testing the Hyperx Alpha with. I am extremely disappointed and returning these first thing today.
I loved the Alpha but after a hour would hurt you ears would poke on driver and hurt me got the 2s and much more comfortable
Microphone doesnt work at all no matter what. Boosting mic levels, boosting mic volume, different ports, different computers, consoles. The mic couldnt do anything but produce some static. Kingstons recommendations ranged from making sure the cable was plugged all the way in and the mute button wasnt on. Neither of these were the issue. Ive had the HyperX Cloud 2s since 2015 and had major issues with their small 7.1 sound card. I ended up replacing it with a long aux cable and headphone/mic splitter and have enjoyed the headset since. The fact that theyre still having issues with the basic functions of a headset is mind blowing.
The microphone never did work. Im returning it.
I am writing this review on my experience with this product. Before I bought this I had heard allot of good things about HyperX headsets. So I decided to get this headset. I have been using it for about three months as I type this review. But things did not go so well with it. Here are the pros and cons and my conclusion. Pros: - It has great sound: I listen to music, watch Movies/TV shows, and I do allot of Gaming with them. - They are vary comfortable: I use them for gaming mainly and I wear them for hours at a time. They feel great after many hours of use. - Detachable mic: it comes off vary easily and conveniently. I remove it when I am going to listen to music on my phone or when I am not going to use the mic. - Length of cord. The detachable cable is about 4 1/2 feet long and the extension cable is about 6 1/2 feet long. The Cons: - Sound bleed(major issue): I game allot with this headset and people kept on telling me they could hear the game through my mic. So I started to mess with my settings and sensitivity and I discovered that this headset has an issue with sound bleeding. Sound bleeding is also known as Sound Spill or sound leakage . If you dont know what sound bleeding is it is whereby sound is picked up by a microphone from a source other than that which is intended. - Mic sensitivity: (minor issue) Sometimes the mic can be overly sensitive. So be aware of the placement in relation to your mouth and nose. You dont want other people you are playing with or talking to hearing you breathing on the mic. - Volume Control: (minor issue) The placement of the volume wheel makes it so that you can accidentally move it or it can be moved when adjusting the cord. This has happened to me about 5 times, again minor issue. Conclusion/Recommendation: The headset is a solid headset overall but not for what I wanted to mainly use it for which was gaming. I really wanted to like this headset but the sound bleed is a major issue for me since I game allot with the mic. But for everything else it works fine. I would NOT recommend it because it is a gaming headset and it has major sound bleeding.
I really wanted to like this headset. The sound on it worked. But when I tried to plug in the mic it didnt work. I was disappointed. Im not sure if maybe it just doesnt work with laptops or not. But I was extremely mad that this didnt work.
I CANT BELIEVE IT. THE CHEAP ASS CORD BROKE WHEN I UNPLUGGED IT FROM MY MACBOOK ONCE. NOW THIS WOULDNT BE A PROBLEM IF THEY SOLD THE CORD SEPARATELY SO I COULD JUST BUY ANOTHER ONE, BUT THEY DONT. THEY DO NOT SELL THE CORD SEPARATELY. IM SO MAD I PAID $99 FOR SOME HEADPHONES WITH A CHEAP ASS CORD THAT BREAKS HELLA EASILY. WOW.
I recently bought the HyperX Cloud II when I found out the HyperX Cloud Alpha was available so I decided to purchase these and see which one was better. Based on reviews I read, the Alpha is supposed to be a clear improvement in every way. Unfortunately, this simply isnt true and heres what the reviews dont tell you: 1. The Cloud Alpha headband is much looser than the Cloud II and when you place it on your head, it drops down a notch quite easily from a little bit of movement and thus loses that snug feeling. 2. The drivers while slightly improved, arent really a huge step up from Cloud II but feel worse on your ears because of how the cups are designed. 3. Aesthetically, the red accent is ugly and the design look of this headset is a step back from Cloud II. 4. Last but most importantly, Ive noticed reviews said the 3.5mm connector of the headset can be replaced if it ever breaks BUT THAT IS A LIE because the connector is PROPRIETARY. The end that goes into the headset is thinner than regular 3.5mm connectors so they dont fit in this headset, I know because I bought an extra cable and it didnt fit. When I compared it to the one that comes with the headset, I noticed it was thicker so it couldnt fit into the recess and lock in. 5. As I mentioned above, this headset is simply not as comfortable for extended play like the HyperX Cloud II which makes the slight improvement in sound hardly worth it for extended play gamers. Overall, Im pretty disappointed with these, I think if they had stuck with the design and comfort of the original and used a STANDARD 3.5 mm connector, it couldve been a sure hit.
Comfortable headset, however, after less than 3 months of use no sound coming out of the right side. These were not even used everyday.
Good sound, good mic quality.  Fits a little tight on the ears (7 1/4 fitted hat head size), and the ear cup material makes me hot.
The mic never worked on this headset. I didnt bother sending it back because I had a better mic anyway. I just needed it for audio purposes. Now, not even 6 months later the audio in  the left ear stopped working. The headset is in perfect condition and Ive taken such good care of them. Products at this price point should not just break like this. I will never buy another HyperX Product. This is the first and last time.
Not enough padding on the drivers. Ear pads are not thick enough. Painful to wear after awhile. If you game for an extended period of time (>2hours) these will hurt your ears. They are extremely well built and feel amazing while only wearing for short periods of time. If I have a long game session, these begin to hurt badly.
Terrible headset. Only had it for a few weeks and friends are telling me the quality is terrible. Build quality is okay but, that doesnt outweigh the bad mic quality.
Decent head phones quality material and sound. However.. Im pretty bummed that I pay $100+ for a headset that has faulty wires. The mic/speaker splitter I have causes bad feedback in my pc along with issues in discord and other chatting devices. I almost returned this item, and I still may do so. I used my buddys usb connection one and it seems to fix the issues. I believe there is an issue within the 3.5 mm jack its self.
My pair, this new model with the inline mic, produces significant feedback.  Im using it for Xbox, I only have the AUX jack on my two controllers (factory & an elite), and having the ability to mute and adjust volume on cord was the main reason I selected this model rather than the hyperX Cloud that was released in 2014 Link: http://a.co/8y58L1U So, unless I go into the console menu and turn "mic monitoring" all the way down, I cant use them, and if I do that Ive effectively muted myself to the people on my "party"(chat on Xbox). Its very comfortable and well built, but the cord (which they dont offer yet as an item to purchase) is not good (as is indicated by other reviews here having the same problem with feedback (buzzing, hissing, etc.). hyperX has excellent customer service and will offer to exchange it but Im pretty sure Id get another of the same. Really frustrating as I wanted these to be my new everyday headphones.  * I just received these a couple days ago and have a couple more before returning them so if anyone had solved this issue feel free to leave me a comment.
I am by no means an audiophile or someone who knows much about sound quality in general, but these headphones just sound terrible. Theyre also rather uncomfortable, but its possible that would lessen with use. Ill not be using them long enough to find out.
If the Cloud Alphas had thicker ear padding options I would have definitely kept them. Unfortunately my right ear experiences pain after using these headphones for about an hour due to my ear touching the inside where the driver is. Ive used the Cloud 2s for a year before the Alphas, which had a similar problem but I could use them for a few hours before pain occurred. Everything else is great about these headphones: build, sound quality, microphone, etc. I really wished that I could have found a solution to keeping them.
I like the headset but the fact they made the headphone jack so you can never use a standard 3.5mm aux cable of any kind pisses me off. I misplaced the cable it came with so now unless I buy a $10 replacement directly from them or find the original it came with I have a paperweight. Is there any excuse for this? No, they designed it this way on purpose Im sure. Would have given it at least a 4/5 if I didnt see the obvious cash grab with how they made the socket impossible to use with most aux cables other than their brand.
I had the hyperx cloud cores. Thinking these would be an upgrade i was truly wrong. The headset hurts ears, the padding is not enough. The sound is barely better and for a 20 dollar increase they should have fixed the comfort problem
Faulty right out of the box, never had an issue with HyperX before so I guess just bad luck on my side.
I bought this for my husband to use with his windows 7 computer. For some reason, his Microphone and Headphone port on his computer do not work with this item. We apparently need to also purchase an additional usb connector that is not included or in stock currently at Amazon. Buyer Beware. The headphones seem nice but I might not be able to use them at all to see if they actually work before the additional product is in stock and sent to me. Make sure that this will work with your computer set up before purchasing!
Excellent sound, look, and versitility. The Cloud Alphas removable cables and mic are great features, and I loved the inline controls. There is one problem with the headset - it can be painfully uncomfortable. An hour play session left my ears throbbing for 20 minutes. Customer service said that something is in the works to improve comfort (changable earpads Im guessing), but nothing can be done right now. I had to return mine. Will be checking out the Cloud II or Steel Series Arctis 7. Hopefully HyperX can resolve the comfort issue with the Cloud Alpha.
I loved using my HyperX Cloud 2s and Ive used them since 2015, but then one day the right side of the headset died, so I opted to get an upgrade because the warranty only lasted for two years. I went through a lot of choices, even to the point of messing with the mod mic (which sucked in my experience). These headsets have a better sound than the Cloud 2s and are super comfortable. Apparently, people said it hurt to wear these over their ears, but the cups on these headsets are pretty thick so it shouldnt happen. Coming straight out of the box, it comes with some weird oniony smell on the cups, but if you can ignore it, its a nice headset to wear. However, dealing with the voice chat is pretty damn annoying. I use these with Discord and get pretty severe crosstalk from it (sound from your headphones going into your mic).  On Discord, theres a mic check function where it plays back your voice for you and the volume levels would hit levels where Im talking normally or get pretty close to peaking. For example, Id just play a video and friends on a Discord call would be able to hear my video pretty clearly. Its gotten to the point where theyd hear the sound of an AWP in CSGO. Ive tried a lot of solutions to remedy this: installed new realtek drivers, switched from front ports to my back port, messed with windows noise filtering and audio levels, and I even used the usb soundcard that came with my Cloud 2s (which should have SOME noise filtering), and it all ends up with some form of crosstalk. Im pretty fed up with ordering new headsets continuously so Im either going to return these or just deal with it (push-to-talk, yikes). If youre like me, and looking for a replacement for your Cloud 2s and you still like the HyperX build and brand, Id just go for the HyperX Cloud Core, its probably a more bang for your buck. If not, maybe Sennheisers, Logitech or SteelSeries, I have friends who bought those and are still pretty happy.
Not impressed despite the reviews.
The sound is great, the mic is great as well. The only real issue with these headphones is the driver placement and the eat pads. You can only wear these for maybe 45mins before your ears start to hurt to the point you will want to return these & buy something else. This is due to the padding not being firm enough which causes your ear to push against the driver walls.
Exactly what my son asked for Christmas. Unfortunately I thought I’d save $10 and order the refurbished pair. Not a good idea. The adapter was faulty and was not usable. But he did say he liked the way they felt on his head so we tried them on another device thinking maybe it was his computer. Same thing. Very bummed kid.
Only one knob that controls game volume and chat volume so a big red flag there
The one I got is opened before. The box contains wires is teared up, and all the labels are also ripped off. I dont know why am I paying $100 full price for a opened box product? Headset itself is comfortable enough but nothing outstanding. Sound performance is just ok for a gaming headset.
I bought these for my husband for Christmas. He loved them at first and then one day they just quit working. I dont see a refund this late in the game but if possible Id like a replacement
I love these quality is great but theres one small problem I wish Hyperx would fix and its the leather it uses makes your ears sweat a ton, wish they included some type of venting hole or other ear pads.
Returned immediately as two people on iOS and PCs were unable to hear most sounds clearly. Its hard to describe. In the context of Overwatch, footsteps could be heard relatively well, but voice lines were very faint and headshot noises were inaudible. I toggled Dolby Atmos support and it made no difference. Our other HyperX headphones have been great, so this was a big surprise. Replacement is going to be a
Audio Quality: Really good actually. The bass is about an average level. Its definitely there, but its not in your face, which for me as a gamer I really like. I do not spend time listening to music on headphones. Mids and trebles are really nice, I am going to have to give it up to this headset for how crisp everything sounds. Music is not the greatest on these headphones since there isnt any reverb (which is ideal for gaming) from the music naturally. Comfort: This is where my 3 stars comes from honestly. The headset is not tight on my head which is great when compared to the HyperX Cloud IIs. Those clamped on my head whenever I tried them on at my buddys house. The ear muffs on this headset are the real killer. I am used to open ear headphones and this does not feel open ear by any means. Sure my ear goes in the headset, but my ears are hitting the drivers (The speakers inside) and its quite rough. within about an hour, my ears were hurting. I had to invest $20 in to some Brainwavs HM5 Oval ear muffs to resolve this. Even with such a large aftermarket ear muff, my ear tops still touch the drives, but the good news is it doesnt hurt my ears and really ive forgotten that my ears touch the little bit that they do and this headset officially feels great again. I really do have to take 2 stars off for this as its a major problem. I come from using Neon Astro A40s from back in the day, so I like having my ears free and clear. Long gaming sessions are not bad either, I do feel some slight relief after taking this headset off, but nothing noticeable during. The headrest feels comfortable, no complains here. Quality: 2 Weeks in and the quality seems really durable for how I use my headset. I put it on and take it off and set it down, nothing harsh (as you shouldnt be harsh with your gear, all you angry gamers out there). If you are harsh with these, im not sure if they will withstand a beating. I love that everything is detachable and as an added bonus, the audio jack in the headset has a press fit ring around it in case you jerk the cord so it doesnt come out. Let me tell you, it really stays in there and is not an issue to unplug and plug in when you intend to, probably one of the better features ive seen on this design. Additional Comments: I used an Astro A40 Neon Headset before moving to this one after 6 or so years and its a change, but I got used to the change in about a week. I would recommend this headset in the future even when it becomes dated given that the quality of headset stays the same. It SEEMS like a worthwhile investment. Time can only tell that story for me. I personally do not use built in mics so I have nothing to say about that here. I would love to see an orange version of this headset, but I am a rare orange fan, so best of luck with that to me right? Would I recommend? Yes, under one condition. Be willing to buy different ear muffs if you dont like your ears touching the walls of the headset. (My ears do not buldge out, they are average, but I do have a smaller than average head.
Hey, I have been using my Cloud Alpha for sometime now and I simply love it. It has clear sound and my friends in chat (Discord VoiceChat) have noticed a significant improvement in mic quality since I upgraded from my old headphones. I use these headphones for other purposes too, namely listening to music and watching movies and they have never let me down. But there is one gripe, recently I lost the mic piece when I removed them for listening to some music and have been without it for the past week. I live in India (got the headphones as a gift from a relative in the US)  and there are no replacements available here making them useless for the main purpose I got them for. Hope HyperX see my review to help me improve my situation. Rating them 1 star to attract attention xD I would rate them a perfect 5 with the entire package and 4 stars for purposes other than gaming.
I like the headset works as advertised it is really tight on the head not very comfy for long hours imo.
Headset drivers touch ears and make for an uncomfortable wearing experience
Delivered on 10/15/2017 and today ( 12/4/2017) the mic functionality has stopped working mid-game. Ive tried toggling the mute switch, un/re-plugging the headset, and disconnecting/reconnecting the individual mic from the headset. None worked. I was using this with an xbox one controller in party chat when the functionally abruptly ceased to work. Audio still works through the ear pieces though.
These are a great pair of headphones, when they actually work. I have to return these soon for the second time because of the left ear cup becoming completely unresponsive. The first time the audio cable did not work properly and then completely stopped working. On the first and second pair of headphones if I stood up or any sort of movement the headphone audio would cut out and would not come back until you take out and re plug the audio cable. Will not purchase again any time soon. I gave it 3 stars for those reasons.
Mic doesn’t work. The day I bought it the headset sounded great, but the mic doesn’t work.
The controller that connects to the ps4 remote; And that also controls surround sound, game audio, and mic volume do not work after 5 seconds
I originally possessed a HyperX Cloud 2, of which worked beautifully, until I lost a wire that you cannot repurchase for some reason. When this one arrived, I was treated to abhorrent static in my headphones that would not desist no matter what I troubleshooted. Not only that, but many of my applications *coughDiscordcough* werent lining the return audio through my headset. Avoid with extreme caution.
Really good quality overall. Nice sound, nice mic quality and nice build quality but for me the headset started to hurt my ears after only 1 hour of use. Overall good headset but just felt uncomfortable for me.
I keep hearing what sounds like the headboard of a bed hitting against a wall whenever I play on my playstation at night
I have owned the HyperX Cloud IIs for a couple years and adore them. So much so that I wanted to upgrade to the Cloud Alpha for features like the detachable cable, the redesigned drivers, and the non-USB dependent noise canceling mic. Out of the box everything looked great, build quality is superb and the audio sounded brighter and clearer than my Cloud IIs. When I actually used them to play Overwatch for a couple hours however, it went downhill. First of all the noise canceling mic did not do much to cut out my roommate also speaking/playing a few feet away. Everyone could hear us both through just my mic. Second and more importantly, my ears touch the inside of the headphone mesh to the point of pain after an hour or so. This never was a problem with my Cloud IIs. Perhaps I have big ears? Either way, thats a deal-breaker if the mic was not already.
Very Uncomfortable for my ears, My ears actually have started to scab, cant wear for more than 2 hours without taking it off. Also When using discord, it makes everyone else in the call echo to the point where people cant stand being in a call with me. If i turn them down enough to where it doesnt echo, I cant hear them.
This was my first pair of HyperX headphones, overall really nice with one fatal flaw that makes me unable to recommend it. I have only tried it with the PC and have not tried the mic so wont comment about it. Lets start of with the good.The packaging is really nice and so are the materials used for the headset. Everything feels nice and solid without being too heavy. Coming from a previous pair of fully closed headphones the sound produced by the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pro is noticeably different (in a good way). It feels like it is open backed . It was a bit strange to get used to at first but once I did, it was great. The sound produced is really amazing for the price. The outer ear cup padding is nice and soft but does get warm after a while , as expected nothing too unbearable. Now unfortunately we have to move on to the one fatal flaw. I think it might be the dual chamber design but as a result the inner padding between the drivers and your ears are almost non existent. I cannot wear them for long periods of time without feeling extreme discomfort. After a while the drivers basically rub against your ears causing pain. I have never experienced this with previous headphones.If it was not for this I would have given it 5 starts and highly recommended it but unfortunately I cant. If I could I would return them. Maybe you are lucky and dont incur the same problem but for me it is an unfortunate pass.
2 Star Headset is great but the buzzing noise when playing with friends is messing up connected to controller just received today. Volume has to go all the way up to hear the game a bit.
The Mic keeps breaking got my second won two months ago this one lasted longer than last one. Very disappointed heared good things but so far not impressed.
Most uncomfortable headphones I’ve ever tried. They seriously crushed down on my ears. After only 15 min into a gaming session, my ears were in pain. In my opinion, the actual cans are so narrow and small. The memory foam did nothing to help soften the blow of completely smashing my ears down. Either my ears are much bigger compared to others or the headphones clamp down really hard. Not sure how others find them comfortable. I’m giving 3 stars because they do sound amazing. Really wanted them to work and fought against returning them. But I had to give in after I couldn’t take the pain anymore.
For a pair of headphones, they are pretty good. They sound nice and are pretty comfortable although my ears hit the inside of the ear cup and would hurt my ears after 30 mins or so. The microphone sounds good from what I am told but has a huge flaw. My friends can trigger my mic in discord and hear them self or if I am listing to something at a decent volume lv. So I would not recommend these overall. The cons outweigh the pros by to much.
First couple weeks I used these headphones, they were awesome. For the past week, every time I use them, there is a loud static buzz in my ears. Ive tried everything, uninstalling/reinstalling audio drivers, different ports/cables in my PC. I even get the noise when I use them with my xbox. Nothing helps, there is a loud static buzz that over powers any game sound. I dont know if this is a defect in mine or all, but I do not recommend this headset. Not only that, but it started happening right after the window to return them on amazon ended. Very disappointed in my first hyperX cloud headset, doubt I will buy another. Wasted $100.
Sound on PS4 very low,  mic does not work. Will be returning these.
I really wanted to like these headphones, i was so on the dual chambers, etc. Maybe they are not the best for the PS4, maybe I got a dud pair, but they hurt my hearing after 30 minutes of use. I used these at low volumes also, but the distortion was pretty bad. I have another headset from Klipsch, while not meant for gaming, my hearing is intact after hours of gaming.
My original HyperX Cloud just bit the dust so I ordered this after reading some headphone roundups/reviews specifically looking for an extra-comfortable headset.  Within an hour of putting this on, I noticed my ears were hurting.  I wondered if they changed the memory foam ear cushions that I loved so much on the original, so I decided to try putting the old pads on the new headset, even though they looked pretty identical (spoiler: they are).  But as I took the pads off the old headphones, I noticed that there was an extra layer of foam built directly into the earpiece that also covered the speaker.  When I took the pads off the new headphone, there was no such extra padding!  Turns out my (rather large) ears were rubbing up against the earpiece and, while there was enough total padding on the old ones to made that soft and comfortable, there is not enough in this new model.  I even explored unscrewing the old earpieces to see if I could swap out a faceplate or something for extra padding - no luck, as its all built tightly together. This wasnt some marathon gaming session - I was just working normally at my computer.  Im really surprised that these have a reputation for being so comfortable; I would have thought fellow large-eared people would notice this.  The memory foam pads are still great but if your ears are large enough to touch the interior wall, you will not be getting the luxury experience of the older model. Im returning these and springing for slightly-nicer headphones that are not HyperX.  Even after multiple different HyperX product failures (two consecutive SSDs and now these headphones), I was giving them the benefit of the doubt because they were so comfortable before.  This reduction in quality combined with increased price is just the last straw - Im done with HyperX as a brand.
They sound awesome BUT if youve got a big head like I do... Im 63" btw so its doesnt look huge but it presses against my ear in a weird way that makes it sore. So if youve got a big head dont get them but if youve got a normal sized head yah get them.
The sound is really bad and the ear pads are pressing my ears all the time I was really excited about this headphones but it was a waste of time
Purchased from gamestop because clerks felt it was the best on the market but felt they were just trying to meet a quota. Other reviews on Amazon stated ears become hot and sore really quick but I didnt believe them and wanted to try them for myself. Ive barely had them for 24 hours and used for an hour and a half of Fortnite gameplay now my ears hurt from discomfort and heat built up within 15-20 minutes. The audio quality was better on my phone than on my PS4. I hate to know I spent $100 and sound like a $60 headset from Wal-Mart on my console. I do not recommend this headset especially if you play for periods longer than 30 minutes.
Quality build, sound was good. however it was too tight on my head. The detachable mic makes it feel much more cheap over having a retractable one or one that folds up (I imagine it will break over time taking in off and on). My headset came with an odd latexy rubbery smell that i found unpleasant. The worst thing was you have to be at full blast mic settings in discord and friends have to turn me up on their end just to get to a somewhat acceptable level of sounds so they can hear me. This is terrible. I dont care if the mic blocks out other noise if this is such an issue.
Probably one of the best headsets I’ve ever tried as far as sound and comfort. But for whatever reason I could not get the mic to work with my Xbox. Tried everything and it still wouldn’t work so ended up returning it and went with a different brand instead.
Right out of the box the headset microphone wont work. The headset its self sounds fine but the mic wont pick up whatsoever. Went online to try and resolve the problem ( most people are saying to check the connectivity which i did ) but to no success. I tried emailing Kingston and they told me the wires arent thoroughly connected, which they are. I went on their live chat and they told me the exact same thing. So, no help from them. Just wasted 100 dollars on a pair of headphones that dont serve my needs what so ever. On the bright side they sound pretty good
I really want to like this headset but I constantly hear echoes & my friends tell me they can hear my mic cut on & off randomly. I bought (& returned) HyperX Cloud do to static noises every time I rubbed against the cord on the headset & unfortunately I may have to return these as well. Im hoping its just a defective pair but this is getting annoying. Its probably just bad random luck bc I hear great things about Hyper X but I spent the $100 on the Alphas with hopes all the issues from previous headsets would be fixed. Not sure what else to do but return them. EDIT!!!!! I no longer have static or echo issues but the biggest problem I have is that after minimal wear my ears start to hurt. I heard that Hyper X were giving out replacement ear pads but I have no idea how to get some. If I could get some comfy earpads then this would be an awesome headset for $100.
A little less padding on the headband as the Cloud 2s, a little uncomfortable but okay. Vent holes on top of the earcup for better bass lets more sound in
Something has broken in the wiring.  We are trying to contact the manufacturer to get a replacement, but since its out of the 30 day period, we may not have any success.
When I first received the item I was very satisfied. They looked great and felt amazing on my head, by far the most comfortable headset I’ve ever tried on. When I started to game I noticed that no sound was coming from one side of the headset, I tried many solutions but nothing worked. I love the headset but they’re useless if I can’t hear correctly. I would really appreciate a new pair but I haven’t heard anything from support.
My son loves the Hyperx headsets but the cord seem to short out very quickly. I thought by buying a set with replaceable cord would solve the problem. Bought theses used and sure enough they didnt work right out box. So thats why the low rating. To their credit Amazon refunded me with no problems
Cheap already broken
Had product for 6 months, cables have become some tightly tangled that the sound quality is now poor.
These are average headphones to me. Theyve been talked about in a good way on youtube. To me, the headphones are not terrible or they are not great. They get the job done for my PC gaming experience. For as the materials, im not sure. Im the one who takes of things and handle with care. So they are good on that note. If you looking to be wowed, you prolly need to spend over 250 bucks.
i do not place my headphones in any weird positions, do not take them out of the house, rarely even use them for any longer than a few hours at a time before/after work and less than 2 months in my headphones are broken in one ear. in the left side of my headset, awful quality for it to break so soon.
Read the glowing reports, bought it and delivered today. This headset comes with connectors that plug directly into the video card mic and headset ports. Plugged them in and nothing, no sound.  Went to windows sound settings and tried to change sound devices and Windows doesnt recognize the Hyper X headset.  Changed the mike and the audio to the only option I had which was the internal Realtek sound device and I was able to use the mike and the headset, but the sound was crappier then the $20 old headset I previously had. They say you can hook this up and have Dolby 7.1 surround sound if you purchase an add on for $29 that lets you hook this thing up USB... No thanks! Im packing this baby up and shes going back tomorrow!
Decent sound quality and they are comfortable enough to wear for extended periods. However, they worked for less than six months of gentle use. For what they cost I would expect better than that.
On my third replacement and it stopped working after a month.  Great product when working but unfortunately poor reliability
I didnt buy mine on amazon i got it from gamestop,but what i will say is if you buy this to use for a console be prepared to constantly trip over the excessively long cord.. Sound quality is fine, but its literally like a 10ft cord. Its ridiculous and annoying and it always gets caught on shit and ruins chargers i have plugged into my controller when it gets ripped off my desk. It would be cool if they made a way to shorten it but they just make it inconveniently long
Everything is perfect besides that the mic will pic up anything your listening too.
Love the design. Sound quality is the same as cheaper TB headsets. I did break the plug that goes into the controller fairly easily. Still not a bad headset.
The audio on this mic is good. It was a great headset until I realized how bad the mic is. The mic is echoey and picks up everything.
Constant static pickup on headset despite having a new splitter/3.5mm jack connector sent to me by HyperX themselves. This issue is not present when using the headset on a Google Pixel 2 or consoles. Either the build quality of the splitters suck or this headset is simply intended for console gaming and not PC. Its such a shame because the actual audio quality is phenomenal. But the static bleeds into my mic and eliminates Discord use altogether as a result.
It has only been a little over 6 months since my purchase, and the headset has malfunctioned. Ive tried all of the USB ports and different PCs. I am very disappointed in the durability of this headset comparing to the Cloud IIs.
They have a horrible echo and it is super annoying when I me or anyone else is talking.
I am so upset about this product as this was the second one I bought and neither worked.  I will never buy another electronic anything from Amazon.  I am retired and these cost me 100$
Hopefully its just a faulty set. It echos like crazyyyy.. Ill even have the mic turned off and still my friends are getting feedback from it.  Did everything I could through xbox to fix it, but no dice. Otherwise, the set feels good on my head after hours of playing. Ill update it when I get a new set Update: Got the new set, the echoing is fixed. I can actually hear where players are coming from. Still keeping it at 3 stars because I had to pay return shipping. I only had these for 2 months? I can see after a year having to pay, but thats pretty lame.
I bought this set a few months ago on a recommendation because I heard it was one of the most durable headsets on the market as well as had longevity.  Unfortunately 4 months into owning it, the cable started bunching up and ended up becoming exposed, I get static in one side of the ear piece unless I adjust the headset  its quite frustrating because I could have easily purchased a different headset, and now it feels like a dance trying to get ahold of Kingston to do a warranty claim.  Very frustrating, and I would recommend staying away from this one
I keep getting a small crackling noise when playing games which is really annoying. The headset itself is comfy and the sound is awesome except for that cracking noise Im getting.
This product sucked! I had it for 1 day after spending 100.00 on this and they just randomly stoped working. Don’t buy horrible deal.
The earcups need to be bigger. Overheats eats after a while.
AMAZING!! and very comfortable to wear!! UPDATE 7/6/18: Im having problems with them, my voice is so low even if I turn up the volume for the microphone.. and apparently theres a squealing noise in the background of my microphone too.. I dont recommend these. Started having problems a couple days after I started using them.
I am not as avid of a gamer as I used to be, but I enjoy getting online once in a while to play with my brothers. Communication, obviously, is the purpose. This headset was barely handled, and not mishandled in anyway since I opened the box. I use this headset either to play xbox late without using speakers, or to play and communicate with my brothers. The first time I got on to play with one brother, the microphone would not work. I went through all the hoops, adjusting volume, checking settings, plug and unplug, restart console, everything I could think of and the microphone would not pick up my voice. I got sound through the headset just fine, but no matter what I did the microphone would not work. I also plugged the headset into other devices, still no mic response. Very upset about this. I dont usually drop this much money on this kind of gear. Sound quality isnt that critical to me. Im not a hardcore gamer. I just wanted something that would work for the occasional times I am able to get online.
didnt get it cause it was damaged
Although the audio quality is great for these headphones (especially at the price), they do have a major glaring issue with people who use voice chat. Whenever I play a game and Im in Discord with friends, they can hear a lot of my games audio. This is due to the way that Kingston manufactures the Cloud Alphas. Supposedly they use a 4 pole connector which means that your speakers wire and mics wire end up touching a ground wire in the cord which in turn makes your headphone audio appear as mic input to your computer. So unless you want to mess with mic sensitivities in the settings for your voice chat app (which doesnt make the problem go away, but lessens it to an extent) I would recommend not buying this headset and I would probably avoid all wired headsets from Hyper X as well because they all are manufactured this way. I contacted Hyper X and they said that this was bad wiring in the headset so I sent them in and they sent me a new pair. The new pair had the same problem so I figured out why from Toms Hardware Guide. Dont buy Hyper X, go with a company that actually knows how to make headsets for gamers.
If you are looking at these go with the Clouds. Better sound stage and comfort. Mic is the same and quality is the same which makes we wonder why these even exist.
I ordered these as a gift and the microphone went out within one month. Amazon replaced them. The second set had the same problem. Microphone went out in less than 60 days. Not eligible for return. I could understand if I spent less than 50 on them, but 100 a pair. Buyer beware!
I bought these because I broke my older HyperXs and those were built like a tank, that being said these headphones seem to be well built as well.  I literally had to try to break my old ones as they lived through many fits of gamer rage. These new ones sound great and block outside noise fairly well, the mic also does a good job not picking up keyboard and fan noise. However two things annoy me with them, one more than the other. First is upon arrival they smelled horrible, like an artificial garlic fishing attractant. I think the smell comes from the material the ear cups are made of but I am not sure. It was a fairly strong smell for a couple weeks and has since gone away. Secondly the main thing I do not like is the cord that comes with the headphones. It being 2 piece and the top half having volume control on it. The volume control part always gets caught on my desk and it turns the volume down and just gets caught up in my movement and is annoying always having to move and navigate it around. It wouldnt be as big of a deal if I could just buy a new top half. Something such as a male to male headphone cable. However the male jack that goes into the headphone is a different type of fitting so that it snaps into the headphone. A.k.a. having to use one of HyperXs proprietary cables. That being said I am not aware they sell a cable without volume control so Im left being annoyed by this. If I had it my way it would be a long single cable with no volume control instead of a 2 piece cable with volume control. Some people may like the volume control, it just doesnt work well for me at my desk.
Overall the Cloud Alpha is a good quality headset with amazing cushions, which feels like actual clouds on your head. But for me, I would be playing and would slightly hit the wire from my xbox controller and it would unplug, like it had a short in it. Unfortunately they don’t sell peices just for the wire. With this happening, just the other night, it completely stopped working for me.
This product stopped working one month after it was too late to return.
The padding is not sufficient enough to keep your ears from rubbing against the cans if you have a larger head. I immediately replaced the pads with brainwaives ear cushions but i shouldnt have to pay 25 dollars more to make a headset better. There was a problem with the 3.5 mm jacks cross talking with each other. Meaning when id be in discord with my friends if i played a youtube video theyd hear it as if i was broadcasting it through my mic.
I have stereo Hyperx revolver and these just feel quiet compaired to them. They have little bass but are well built and feel nice.
This is a gaming headset, not headphones. The mic shouldnt be this awful. Hopefully I just got a bad one.
The microphone did not work from the moment I got it so I am only able to use this as earphones and not a full headset. That being said, its comfortable and seems to last long but sucks that I cant use the microphone.
Bought headset for my son Dec 17, worked well until the right ear stopped playing sound.
The headset is light weight and works well. I would definitely give it a good rating for that however Ive had it for a little over a month and the cable from headset to controller started to break internally and started to to cause clicking on my end and thumping and buzzing for people hearing me over the mic...
Just absolute garbage.  If all you want you hear is literally nothing but loud bass then these are for you.  As long as directional sound isnt important and hearing a bass drum pounded loudly in your ear is what you want then these are perfect
I was super happy with the headset for first month or so. Then the cable started to glitch which disconnected my mic. I did not damage the cable at all. The sound was great and comfort but once mic stopped working it was pretty much useless. It was the cable because if you move it around mic would start working but cut out. Now I will probably get a wireless headset
These headphones sound amazing but have a bug where people can hear my game play. Looked up solutions and talked to HyperX directly and nothing can be done. They told me that is was my brand new XB1X.... come on guys. I am hear to tell you not to buy these. Nice quality and sound, just horrible customer service/satisfaction.
Me and my roommates all bought these headsets and mine and a friends echos like hell whenever we use them. My other friend had to return his and get new ones because they broke the first say he had them. Buy something better
Purchased “refurbished” headphones. Audio jack is clearly missing the part that you use to plug it in the audio. How do you miss this? But I guess this just goes to show, always buy new.
Everything seemed great until I went to put it on and the pungent smell of the ear pad was extremely nauseating. I have never smelled a manufacturing smell on a product like these have. It smells like something burnt and melted along with some nasty manufacturing smell. I tried carefully wiping them off and airing them out in front of a fan but it didnt help. The smell has slightly gone away over the past week but its still hard to wear them with this smell. The company has not responded to my inquiry about what to do about the smell. It doesnt matter how good the product may function if I cant stomach putting them on. Sound wise, it lives up to its
If you decide to get this headset make sure to get replacement ear pads because the ones that come with it STINK of onions or garlic and will make you vomit. Also the ear pads are not very comfortable for long periods of time but the sound is good and they seem durable.
When I bought these headphones I had high hopes because I watched a couple reviews before hand and I came to the conclusion that theyre gonna be great, and great they were, the audio was one of the best I have heard compared to other gaming headphones. - The one issue that really makes me not want to use them is the fact that my the ends of my ears hurt after wearing them for about 1 hour because the ear room is very cramped when I tried to use them. - Every time I put them on I have to shuffle them around to find the best position for a good minute because like I said, the ear space in them is very limited (for me at least) and I wish they could have been more generous with the ear space. (I have a pair of Audio-Technica ATH-M50x and they are my favorite pair of headphones ever, one of the reasons is because the ear cups can rotate back and forward 90 degrees, which does not sound like a useful feature but trust me when I say this, that feature on the Audio-Technica ATH-M50xs makes a difference when it comes to comfort.) -So once I put on the HyperX Cloud Alphas I noticed that ear cups could not rotate at all, and I think that is one of the reasons as to why I did not feel comfortable when wearing the HyperX Cloud Alphas. In conclusion, these are great gaming headphones when it comes to audio and material quality, sadly I would give them a 5 star rating but I can barely wear them for longer than 1 hour and a half without having to remove them and let my ears relax from being in such a tight space. Hopefully either this issue could be resolved next year.
If you want really great sound these are for you. If you want to speak into the microphone at any point forget it. I’ve tried all settings on Xbox and the device nothing works so as a gaming headset fine just MUTE YOUR MIC.. you will get yelled at.
Broke in under six months despite gentle use. I had bought one when they first came out with these, so figured maybe theyd worked the issues out--nope! My fault for giving HyperX a second chance. First, the left can started to lose audio periodically and there were intermittent mic issues as well. Then, the 3.5 connector broke--spectacularly so--into three separate pieces: where the connector meets the rubber/plastic to connect to the cord, in the middle, and on the end/tip. Got part of it out of the laptop jack, but the tip is still stuck in the laptop. Contacted HyperX support a WEEK AGO and still no response. Second HyperX headset Ive purchased thats broken in less than 6 months, so Ill never purchase another Kingston product. Glad I purchased the SquareTrade--now Im hoping for a refund rather than a replacement so I can buy a headset that wont break in less than 6 months.
Ear muffs are way too shallow. Cloud II is way better.
This headset has good sound quality but lacks A LOT in the durability department. It makes weird, annoying noises, and the headband has a super cheap aluminum piece of metal that bends ridiculously easily
The headset has amazing audio, but it has gotten worse as time has gone on. At the start it was great though. I have had 4 HyperX headsets (this one included), 3 of which were the lower-grade HyperX Drones and one was this HyperX Cloud Alpha. I currently use a HyperX Pulsefire Core mouse, which I think is nice, this aside I have stuck with HyperX and the pattern I see in the products I have purchased is the good quality but atrocious durability for the cords. The headset is fine if you do not move around with it when using it and only use it on one device, but I would highly recommend against it if you wish to travel with the headset. The mic quality is great for a headset and there is no background noise,  the detachable mic along with the mute button and dial for volume are great features. This headset is built to be good, but it is not built to last.
after few weeks of use, the connector with the Xbox remote is not working great and has a lot of disconnections. same with PS4. bottom line, doesnt worth the money
I have been an owner of the infamous Cloud II Headset for over 2 years now and when I have discovered that my dog chewed the mic, it was time for a new one. Hyper X has always impressed me with its customer support and great attention to detail so I knew that when I had my eye on the Cloud Alpha, it had great expectations to meet. Turns out that over 2 days of use, I have concluded that the product was much worse. The ear cups was much thicker and heavier, adding extra weight to my ears. Just over an hour of wearing it, I found it to be very uncomfortable. The sound was the most disappointment of all as the right ear cup was louder than the left. I even tried to level out the sounds to be equal but the tones on both sides was unbalanced. Even after short periods of time, the sounds blasted my ear aggressively, causing them to hurt. Without the bonus of 7.1 like my Cloud IIs offer, it is very difficult to enjoy an immersive audio experience. I do however, like the feature of a detectable audio jack cable and a inline audio control w/mute button as I used it plenty of times. But without an doubt, if you are looking for a superior gaming headset, I recommend the Cloud IIs.
I love the headset itself but after using it for about two months, the cord stopped working on me for no reason. Will need to get a recplacement
First off, the sound quality is absolutely amazing. I had Turtle Beach 420X Stealths before this and the sound quality upgrade is absolutely amazing. The quality of the actual make of the headset is very nice as well. The aluminum frames are a genius addition to the headset as most all of my headsets in the past have broken from weak plastic frames. However, there are a few minor, and in my case, a major downside to this headset. For one, the covers around the ear have a very weird, unpleasant smell to them. I dont even know how to describe it but from the time I took them out of the package to after my first use, the smell of the padding around the earpieces is rather odd. Its a minor complaint, you cant really notice unless you actually get decently close to them. Which, I do, Im a smell freak LOL. Now, the one major complaint I have is the cord. It worked fine up until about a week ago (Ive had the headset for about 2 months now) when the audio started randomly going out. Now, I do have cats, and they do like to chew on things - wires included - but I keep the headset nice and secure in the bottom drawer of my bedside table. So, I know my animals couldnt have damaged it. I never pull the headset or controller by the cord and never jerk it. I treat it gently, and with care. But I either have to hold my head in a certain way or twist the input in my ear until the sound comes back again. Before you comment or ask, yes, I do indeed have both ends of the cord pushed fully into my controller and headset. I have tried a different controller but the result is the same. Im hoping to message the company and get a new cord, its just rather disappointing to have a problem this early on in my ownership of the headset.
i received this as a gift and the first one came dead on arrival and amazon sent a replacement which randomly failed after a week of use build quality seems fine but extremely frustrating experience
*Edites to 1 Star from 2 due to customer support. Read the last paragraph for details* I originally bought the HyperX Cloud a couple of years ago. Those things would echo back my buddies voice through chat so they could hear themselves twice. I bought these thinking it would eliminate that issue, boy was I wrong. It picks up all game sounds now and voice chat with my volume anywhere above 40%. Cables are all tightly connected, I know you all are saying “well it’s a faulty headset.” It’s the second headset this issue has occurred with by hyperx and quite frankly I feel ripped off again. My XO One Turtle beaches never echoed anything back at highest volume. These though every single thing. I don’t know what to do. I purchased them through GameStop and yeah I got gimmicked into buying another bad headset. I edited this Headset to 1 Star due to the nerve of their customer support. I sat in a 4 line queue to talk to an tech support agent. I posted my question about the mic echo issue and if they had a fix. It took 25 minutes but I eventually found myself to the front of the queue. It connected and then their agent immediately closed the chat session due to the question. This company Kingston is a joke, a money grab, and they are aware of this issue. They have not fixed it and I am very disappointed I spent money on this product it is more than an echo it is a crosstalk, audio leak line issue.
Is not working I can’t hear anything I haven’t use it since the first day I tryed it but couldn’t hear now is just in the box sitting in my room I want to return it  but don’t know how to.
so u may ask why i gave it 5 stars but a 2 star over all rating well heres why the durability is fantastic the sound is amazing and the material is so comfortable but if there was an option for microphone it would get 1 star the whole thing is great but the mic is practically unusable its so quite i have input volume all the way up on mic and discord and took off noise suppressor but im still super quite to where i almost have to yell to be herd but i still use them cause its the best headphones i have ever bought i just use a blue yeti for mic instead so long story short if u want a good headset to hear and be comfortable wearing this is a great buy but if u want a great headset to hear and talk through i still suggest hyperx but not this model i would seuggest the revolver ones they have good sound quality almost identical to this one and a better mic but i dont have it because its not comfortable in my opinion, 99% of others say otherwise
People on the other end could hear my output sounds almost perfectly unless I used Push to talk.
I wanted to love these. To get the positives out of the way, great build quality, great sound. The dual chamber design didnt seem like a gimmick. Tested against other headsets, I felt these were capable of having all sorts of sounds playing (i.e. Forza Horizon 4 with vehicle sounds, music playing, listening to podcasts on top of it) and everything stayed "separated" and sounded good. I would switch back and forth between headsets and it was noticeable that these were doing a better job. Good solid bass, nothing head-rattling though. The foam in the ear pads and head band felt really good. I had to give up on these though because of comfort. The headband adjustment at max just barely got to a point where I felt okay wearing it, but another click or two of adjustment would have helped. And the earcups themselves were the worst part. Very small openings. I had the Cloud 9 variant which already has the revised ear pads (slightly thicker, people originally complained that their ears touched the drivers in the headset and it caused pain). So I never experienced that problem of my ears touching the drivers, but I just do not like the feeling of the pads being right on my ears. I was constantly adjusting them, trying to convince myself that I liked them, but I had to give up. I will attach a few photos showing these compared to other headsets. If you have a smaller head/ears or for a younger person, this is probably great. If you know that you have a larger head/ears, look elsewhere. You will like the sound and the build but they will not be comfortable. A headset cannot sound good enough to make it worth being uncomfortable. If they ever made a larger design, Id be interested.
Sounds leak from headset to microphone through the wires. If you plan to play with friends and use the mic that comes with the headset, I cannot recommend this. I returned it for the Cloud II and have had no issues. That being said, the build is incredible, headset is sturdy and comfortable. Sound quality is top notch, slightly better than the Cloud IIs. Just sucks that it was borderline unusable because of the mic issues.
They are a bit heavy and slightly uncomfortable the more you wear them. Was expecting topnotch for 100 but they arent the worst.
I finally broke down and bought expensive headphones for my son. The speaker broke within 30 days, and cant return Treasure Truck Items. Amazon bites
the side cushion for your ear came off after use one day, there is no way in hell to get it back on without super gluing a small section at a time and working your way around it in a circular motion, this is harder than mounting a tire to a wheel.. i cannot believe this is so difficult and I am no fool by any means, please do not do this to yourself
Got this headset for the PS4 on Nov 26th. Sound is great, built is very nice, but chatting with friends is where it went downhill. Friends always hear buzzing noises and/or echoes in their end. Not an ideal noise for mutiplayer gaming. Dont know if the heaset is just faulty or what. Wont recommend these if you are planning to chat with friends on mic on PS4.
The Mic stopped working almost immediately.  I bought this from the Amazon Treasure Truck in September and gave it to my son for Christmas.  It didnt work on his gaming computer, the iPhone or MacBook Pro.  Amazon was awesome enough to allow me to return for a refund even though the return window expired.  Dont buy this brand.
I bought this headset a month ago for my son and its already broken.
I found these really uncomfortable and the sound quality poor for the money. Also for as big and hulking as the ear cups are, they do a really poor job of shutting out noise from outside. The large size of the ear cups also makes them especially bad to wear over glasses, because theres no way to wear your glasses so the ear cups arent resting on the bows and pressing them into your skull, which gets painful very quickly.
I had gotten this for my son for Christmas and the microphone doesnt work. He was so excited then very sad
Worst smelling headset I have ever purchased in my life. Smells like a combination of Skunk and Onions.
its very uncomfortable, if you have a big head, reconsider this headset.
The headset performed perfectly until today (11NOV18) when I put the headset on and noticed that the left speaker was suddenly working at half volume.  This was after having used the headset the night prior without issue. I tested all cable connections and sound settings, then tested 2 other sources.  Then to make sure it wasnt the sources I tried my backup headset.  This confirmed that it was the Cloud Alpha that was not functioning correctly. Attempted to submit a warranty return on the hyperxgaming RMA website, however the form refuses to submit.
Breaks very easily
So I figured I would wait at least a week and really get a feel for the headset. The quality of the headset IS really nice. I bought them specifically for COD BO4 and hated them from day one. I went from a cheap pair of Turtle Beaches, specifically the Stealth 400 to these and what a difference. So hard to differentiate between what behind you and whats next to you or in front to the side. I listened to music on them and they do sound great. They really are a good quality headset just not what I was looking for I guess.
First off these sound fine but to get the most out of these you’ll probably want to get the amp that HyperX makes, it gives these virtual 7.1 surround sound and really improves the sound quality but it should have been included as far as I’m concerned. Secondly and more importantly to me, these were terribly uncomfortable. I have a larger than average size head but I’ve never had this sort of discomfort with any other headphones or headset I’ve ever used. I guess I’ll have to keep looking to find a good headset, it’s unfortunate I have to spend $8 to send this torture device back.
GARBAGE, DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH IT
I bought this HyperX Cloud and I was excited to use it on my Ps4 ,but I started using it I found out that I cant even talk on the microphone.
This is such a wonderful product and I would have gave it 5 stars if my mic quality wasnt terrible. I am also using it for ps4 so that may contribute to that. Its very comfortable to wear and the audio is nice.
Opened them and they wouldn’t produce sound right out of the box. Tried multiple devices and all the troubleshooting steps on the website. Nothing. After paying 100 dollars a for headphones it’s frustrating to get a paper weight sent to you.
These headsets are amazing. The sound is amazing overall, theyre comfortable, and they seem like they will last a lot, material quality is great. But damn.. nothing can be perfect, and this headset is not an exception. It smells REALLY weird. Like some onion seasoning.. Im sure the smell comes from the ear pads, but I cant get my head around why this came in like this. To make matters worst, its impossible (at the time at least) to email customer support for these specific headset.. they separate the Customer Support pages by product, and the one for this product has been broken the whole week. I love this headset and it deserves a lot more, but the issues are glaring at me at a distance, making it hard to give a better rating
Sound quality is good this is a good buy for the price. Mine came with a very bad smell that took TWO washes to get out. I had to wash the pads on the headphones to get the smell out. Kinda sucks but overall decent product. Also i had issues when not using the 2 cord mic+audio adapter so make sure you use that.
Everything about this headset is great, except one thing... IT ECHOES!!! How am I supposed to take advantage of this amazing headset if the volume has to be so low in order for teammates in my party to not have to deal with an unbearable echo. This negates any value in buying the headset for purposes of communicating with a team and also listening to your surroundings. I’m hopeful there is a way around this since I don’t see any reviews with people having this problem... I’m surprised this is an issue for a $100 gaming headset but then again I’m not a expert on gaming headsets.
I bought these for my son for his birthday and after only 6 weeks use they are now longer functional The microphone doesn’t not work!  The volume goes in and out, sometimes one ear , sometimes both!  Window for return has passed, or they would be on there way back to Amazon!  I purchased directly from Amazon, not a third party.  Save your money and pass on these headphones
Having problems connecting it
These headphones sound great. Nice, wide soundstage and quality sound with no noise issues. The problem I was having was when I would use the microphone. It seems as though the sound I hear in the headset speakers leaks through into the microphone. Ive tested this on two computers and have tried reinstalling different audio drivers. Even with the mic unplugged from the headset, I can see the mic input audio level moving. My friends on discord could occasionally hear what Im hearing. They say its not too loud, but its audible. (If I lower the threshold, they could hear everything im hearing, if I raise the threshold, then I need to speak loud for them to hear me.)  If anyone else has experienced this or has a solution for this issue, Id appreciate some feedback.
So I like these headsets the sound quality is good but the ear cushions are way to thin they actually do hurt the ears. I have contacted hyperxgaming but I have not received any support for these. Also I got to say the original hyperxgaming headsets use to give a bunch more accessories but these did not have much just one 3.5 cable and one dual 3.5 cable and that was it. The build quality is pretty durable from the aluminum they make these out of. Overall it is a good headset but they should have included thicker and better ear cushions instead of these tiny leatherette  cups.
Headset didn’t work out of the box
Ive had several pairs of these and had to return them all for various problems they have had. The most common problem is crosstalk, essentially others being able to hear whats coming from my headphones into my microphone. For the cost that these are, this is unacceptable, as a $20 pair of headphones dont have this problem.
Bought the headset in June and it was working fine but started to develop a short in the cable over the last few weeks.  Have to continuously turn the plug in the jack every 5 minutes to get sound out of both ears.  Return window closed so I spent $100 for 4 months of a headset....  Bought a new one from a different brand today.
Instead of purchasing this headset and going through the many pains it provides purchase the Cloud II. This headset will echo all background applications through your microphone which can be heard by people you are talking to. This also prevents you from streaming, and recording videos. The overall sound quality is nice, but do not purchase unless if you have a desk microphone to use with them.
Overall the headphones are great with great sound quality and mic quality but the first set I receive had a issue with the mic and had to send it back and then the second pair had a issue with the jack wiring leading to the computers mic and speaker which i was lucky enough to have a spare to switch it out. If you buy this product, be warned theres a chance you might get some faulty part or I was just extremely unlucky. Overall if you dont mind the potential back and forth resending, its a good product, comfy ear pieces, volume adjuster, great mic and audio quality.
This was a gift for my son. He loved them and was very excited but the problems started with just a few uses. He said the headphones or the mic would work intermittently but not all the time as you would want and expect for the price.  He wanted to return them since it was no fun to be in the middle of a game and then no sound or the other players would not hear you on the mic. He is very sad to have to return because he does like how they look and said they are very comfortable.
I just got these and I really like the sound and fit but they have a weird smell, like stale onions. Im considering returning them cause the smell is so strong. I tried washing the earpad but the smell still lingers.
Pros- Feels great on my head, very comfortable for long hours, quality materials. Cons-  mic rarely works, not connecting right in headset, maybe its just a defected one well see when I get a replacement.
I will start by saying that for many people, I am sure these are fantastic. My issue is the way that the bass comes through gives me a headache. I am assuming it has something to do with how the chambers are seperated.
I bought this headset roughly 2-3 days ago from Best Buy, and I had a major problem with it. It wasnt the comfort, the mic quality, or the sound, it was the crosstalk. Ive heard people complaining about this issue for a while, I even contacted customer support and they told me it was a defect with the headset. I exchanged the headset for a new pair and was greeted with the same exact problem, twice in a row. This is absolutely unacceptable of how HyperX continued manufacturing these even after this issue. This is especially annoying in Discord calls where your friends can hear every little thing you do on your computer. Hell, I couldnt even watch a YouTube video without my friends hearing it all. The sound quality is great, the mic is lacking, but its a $100 headset, dont be surprised. The only way to fix this is turning on acoustic echo cancellation in your Realtek HD Audio but it makes the mic quality even more awful.
Doesnt work with Google Pixel 2 XL.
This product broke within a month. I am no longer willing to buy this brand as that seems to be a pattern even with very careful use.
The 3.5mm is poorly made and broke within a few months of owning it.
I bought these as a gift for a friend. She had been telling me how much she wanted them. Well she said that when she plugged them in, only 1 side worked. And its past the return period for Amazon so I basically just wasted my money on them. I did purchase the 4yr Protective plan for them, but we cant figure out how to use it. Not happy at all. For something so expensive, they should not have been DOA.
This is more of a 3.5 star rating then 3. The quality of sound is good but struggles in some confortability. I have big ears but not huge and they still have some pain some time. But this is after a long time of use and if you take it off and put it back on its better. Its mainly itchiness. The problem with it is the connectivity. It has fuzzy noises when plugged in and has problems with that alot.
Got this as a holiday gift 1yr and 4mos ago. Headphones and microphone worked well for the first year. After 1 year the volume started to only come out of the left side, which would be fixed by spinning the volume wheel up and down and tolerating a brief static noise. Last month, the microphone port to the headphones stopped working (but not the microphone bit itself). Not sure if Id spend $100 on a mic/headphone set that only lasted a year and change. But the sound quality was pretty good while it lasted.
Ive waited awhile to do this review as to see if my reoccuring issue arose. And it has. This is the second pair of Hyperx Cloud headphones Ive owned. These headphones feel great on my head, very comfortable. also the cushions for your ears are great. Very comfortable to wear overall. The sound quality is fantastic. Great bass response and a good thick sound. The cord is very long, you wont run out of room if you move about with these plugged in. My major and only problem is the quality.  My first pair had a problem where I assume something came loose where the cord meets the headphones. I would have to mess with it as sound would cut out or Id only hear sound from one side. And now this pair is doing it as well. While working correctly this is a great headset and I would highly reccomend them. But both pairs now have had the exact same problem even though well taken care of. Sadly I feel I am going to go with a different brand for my next headset.
Ive had them for maybe a week or so, and with 5 hrs of use, they keep cutting out. The whole headset--sound, mic, everything. Im currently using them for my Xbox One and tried all troubleshooting options. For something that costs $100 USD, this is not the intended experience. When I can get my money back and try my luck with the Cloud IIs. If those dont work, I will not be a happy customer.
Solid headphones. Sound is good but not great.  build quality is solid. I only have 2 gripes, one of which is a deal breaker for me. The headphone earcups had a very weird smell, but the smell went away after about a week. The deal breaker for me is that the sound from the heaphones can be heard through the microphone. When I’m playing games with people they say they can hear what is coming through my headphones and its very loud.
The headphones are incredibly comfortable and sound excellent. Even the microphone quality is fantastic. The problem arises in the crosstalk that occurs with them. It turns out this is a pretty common problem with this headset (which can be seen pretty easily with a quick Google search). Ended up returning them and probably heading back to Logitech products, which is unfortunate since I loved everything about these besides that problem.
I bought this a few weeks ago to replace my HyperX Cloud 2s because of THE SAME ISSUE. The cord gets automatically tangled up! I thought my other headset was just defective but after buying this one and the same thing happening so fast I will NEVER buy HyperX again. The cord has to be stretched out every single time I use it. So annoying, especially because how new this headset was. I contacted HyperX to see what I could do and they sent me an automated BS response back. That triggered me so bad Im just returning this and never ever buying a HyperX headset.
I’ve had this headset for about a day now, and I like them a lot.  The only thing that I have with them is that while playing games I can hear a sort of static sound.  I know that it is not from the game, nor chating with friends.  It only does this sometimes though.
as a person who owns the hyperx cloud II s, I was really excited to try these out. Unfortunately they fail to meet my expectations as the bass muddied the middle is in Highs of this unit. dont get me wrong they sound good if you have something thats cheaper however I would highly recommend is going with the hyperx cloud 2s.
Buenos
The sound for me was very low. I had no choice but to use an adapter for my Xbox controller because it didn’t have 3.5mm built in & I felt like I wasn’t getting the high sound that these headphones could give.
Thats all I have to say about it.
I had to return these due to the constant feedback. When playing games in party chat there was a constant feedback/echoing that everyone else in my party kept hearing. I mainly play games that require party chat and the echo/feedback was just to bad to keep using.
Overall, I really enjoyed these while they lasted.  I purchased these on May 17, 2018.  Two days ago, the mic decided to just stop picking up any noise.  The warranty only lasted 6 months, so Im SOL.  Id recommend not buying these if you want something that is going to last at least a year.  Im giving such a low rating purely because of the durability.  As an environmentalist, I really dont want products to shit the bed before even a year has passed.  Especially not when I was in the middle of a game of Ring of Elysium.
Okay but break easy
Im very disappointed with this headphone.  headphone is not user friendly.  Both of my laptop arent able detect it.  I had to go into audio setting set it to work.  One side stop working after 3 weeks.
The microphone stopped working after a month. Garbage.
As headphones the product is fantastic with extremely good quality of sound but the problem I had was massive bleed through issues where anything I heard also went through the mic. I wasnt a fan of the audio jacks over USB either but thats just a personal preference. I ended up having to return the item since there was no way to resolve the bleed through issue and it was present in any program that utilized the microphone.
I played with someone and they said my voice had never sounded so clear. They feel fine on my head even with my big ears that have caused problems with other brands. The sound on them is clear and the mic stops the breathing sounds of air wooshing by, but these are unusable right now for only one reason. They stink. They smell really, really bad and the smell lingers on my skin. My girlfriend says it smells like onions, but I think its worse than that. Its been a week and Ive washed out the earpads with soap and water with no luck. The smell burns my eyes and nose. I didnt see reviews about the smell on here, but went to reddit to see if anyone else had this issue, and there are plenty of people who have it. Kingston knows this is an issue and is giving replacement, non smelly earpads to those who contact them. I will update when I received replacement pads.
At the first 1 - 3 months of ordering this, it worked great but the comfort was extremely bad, there was a bad fit and my ears touched the driver which bruised my ears and it hurt so bad. And about after 3 months of using this headset, my ears looked red because of the headset and the headset only played on the left side of the headset. I expect a replacement headset soon and would like a reply from the hyperx team for a replacement.
I bought this brand new and i tried this on my computer and laptop. my headset doesnt work on the left headset and the mic doesnt work. i already talk to someone on their website. After talking to their technical support, he or she said the headset needs to be replace. Hesitant on buying a new one.
I was a little uncertain about buying a detachable mic for the exact Ive run into. Great sound on the headset, but the mic is non-functioning out of the box. Just disappointing and bad quality. Edit: Company makes you pay to send back their broken product. Beyond trash. Never buying anything from this company again.
I have always been a fan of the HyperX line up of gaming headsets and after years of using HyperX cloud/cloud2 I was excited to try the new HyperX Alpha. After buying them the sound quality was amazing with the highs and lows ( I am a professional gamer for FPS games like Rainbow 6 Siege ) but less than 3 months later I was having static sounds coming from my mic and after hours of trying to fix them I had came to the conclusion the mic went out. This is my first HyperX headset that has gone bad in years of gaming with in such a small amount of time.
Everything about the product was great, except that it is described as Xbox compatible. While technically true, this product uses a standard headphone jack, which my (and many) Xbox controllers do not have. I am required to buy a separate adapter in order to use this headset for the Xbox. They dont make mention of this any where in the product listing*, which would have been helpful to know prior to making the purchase. *In the headline of the product listing. They do tuck away a footnote on the product listing at the bottom.
Product worked nicely for the first couple months and then lost comfort and now works sometimes and not others.  They were hard to get working as well.  Once working, they had nice clarity both in and out.  However, that is only when they are brand new.  They lose that quickly, I would suggest buying the extended warranty if you buy these, you are out of luck after 2 months with Amazon if you purchase them and they go bad like both of ours have.  We are now out 200 dollars and nothing we can do.
I just returned a Hyperx Cloud Revolver S because they were to stupid to give a volume control on the 3.5mm jacks they provided with the headphones , even though it states USB & 3.5mm connection types.  Other gamers can hear my music and in-game sounds with the revolver S. So I purchase a HyperX Cloud Alpha and guess what ? You guessed it right , there is major CROSSTALK happening because Kingston in their infinite wisdom , decided to use 4 pole 3.5 mm jacks and cheap up and split  one wire into two wires.  There is no ground happening and the microphone jack is signaling over to the speaker jack. Spend your money elsewhere rather than this pile of garbage.  First and last time I buy kingston ( 2 bad headphones back to back ) When I chatted online to their support page , the person chatting with me got rude and threatened to end our conversation because he or she claimed they sensed sarcasm from me.
Picked up my treasure truck goodie only to find a vital cord missing,,,sending back
I purchased this headset one Saturday and received it on Monday. Problems immediately became apparent with this product; the sound quality was lacking, and the product itself was somewhat uncomfortable after a few hours of use, but those both paled to the main issue, which is that the headset simply doesnt work. The sound cut in and out constantly, there was a constant buzz in both ears that ranged in volume from low to high, and there was a persistent "crackling" sound that affected not just me, but everybody I was talking to as well. These problems would be unacceptable in any headset, but to find them in a pair that costs $100 is inexcusable. For anyone thinking of buying this headset: DONT. Your money is better spent almost anywhere else.
Purchased these for my nephew for Christmas and they quit working entirely.
Probably the best gaming headset in terms of surround sound but after I got it I realized it had a major flaw... there was cross-talk happening so anything I heard through my headset was transferred to the mic and my friends could hear themselves and all my game play which made it impossible to use the mic. Did some research after i found this problem and it seems that it happens to a lot of people with this headset and hyperx even knows about the problem but they say its normal??? Ive had multiple steelseries and astro headsets that havent had any problems like this.
Good
Pros: Comfort Mic detachable Nice packaging Cons: Cringy gamer accents Mic quality is absolutely terrible
It works great until it doesn’t. Only had it 2 months and the mic just stops working. Went for a headset that was more than 20-30 bucks just because I thought it would last longer but I guess that is not the case. This didn’t even last 3 months so I would definitely not recommend this.
I read through multiple reviews of this product and decided to purchase the product based on the positive reviews. Unfortunately, many of these reviews were written within a month of purchasing the product. I have owned this product for quite some time now and I can tell you after around 2 months the sound quality decreases. I am now at a point that I can barely hear a Netflix show through the headset or hear footsteps in a game. My $30 turtle beaches took 2 years to get to this point. I recently purchased a $20 headset from Walmart that provides much better sound quality and once again I can optimize my gameplay. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT. The price makes you think you are purchasing a superior product. YOU ARE NOT. Go with a $20-30 dollar headset or a $300 headset if you want something that is top of the line. This is overpriced GARBAGE.
I got these headphones from a friend through Amazon. They had arrived completely busted. Sound only worked if I jiggled the cable a certain way, a replacement cable didnt help. I had it returned and a replacement came. It worked okay, or at least thats what I thought. The mic doesnt work at all. Windows wont detect it, and trying to record anything through it only results in static. The headphones themselves have about the same sound quality as my old $20 pair. The only real difference is the comfort.
Headset is comfortable and audio is great. Microphone doesnt work. I have tried with two different laptops on Windows 10. One laptop doesnt detect the microphone at all. The other detects it, but it doesnt record any input at all.
The headphone itself looks and feels premium. Padding on the sides and head strap is adequate. However, for gaming purposes the mic is absolutely necessary and in this case, the mic is non-functional right out of the box. Windows doesn’t even detect it and in multiplayer games, everyone just hears static and nothing else. Will be returning and do not recommend. Waste of time and money.
I bought this headset in 2017, so I dont think it should be going out this early. I take really good care of my stuff and I know the proper way(s) to wrap up a cable. After about 2 years of basic everyday use, the right ear slowly just started not working. I think my warranty was expired by the time it started happening, so I was probably screwed there. I contacted HyperX support wanting a refund, and the best they could do is email me telling me to contact tech support. I even ended buying a new cable (Spare Detachable Cable, Cloud Alpha), and it did nothing. At this point, I would like a full refund if possible. Dealing with this headset and all the tech support BS wasnt worth it.
I cannot get the microphone to work.  I can plug a different headset into this headsets microphone/line out splitter and its microphone works.  But I cannot get the microphone to work for this headset.  I have tried uninstalling/reinstalling the Microphone (Realtek High Definition Audio) drivers.  I have tried plugging headset into a different computer.  I tried pushing the attached cord further into headset as recommended by other users, but it didnt do anything for me.
I love this headset! It looks and feels great as expected. We really liked the Cloud9 affiliation too. It also sounds wonderful like all of the HyperX headsets. Unfortunately its not getting a lot of stars from me because I was under the impression that it was FULLY compatible with a Nintendo Switch. You will be able to use the headset with that particular console but not the microphone in an online game chat. From what I know of there is currently no way to do that after e-mailing Nintendo. For super smash or fortnite and etc you have to connect the headset into your phone I believe and use it that way according to Nintendo and various internet sources. In my opinion that does not make it fully compatible with the Nintendo Switch if you have to plug it into your phone and use an app to communicate online on a small console docked or not. Thankfully the microphone is detachable and I can just remove it when using the Switch offline. This whole issue of course lies within the Nintendo Switch design and not the headset functionality (I think), however I do not feel it is anything special when it comes to multiplatform compatibility and I thought it was. I was very hyped up to buy it for that reason and became disappointed when I encountered my problem.
My son received these headphones as a holiday gift in December 2018. In less than 90 days, they stopped working - he couldnt hear anyone and they couldnt hear him. He actually received them to replace less expensive Xbox headphones, although the less expensive ones still work great. Amazon will only take them back up to the end of January 2019, not even 60 days after purchase. I found out that on the 2/25, 3 days ago, there is no more customer service available, not even 90 days. We will be throwing them out, too bad the product doesnt come with a 90 free warranty.
Great headphones. Has a 1 star because of crosstalk, which is unacceptible for online gaming. Avoid at all costs
Thats it, the headset is amazing, superb sound, light, very comfortable for shor periods of time, Ive started to hear sounds the I didnt know that exist and I used to play using a 5.1 home theater. I cant play or even surf the web without this headset anymore but: 1. The right ear side stopped working after one month. Hyperx thinks the problem is the cable so they will send me another one, but I have to wait for 20 days. I bought this specially to use in tournaments but cant use it due this issue. Total waste of money. 2. Feels discomfort after a couple hours. It feels hot and you need to take it out so it can cold a little bit. It also feels akward the first days but youll get used to it. 3. I dont recomend it. Ive boght these due the removable cable, but I shouldve bought the cloud x for half of the price. This headset was made for youtube reviews, thats it. After using it for a long time the issues will start pop up.
Edited my review. Had this a week and the microphone doesnt work. Dont buy.
These headphones are incredibly comfortable, and I would have rated them 5/5 if they werent so prone to breaking. Out of the box, sounds wasnt coming through one side of the headphones. I immediately sent this in for a replacement. Out of the box, the replacement headset could not be identified by my laptop as headphones (rather only as speakers) despite numerous efforts to install/reinstall drivers and adjusting settings to fix the issue. A few months after purchase, the second set of headphones could no longer be recognized at all and only "works" (muffled sound) when pulled slightly out of the headphone jack. This was tested across multiple PCs. At this point, Im passed the return policy date. Ill eat my $$$ loss, but never buy HyperX products again.
When my turtle beach headphones broke, I came to HyperX for replacements. The pros: nice solid construction, good quality, great sound quality. The cons: not comfortable at all. I have a very very very small head and they still squeeze my head. The cups hurt my tiny ears. The padded top for some reason doesnt feel padded and sits like a rock on top of my head. It doesnt help that these are heavy too. I honestly really regret this purchase. I could spend hours upon hours gaming with my turtle beach headset, but this one I have to adjust every few minutes just to alleviate the pain. When I get some extra cash Ill be purchasing something else for sure.
Not even a year, left side stopped working. I contacted the Kingston customer service they confirmed the replacement but I had to ship the damaged one of my own cost. Which cost me $40.51 just to ship it. Its not customers fault the product stops working, why the customer has to pay for shipping out of their own pocket!!! Totally awful service. Never buying hyperX again. And I dont recommend it to anyone.
Cable is a problem.
I got these and within two weeks the jack end of the cable bent. I loved them at the start, they gave amazing sound quality, fantastic durability but this got me kind of pissed. Now I gotta buy a new cable if they even sell them.
Mic doesn’t work after 3 weeks don’t know why?
I used this product for several weeks on my PC and had no real complaints besides a strange setup process. HOWEVER, one of the main reasons I got it was the plug and play with Xbox One features. When I finally took it onto my xbox, it would work for a bit and then crash MY CONTROLLER. It powered off and reset itself, but would not respond to controls while the headset buzzed with stalled audio until I disconnected it. Strangest behavior Ive ever seen. I have an older Xbox One (halo 5 edition) but it still has the new format factor controllers. No adapter needed. I have no idea what the issue was, but returned it because thats an unacceptable glitch that I dont care to troubleshoot. TLDR: 4 star PC; 1 star Xbox One headset.
Keep in mind 3/5 stars does not make my opinion of these headsets “negative”, rather, it emphasizes that my subjective review is reviewed moderately. Notes: Universal headset, tried on all platforms (minus Switch), intended to use for Xbox One X. I will preface also that I did send these back, let me explain. I had to return these headsets because I needed a headset that was constructed comfortably, reliably, and had terrific sound. The last point, sound, specifically the microphone quality when conversing with friends was a let down. For some odd reason, despite trying every possible troubleshoot, has the tendency to fade your voice out occasionally during the middle of your sentence. It does this frequently forcing you to speak in a higher volume, my vocals began to strain because I could never speak normally without a majority of my words going unheard. It’s a darn shame, everything else about these headsets were suited for me, minus the small annoyance of the volume wheel having no resistance, lowering or increasing with a slight rub off the shirt. If you are not engaging in conversation often and would just enjoy the quality of the headset for single-player games, music, or movies, then I’d say try it out. For myself, I had to give them a pass. The sound quality offered from my previous TB420x headset focused more on sound. While they did feel uncomfortable after longer gaming sessions, the sound makes me continue my search for quality sound for a relatively similar price.
Not very durable. Plug is loose and communication between friends in and out.
Everything is great about this headset: looks, audio quality, comfort. Except that they have a very strong garlic odor that basically makes them unusable. It is not the kind of new electronics smell that goes away after a while. This smell is on a different level.  I looked online and there are plenty of people complaining about the same problem so it is not an isolated case.
I loved my HyperX Cloud IIs, so when they needed replacing I decided to try these. I cant wear them for more than 30-45 minutes before my ears start hurting. They are almost unusable after a couple hours. I will be getting rid of these and buying another headset. Find something else if comfort is important.
Purchased these less 9 months ago and already not working. Cutting out consistently. Thought for the price they would work at least a year. Very disappointed.
got these on my dads amazon because he has prime. PROS: good build quality comfortable CONS: made static noise all the time unnecessarily long cord i would of loved to keep these but i just cant because of the static noise it would make.
This was my very first HyperX Product. I was pretty hyped up to receive these! Unfortunately I did not like them at all. While they work great, the comfort is horrible. I have an average sized head and I feel like these are not able to extend enough. On top of that, you can feel the audio drivers on your ears constantly when wearing, which is an extremely hard and uncomfortable feel and the headset feels tight on my head, giving me headaches whenever I wear them. I tried contacting their support about this issue and they said they would send "new" earpieces right away. Upon receiving them, they were the exact same ones I had. I tried to open that case back up, but he strongly claimed they were different and basically would no longer help me. All I could find online is that the person either had to purchase new earcups (Not their brand) or they doubled up on the ear pads, meaning they put 2 pairs inside each other so you wouldnt feel the audio driver. Sadly, even though I dont feel those terrible drivers anymore, the headset is even more tight on my head. I have a beating headache whenever I use them. If you look it up, many people are having this problem. I am sad to say that with my first HyperX product, I had all these issues. As of this moment Im not sure if I will look to them for another purchase. At this point its just as if I paid for something to give me a headache, both figuratively and literally.
I want to give this product five stars, but a couple days after the product support window (according to Amazon) closed on July 23rd, the head phones broke. The plastic holding the piece where the cable goes into the headband on the left side broke and is not just hanging open. I could just gaff tape it or maybe try and glue it back. It seems like the screw that holds it together goes into a plastic hole that broke off. This just happened today when I went to put it on. I logged on to Amazon and according to them I am no longer eligible for return and product support. Im hoping the manufacturer might step up and do the right thing.
These look and feel cheaply made. Everything I listen to sounds like Im listening to something from far away in a tunnel. I ordered these hoping that they would be better and more durable than my last HyperX product, but it was a terrible mistake. Ill never use another HyperX product again.
I have used these headphones for 6 months now and have been recently using the mic more frequently. These are almost the perfect headphones, except for one major problem, all sounds you hear on the headphones gets transmitted through the mic. Im computer savvy and I have checked all the settings of the headphones and the sound settings of Windows, and no tweaks of the settings fixes this problem. You basically have no privacy, if thats what youre looking for. I did a test recording of the mic after people kept telling me they can hear what Im listening to, and yes the audio of the headphones can clearly be heard on the mic. Maybe this is due to the unique structure of the Cloud Alphas audio drivers / cups. I know that the drivers structure are different in this model compared to the other HyperX models. They feature a dual chamber design and other structural changes. They have little holes on top, I dont know if this has anything to do with it. Im thinking that the audio might escape through the holes and vibrate through the headset or something. Im just speculating. But its a major issue.
I would never buy this headset again, its not durable....period.  Great sound and Ive had this pair for 4 months, then right headpiece driver corrupted and now I can hardly hear anything from it. I kept it on desk and away from dust, etc. and treated it well. This unfortunate and totally unexpected.  I can and will not recommend anyone purchasing this set.
