I was really wanting to upgrade to a wireless headset with an auxiliary port for other audio sources, and this worked perfectly.
Awesome headset. Had previous version of the a50. Battery last longer but range has been decreased, other than that, its an amazing addition to your gaming arsenal.
My dude loves them they don’t really neutralize the sound that come from background through
The sound its incredible, I have no problems with it at all, thenonly thing is that sometimes when I turn my XO on sometimes I cant listen to my friends.
Only downside on these babys is that they lose connection for a quick second idk why but other then that defect im really happy about the purchase
Great headset a little expensive the mute js folding the mic up which is a little weird and the volume can keeo spinning and has no stop on it
They are expensive...But I have gone through two turtle beach headset so I wanted something that will last...Time will tell if I was right...
The Arsto A50 headset offers good sound quality and design, though could be a bit more solid on the design, especially considering their price.
I love that its wireless but the sound will occasionally skip and I cant hear for a second then it comes back on. But the sound is good.
Paid $100 for this headset, and for that price I have no complaints. Would not pay much more than that though.
The headphones themselves are really solid. Very easy to setup. Only issue is charging station requires work to dock headphones accurately.
Decent overall, sound isnt quite as loud as the astro a40, but it has the convenience factor of no wires!
Great audio! Really helps locate players in shooters. Mic is not so great. Had to turn it way up on the PS4 for people to hear me.
Love the headphones. They definitely make the game a better experience. Sometimes the headset gets disconnected from the Xbox but overall a good buy.
This is my second pair. I love the lack of wires when gaming. This edition also makes it much easier to convert using it between my PS4 and laptop.
I love the quality, much better than my Astro 40s, I just wished there was a button for turning off my mic instead of pushing the mic up.
Perfect clarity. Perfect comfort. Great mic. Awesome features. I just wish it werent Grey and green.
The sound is great and they are also comfortable. The only problem is connectivity issues it sometimes has.
This headset is much more comfortable than my old headset. Sound is good as my Turtle Beach.
Overall a great headset for gaming only complain is the weight after 2 hours of gaming it actually hurts if I dont move it around
I bought these for my boyfriend for the price I think it worth it my boyfriend loves them I tried them and they are really good.
I bought as a gift and the sound is fabulous but after just 3 weeks the mouth piece quit working. Still using headset but need to exchange.
Good sturdy quality and sound. Portable and resistant. Ends are reinforced for constant wear.
1st off its expensive. Is it worth it? I say yes. Coming from a Turtle Beach 500x the A50 are a better product. In my opinion.
And it works 90% of the time. Couple issues with the firmware that require you to totally drain the 15 hour battery before fixing.
Audio cuts in and out every once in a while. Other than that its great
Based on a fathers insight on sons love for games. Sight and good sound is important, having these head phones is a plus!
Sounds great. A little too bassy. Disconnects sometimes form base. But very good sound over all.
Ive broken several headsets in the last few years. So far this headset is holding up well and is performing good.
Awesome sound quality, good for games, movies, etc..... just a little too expensive.
The virtual surround sound on this unit is great, the build quality is nice as well. This is easily the best "gaming" branded headset for gaming. I only gave it four stars because it could have better battery life.
It’s expensive but I really like the sound. I highly recommend getting the Geek Squad protection for it. The first pair I had was great for a few months but then the microphone messed up. Luckily I had purchased the Geek Squad protection for it.
These are extreme comfortable and sound great. The charging is slow and you’ll need a second base station if you have multiple consoles. Base stations can be purchased separately. Only works for Xbox/PC.
I like the headphones. Great sounds, great quality materials, but doesnt support Bluetooth (like turtle beach). Bluetooth would have been a great addition to those moments you are gaming, and someone calls you. It is a great way not to miss a call.
I’ve had these headphones for 1 week, I really like them. 100% Wireless! 15 hour battery life!Only negatives, not enough information as far as programming the headphones. And the headphones will make you sweat when gaming for long period of time.
Had to lower the channels on my router because they were causing sound to go in and out. After that they are great. Good bass, good sound, fit good. After long periods they get hot on your ears because of the material they are made of. But comfortable still.
Its good but not 300 dollars good. Still crackles and sometimes my chat gets staticky. But overall a good headset. Sound is amazing and they are very comfortable even with my big head and wearing glasses. Im sure after a few more updates it will be 5 stars good.
This headset is the most comfortable headset i’ve ever worn with the cloth ear covers. It also has the best voice quality out of any headset i’ve heard. The game volume can be improved using slides on the side. Overall, i would recommend this headset.
I purchased these after my A50 gen1 mic died. Love the sound quality but as stated before the mic seems cheap compared to everything else about this headset. Tried a few other headsets but returned them all and came back to the A50s. The fact that they are totally wireless is great!
Finally completely wireless A50s! The docking station is sleek. The headset feels comfortable. The sound is amazing. The reason for a 4 star was because I was hoping the aux port would be on the headset rather than the docking station. Other than that they are perfect
The most Comfortable headset, lengthy 15 hour battery life, the best in sound quality. Downside is a lot of interference and constantly cuts in and out and disconnects mic so u have to unplug the box and plug back in for you to be able to speak, although u can still hear everything.
This headset is pretty good. It got rid of the previous gens incessant buzzing, but its range seems to suffer greatly. Overall the sound quality is fantastic. I just wish it could penetrate walls as well as the previous gen could. However, when gaming, there are rarely any issues.
Awesome headset if u have a life and don’t game for 12 hrs straight lol otherwise u better have a backup headset. This is the only reason I didn’t give 5 stars . Great headset though completely wireless
This headset is awesome. Sound is great and is really comfortable. Only problem I have is the volume is located on the bottom so if I have a hoody on it catches and will turn it up or down. Not really a big deal but thought I’d throw that out there
The headphones do put out great gaming sound and the battery life is reasonably good. You will get interference from your 5G wi fi signal but apparently there are some things you can try which will fix that. Just search the internet for some options.
This is a great headset my only problem with them is battery life is about 5 hours so when I play on my day off I have to remember to put them on the charger when taking a break but most days that time is sufficient
Even though these cost $300 you wont find a more comfortable headset. You can wear these for hours without discomfort. I had Turtle Beach 520s but they hurt my jaw after wearing for 20 minuets. Dont worry with these. Great sound, comfortable. Heart people sneaking up.
This headset has great sound quality, both chat and in game volume. The only complaint that I have is the charging dock. When I set it on the charger, I have to wiggle it a certain way to make sure that the contacts connect and the headset is charging.
This headset sounds amazing. Its very comfortable. The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because everytime i turn it on. The mic never works when i turn it on. I always have to unplug the usb and replug it back in just to get the mic working.
Cant beat the quality of sound or the great fit. The battery life is not what is advertise. As a whole I think the blue tooth feature is a must if your gaming and dont want to stop. Just hit the button and your talking on your phone, hit it again and your back in game.
Its a lot like the older A50s in terms of pure driver capabilities. These are a lot more customizable sound wise but there are issues with wireless chat. Backwards compatible games on an xbox one will not let you use in game chat anymore. Everything else, works fine.
Had the previous model and they were awesome other than having the chat cable. The mic does not work as well as the previous. I usually have to unplug the base and plug it back in to get chat to work. Otherwise great sound quality as Astro always provide.
Everything about the headphones is great. Except one issue, the surround sound in-game sounds very hollow and metallic. I dont hear this problem when the headphones are in stereo mode. This could be a problem Astro needs to fix or a problem Dolby Digital needs to fix.
Yep I was crazy enough to drop 300 on a headset but these are worth it. Total surround sound and the audio will lag out sometimes but ever since I put my base on a higher table it works great. I love Astro headsets. They are way more comfortable than turtle beaches. Plus also these charge when the PlayStation 4 is in stand by mode on a nice base.
Astro is known for quality and these are no exception. Solid build, smooth sound and comfortable. My only issue is that for the price I wish the had chat back and it was 7.1. I switched from turtle beaches that had those features but they didnt stay connected as well with short disconnections and they would screech when using the cell phone on 5ghz.
When my Turtle Beach headset stopped working, I did a lot of research before this purchase. Astros headset is quite pricey but i am glad I pulled the trigger. The sound quality is phenomenal and they are totally comfortable. The only issue I have is that occasionally when I put them in the charger, they can be difficult to seat properly.
I had a pair or turtle-beach head phones and that quit working so we went back to best but pay to change them out and they no longer carry the turtle beach like I had.so the headsets I had to change them for are not noise reduction,so unfortunate I hear the noises in the back ground
This proudcut is amazing the sound quality on the surround sounds is out of this world it truly captivates you and enhances your gaming and media experience. The mic is the only problem for a 300 dollar headset youd think it would have a great mic but no its not even as good as the one the standard Xbox one mic
Definitely one of the better headsets I’ve ever owned, but honestly not worth the price tag. If you got the extra cash laying around why not. But all gaming headsets are pretty close now a days, Astro’s unique because their just a bit louder than most. Also if you got a big head, these will definitely be comfortable!
My son is a wanna be big time gamer so he had to have these headphones. Hes pretty rough on stuff and these have withstood a lot of reckless usage. He loves them and think they work great. We did buy the warranty because they are always worth it at Best Buy.
This is the most comfortable headset i have ever put on my head. Excellent battery life. lasted over 10 hours on 1 charge. The mic is the only part i have had issues with. It will sometimes mess up and i will have to turn the headset off then back on for it to fix. Other than that this is a great choice. Over priced in my opinion.
These headphones are great. Great sound etc. The only issue I have ran into is that they lose connection numerous times. I have to unplug and replug them to just keep them connected. It is frustrating. Other than that they are amazing. Super comfortable.
I bought this headset on sale and was able to get a great price on it. That being said, I would not have bought this headset for full price knowing what I know now. The sound and mic are great, but its extremely difficult to set up and tune in the sound for it on the ps4. Time will tell how they hold up...
I love astro Ive always used their headsets and always been a fan when I got these i was blown away by the beautiful color way and design the only reason i didnt give it a 5 stars is because they do take a while to charge but its worth the wait.
The Astro A50 are incredible! The sound quality on them are best I have ever heard on a headset before, and the build quality is superb! My only gripe is that the mic quality is not that of a $300 headset, it sounds worse than my Astro A40 that I upgraded from.
The wireless charging station is great. The headphones are comfortable and the surround sound is amazing. My ONLY complaint is that sometimes when I turn on the headsets they dont connect to my Xbox and I have to turn them off/on, unplug cables, etc. until it finally connects. Overall very happy.
My friends commented on how the mic quality could be better but the audio on this headset sounds really good and gives you options to tune it to your liking. Battery does last for a while and the headset is very comfortable and feels quite durable. On the pricey side but definitely a good product
So far the sound is great, but the mic has some problems. I have read online that if the base station is placed on the left everything is fine because the signal comes from the left ear piece. Astro just put out an update to fix some issues. They do a good job of interacting with people on their forums. So well see....
My turtle beaches broke after a few years so I decided to splurge on some astros and they are great! They have some minimal issues every now and then such as random audio drops or the mic not registering but it is very minimal, but nonetheless prevents it from having 5 stars.
I was told by old gaming friends that this was the ticket. Only complaint Ive heard is that you can hear yourself as you talk though the speakers. I believe you can use software to turn that down. *Never used headset myself so 4 star*
As I said the battery life is nice. The 2014 model was awesome but very poor battery. So i upgraded to better battery. But i was going to take them back but missed the 14 window so now Im stuck with audio cutting in and out. Very loud clicking and popping. I cant even exchange them now
Great audio sound. The headphones arent the most comfortable, they start to hurt the ears after about 30 mins. The speaker for audio input isnt great. Most people online say the voice sounds muffled compared to other headphones Ive used.
This is the best pair of gaming headphones I have gotten ever. The sound quality is next level. The only problem I have with them sometimes connecting them to my Xbox but I’ve found the tricks to make it work easy now
this is my second one (bought one about 2 yrs ago) and was time to upgrade. My only issue with this one is that there is not a way to use it once the battery dies, at least the last gen one I had you could plug it up and charge as you go. Other than that I love my Astros.
Headset feels very comfortable, but foam feels cheap at the same time. Surround sound is great, but voice chat mixes with it poorly. Bass not as strong as previous headset. Battery life is excellent. Range is a bit short. Overall, good headset, but not woth the $300 I paid.
The sound quality is great!! I am using them with an Xbox One and from time to time I have to disconnect the optical cable and power and reconnect them, but updating the headset via PC has helped with these issues so I would anticipate Astro to continue to improve the connectivity to the Xbox.
These are FANTASTIC! The Astro A50s blows everything away. Im hearing things in my games I never knew were there. Extremely happy I spent the extra cash and went big. Setup was easy. Plus, BestBuy Price Matches, so compare prices and buy.
completely WIRELESS. Which is a must have feature. battery life is questionable . I exchanged my first pair since they would barely last 2 hours and go out w no warnign. The second headset def last longer. would recommend the extended warranty on this product.
I was looking into picking up a premium headset and settled on the new Astro A50 (Gen 3). While the price of entry is a bit steep, the sound quality is amazing. The only knock I have with the headset is the quality of the microphone. It will produce a different sound for your voice when in chat.
The sound quality is good but I had to return first pair after only 14 days. One of The charging connectors kept coming out of the charging pad. For the price the charging station should be sturdier.
I own the original a50s and the charger/holder is a lot better. The Dolby surround is top notch. The build quality is very good compared to whats out there regarding gaming. I like razer products but these feel better than than all their offerings and they edge out Logitechs in my opinion.
Audio is amazing with 3 different presets plus a button to turn Dolby on on the headset. Downside is that using it on xbox one youll have between a .2 and .8 second delay in audio, more so when Dolby is on.
Works well with Mac, Windows and Xbox. It has its fair share of issue though, most of them being software / support related. All-in-all a quality headset with some great features, but for $300 I would expect a LOT more.
This headset is way too overpriced for the quality that it provides. It is ok, but my son has always preferred Astro over any other brand of headsets for gaming and the wireless version just does not compare to the wired version, especially when wireless costs more and provides less of what gamers want.
HANDSDOWN BEST SET AROUND. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH TURTLE BEACH. THESE ARE AMAZING AND STURDY!
Love the sound from the astro a50. Went through several other headsets before I settled in these
I would recommend the Astro A50 gaming headset to anyone that was in the market for a pair
Ive use these headphones for PS4 and pc gaming and they work great. Easy to customize and easy to use
He said these are the best Gaming headsets every wouldnt buy anything elso.
The wireless connection never fails and the surround sound surpasses anything that I have ever used.
Bought for my daughter. She loved it and uses it everday. Terrific item
Always go with astros very good sound and comfort even if you wear glasses
Best headset ive ever had.the sounds and voices are clear
Worth the money. Having an issue with connecting after turning on the Xbox. Have not contacted astro yet
I was looking to replace my old turtle Beach headset and I found this Headset to my liking.
Hands down the best headset I have ever had! Price is high but worth it
These sounds great and work perfectly for me switching between my Xbox and PC!
Recent purchase of the Astro A50 Gaming Headset, no regrets but I had to replace these a few times- the volume adjustment fails after bringing it to max. Excellent sound quality. lets hope the manufacturer gets their act together and makes them last longer.
The only problem is I got to keep my ps4 on to charge it or I have to buy a mixamp which Im not doing that other then that it works great and the sound quality is wonderful
They’re good but almost a little too loud at times i guess. But i dont mind it, so yeah they are good.Also make sure to have the correct PS4, you might have to purchase an adapter as well if not
The gen 2 I had was good but battery sucked on it. This one is a little better but they took away the fact you cant increase the volume as loud as you want like the last one. Still yet it gets the job done and has about 15 hours play time.
Great sound love how u can choose 7.1 or just normal but the mic would be a lot better if it was just a button to push if I wanted to mute the mic. The mic itself feels like a cheap plastic rubber and it sits in either the muted or unmuted position.
I had a problem updating the firmware and with party char for the xbox one but after figuring it all out which is what I was doing wrong its been great. The controls on this headset are great, the sound is great, and the wireless is the best about it.
The sound quality is excellent on these. The buzzing that the last generation had is completely gone and the battery life is much better (can get over 10 hours on a charge). However, they tend to lose the signal for a second or two a few times and hour.
I bought these thinking they would be better because they cost so much more than my turtle beach ones. I was wrong! the sound on my end was good but the mic sound was horrible when playing with others. I was really disappointed in them for the price.
Bought these as a gift as I was looking for a new pair to replace a set of turtle Beach headphones . Havent used them yet since there a gift, but the reviews were great and the sale price you couldnt beat for surround sound headphones!
My only complaint is theres no Bluetooth on it so you cannot connect your phone to answer calls or listen to music while you play but it is a great headset you can hear everything around you very very well
headset works and sounds really nice, but the docking base to charge the headset is garbage you have to fiddle with them to get them in charge mode.Plus have to leave the game system in rest mode
love the texture they went with. has amazing sound for cinematic and online gaming (you can actually tell if someone is walking next to you or behind you) gave 4 stars because it scrabbles from time to time but not much, as if their was interference.
Great wireless headset for gaming. Sound quality is awesome but the battery life on these are all over the place. Wish they would offer a removable battery so when it goes out you could swap for a fresh pair to keep gaming.
The headset sounds great, lasts an absurd amount of time and feels good to wear. However, I had to exchange some initial units which suffered from some interference problems where the sound often cut in and out. Make sure to get a good unit.
They sound good and look good but if I did not buy them on sale Im not sure I would pay so much for them especially given that you cant use them on more than one console without modifications.
I was torn between this headset and the Turtle beach Elite 800s. I dont regret going with these. The sound is great, but sounds a little tinny on certain games. The only negative is that I dont believe the price is right. A little too pricey!
Astro has delivered yet another great gaming headset. Whether you are a casual or straight up hardcore competitive gamer, astro A50 works for all occasions. The only complaint is no universal function, one headset for all consoles or pcs
Astro has delivered yet another great gaming headset. Whether you are a casual or straight up hardcore competitive gamer, astro A50 works for all occasions. The only complaint is no universal function, one headset for all consoles or pcs
This is my sons 4th headset and he claims its the best so far. He loves the charging and wireless features. Links up with his controller flawlessly and the optic fiber (charging deck) to his console makes the transmission that much clearer.
This is a top of the line headset that fits all the needs of a competitive gamer or one that wants to be fully immersed. My only complaint is that it doesn’t have its claimed battery time, but it still lasts long enough.
The price is pretty high but the headphones do perform nicely. They are comfortable and have easy adjustments. I dont like the charging base. Sometimes the headset can be difficult to line up for the charging connection.
These are fantastic headphones with a few issues. They are very comfortable but every once in awhile you get some static but still happy with the purchase and thats just usually part of wireless headphones.
The detail in the sound is really good. If your purchasing solely for gaming these are the best hands down. The overall sound quality for the price is just okay. I wouldnt use them for music or movies though.
This is definitely an upgrade from the 10 year old Turtle Beach headset she has but it’s been a pain getting the settings the way she wants. Their website isn’t very user friendly either.
Battery life is great, comfort is great, audio quality is great. The wireless charging base is a great idea but you have to place the phones in the base perfectly otherwise it doesnt charge...hence the 4 star. Otherwise theyre great.
Best sounding head set I have tried and I have tried about 7 diff brands. The only problem is the mic is not as clear and I had issues with mine. Hands down the best sound and the 7.1 surround sound is amazing
Sound quality is good and they are comfortable to wear. They dont shut out ambient noise like other headphones(Turtle 800) and dont give as may options on how to control the sound but overall good headphones.
Fantastic quality and sound. Didnt give 5 stars because although you can switch between PS4 and PC, requires unplugging and re-plugging wires to get both audio and mic use.
Overall it’s a good pair of headphones. The problem I have is that every time I turn off my Xbox one x and then turn it back on again it disconnects. I have to unplug it, wait 10 seconds and then plug it in again.
Had the x500 from Turtle Beach and they discontinued it. I’m a fan of going fully wireless for the headset and gaming on my XB1. Only issue so far is occasional the headset disconnects so breaks in audio at times.
Great directional sound, comfortable. Sometimes headset cuts out, and sometimes docking cradle doesn’t connect to Xbox. Otherwise great headset.
This is a top notch headset, the only problem Ive ever had was the wireless 5Ghz frequency from my router messing with my headset. Once I turned off the 5Ghz frequency off my router most of the problem went away.
I bought this headphones for my son he enjoys playing with his friends online he says he loves them except that once in a while they will cut and he will have to restart them Again other than than he loves them
Great Qauility and sound. Price tag is a bit much. But overall I enjoy them. I wish the base chargers were cheaper. Because you could use the headset for Xbox One as well, as long as you have the Xbox one base charger.
Amazing sound. Decent Mic. Super Comfortable. Great battery with 15 plus hrs of playtime. cool little features added on to the new version. ONLY problem would be the price point since it cost just a much as a system.
Great headset, great sound, decent chatting settings. Needs to be hard resetted every now and then. Just for chatting headsets work better if you plan on chatting in game, way cheaper too.
Headset and Sound quality is great. Very Loud. The Bass is overwhelming at times but its manageable. Love the fact that its completely wireless. May pay for that in the long run.....but hey Ill enjoy it for now.
ProsGame audio is excellent. A micro USB port sits on the bottom edge of the ear cup, along with a single contact connector for charging.ConsNo wired option for mobile devices.Mic needs a firmware update.PRICE!
I love the sound on the headset. but the only thing I cant get used to is when you have the headset on you hear everything that is on the PS4 not just my friend I also hear the game though them.
Really good headset I really like the noise canceling feature. I used to have a pair of A40’s and broke them out of anger but I’m sure these will last!
Cant go back to regular cheaper choices, these headphones are loud! N the highs and lows are there for your listening pleasure! Yes expensive but durable and well built u wont be dissatisfied!
So far I love the wireless astro headset, it has phenomenal sound quality, best headset Ive used so far. The only thing I would like is for it to have an audio jack so I can plug into my phone and listen to music.
I have used Astro for a couple years now and I love the audio it gives. Just wish they can fix the issues mic. Mic either picks up too much or too little there isn’t a good inbetween
My husbands Turtle Beach wireless headphones broke so we went out and bought these. They’re pretty good as he games and he uses them to watch movies. They’re indestructible this far with our 2 year old!
These are pretty good headset but not worth the money they asked for the sound quality is excellent but for 300 you would expect to be able to Bluetooth to your cell phone but you cannot
The headset is probably the best you can get but it’s very costly. At not perfect but if your looking for the best for your gaming experience in terms of comfort and sound than look no further.
Astro put out another great product. The only reason it didnt receive a 5 star was because I have to frequently reconnect the headset with the XBox and when Im in a rush it seems to take a decent amount of time.
Sounds good, easy to connect, but every time I let someone else put it on I cringe thinking they will snap it in half. Im glad a bought the protection plan. $300? I only bought because I "feel" in some $
Best headset hands down, replaced my Skull Candy player 2 with these and couldnt be happier. Only complaint is the doc since it has to be on there perfect to charge
Everything is great about these headphones. The only complaint I have is they are made for XBox One however they do not come with a chat cable. For $300 you would think they could include it.
The headset really comfortable, sound is better than my old _urtle _each stealth. Expensive and worth it if you can afford. I would recommend checking for firmware updates periodically.
Great sound. Excellent response time. Very easy to use. The only complaint is the docking station. It takes some wiggles to set headset correctly in docking station to charge.
They work great when they work, but sometimes they seem to be impossible to turn off or even discharge battery while on the pedestal. Otherwise great!
Absolutely my most favorite headset I’ve owned thus far, but I had to return it because it kept dying over night whether it was being used or not
I was hesitant to switch from turtle beach but these have been great for my gaming. Only thing I wish these had were Bluetooth capability for connecting my phone to it.
Bought these for my husband for Christmas. He LOVES them! They have great sound & outside noise reduction & are wireless. The only down side is the price. They are a tad bit expensive.
Wanted something for online play with my Xbox one. These fit the bill. A bit pricey, but if you have it to spend, these sound really nice.
Headphones were purchased as a gift! Only problem we have noticed is that even though they are for the PS4 and PC, if you switch between them you have change base stations and unplug everything.
These are great headphones you can literally hear everything and it cancels out all outside noise only complaint I have is they can not go very far from the base station and occasionally cut out
Unlike my PS4 counterparts, these guys work well without constantly being plugged in. overall, the comfiest headsets Ive worn and the sound is excellent.
For the prIce you wouldn’t think that you would have to spend extra to get the premium ear cushions. However they are comfortable just the way they are. I would buy them again
They are almost perfect. The fit and control are perfect. The game sound is amazing,but always have a echo on the chat side. Other than that it a amazing product
These headphone are great they sound insanely good to be a set of wireless cans I would give it 5 stars but the fact that it doesn’t work with ps 4 is a bit of a drawback
High quality headset, great audio, fantastic mic, comfortable, durable, and stylish. I wish they stayed charged a bit longer, but overall it checks all the boxes.
I use these for my PC and I love them. Great sound and comfortable. The mic does take some configuration to get it just right but once youve gone through the settings its pretty good.
Sound quality is excellent. Only downside is the mic isn’t that great. Wireless range is good. VERY comfortable, can wear this for hours.
It gets the job done for gaming and you can customize your own sound settings and upload them into the headset i can hear enemies footsteps pretty loud in ww2 call of duty
Pretty great headset all around, long battery life, great sound, only bad thing is that it can be a pain to get them to sit on the cradle correctly, other than that awesome!
The sound quality of this headset is really great. Had a problem with mine to where it wouldnt turn on sometimes but the warranty was really easy and they got it taken care of.
Awesome quality. Like flip up to mute mic. 3 different sound presets. Only thing is that they are not Bluetooth like turtles.
A50 has great sound that can be tailored to your preferred genre using many different custom EQ settings. Comfortable for long play sessions.
Its an amazing headset with great features and sound! I used it for my playstation 4, but sometimes the audio messes up and my friends say I sound static or my voice goes out.
The only bad thing is it last maybe 10 hours on full charger but put it on the dock when youre done using it everytime and turn it off and you will be good
The only bad thing was the headset was a returned item. I didnt know it until I got home and saw the scratches on it. My luck it was the last one.
I bought the A50s strictly for gaming. The mid kit really helps with canceling outside noise id recommend them.
Over all my fiancé loves it we did have to return it due to a piece breaking. One thing he does complain about it that is doesn’t alway charge on the charger
Overall a great experience, sound quality is awesome and the controls on the headset are a great advantage. My own knock is that they have cut out a few times here and there.
this is my second set but the first one was an older version. This updated version is really good and has several functions at your fingertips
After trying many wireless head sets and not like how the fit and found buff, this pair was great! The down fall is drain battery life recommend that you get battery charger.
Upgraded from Astro A40s. I would highly suggest for everyone to go wireless.... WIRELESS is just BETTER. Really like how the color scheme matches that of the PS4.
Its overall great, one major thing is the static noise once the DTS surround button is switched on. It seems to enhance the static noise, bass, but it worsens the treble.
Best gaming headphones I ever bought. Recommend these to any gamer. The sound is amazing. Only thing I don’t like is sometimes it doesn’t want to charge.
Not the best witless haedohones due to the mic I had a lot of issues with people hearing my background noise
Passed my Gen 2s to my son along with my PS4. The Gen 3s sound great but could have retained to connection distance and noise isolating from the Gen 2s
Have bought other head sets before lesser cost but was not happy found these to be well worth the expense
Works well had an issue with the headset not charging unless in the perfect place, just need to pay attention to where you place it on the dock.
Really love the sound and ease of use of this headset. Dislike though all sound and chat cuts out in the middle of the game. Otherwise, very good wireless headset.
Extremely great quality. I would like to see the earphones charge every time when you place them in holder. Overall A-
I think they are a very good headset but for the full price probably not worth the money. If you can get them for a really good price worth it.
this is the most expensive headset ive ever purchased. that being said i feel like my turtle beach 800X elites were way better for $50 less. But since Best buy quit carrying them i had to switch it up. so i bought these. they are great when they stay connected. set up was fairly easy. but i feel like they could have made a detailed system settings set up page.
The interface is different, but once you’re accustomed to it, it’s simplistically brilliant. One tiny issue with having to hard reset on occasion to allow it to charge but its only happen 2x in a month. The pass through fiber optic works great with a new TV. You can use either the headset or the tv sound bar. Battery life is AMAZING. Great for an all day marathon in PS4.
This headset sounds amazing as did my A40 headset. The only problem that I have with it is that the headset operates on the same wireless frequencies as the standard wireless router. Now in a house by yourself you are able to set up your router so that it will not interfere, but in my case with an apartment building there is too much interference at times from other apartments that the headset cuts out completely.
This headset was expensive so I figured it would be miles ahead of my original $150 headset but its on slightly better. However, I like all the convenient features it brings to the table with the magnetic charging dock and how it turns off after you lay it down for15 seconds and instantly turns on when it senses movement. That is why I will keep this headset and be happy paying the amount I did.
Everything on these deserve a 5 star except for the microphone itself. The microphone makes me sound like Im yelling into the mic across the room. For a $300 headset this shouldnt happen. Other than that these headphones passed all expectations and were a major upgrade from my old x32 turtle beaches. My favorite part about these is that they are truley wireless, just turn them on and youre ready to go! Mic and all!
Being a TB loyalist for more than 10 years I had never tried Astros. But recently TB thinks smaller ear cups are comfortable! They are NOT! I feel TB 800 stealth sound better/clearer but they dont compare in comfort plus the voice feedback is sooo much better on these Astros. Ive had them for a month with no issues and absolutely love them! If you game for more than 1 hr at a time forget TB and make the switch!
They work fine enough, but do not fully replace the Sony headset. The Sony headset when they are turn off all the audio sound automatically returns to the TV, with these u have to go in and change your settings. Also after wearing them they do not want to set on the base right so they can charge. You have let them sit there for a while to go back in to pre use shape and then wiggle them around to start charging.
The Great: Sound Quality, Build Quality, Mic Quality, Noise Gate on Mic, Audio MixingThe Terrible: Cushion/ Pad is to small after a while it feels like it’s cutting into your head, The wireless sometimes just cuts out randomly sometimes over and over again and again to the point I just throw them off and stop playing,
The A50 is everything a professional gamer would want from a headset. But while it exceeds expectations when it comes to sound, the extra features such as the PS4/PC split (which was a huge selling point for me) was a disappointment. Other than that, this headset is extremely well-made and functions properly for most of my needs.
Replaced broken Turtlebeach Stealth 500x and these are truely amazing. Completely wireless and able to switch from xb1 to pc in seconds. Gave 4 stars only because TB 500x had slightly better sound (7.1) but even knowing that I would not go back. The mic on this headset is nothing short of amazing and the comfort is light-years ahead of the TB as i have sometimes forgot that i was still wearing the headset.
Positives: 1) wireless 7.1 out of the box with the Xbox2) full feature set and controls that are easily used3) love the base for charging - no cord4) battery life is very goodNegatives:1) sound is OK, not exceptional for the price2) could have more padding in the headband3) mic could be a little better - i do have to talk loudly sometimes for people to hear me
Positives: 1) wireless 7.1 out of the box with the Xbox2) full feature set and controls that are easily used3) love the base for charging - no cord4) battery life is very goodNegatives:1) sound is OK, not exceptional for the price2) could have more padding in the headband3) mic could be a little better - i do have to talk loudly sometimes for people to hear me
These are great head phones. The one aspect over all is how comfortable these are. Ive done 8+ hours of gaming straight (wife was at a baby shower!) i didnt feel any ear fatigue or pressure from the headset. My only complaint is that they dont sound better than $150 sets. But you are paying for that wireless connection, so if you can live with wires save the money otherwise get this set
These sound absolutely fantastic. Weve been playing Siege a lot recently, and you can tell whether someone is approaching you from behind, and even from above or below. My only complaint, and the reason why I gave it 4 stars, is I have to unplug the USB fairly frequently. The XB1 wont recognize that a headset is attached and it wont work. Seems like that shouldnt be an issue for the price I paid.
Very comfortable to wear and the sound quality when plugged into digital audio on my PS4 is amazing and immersive. You get 7.1 surround sound so you can tell where the action is happening or coming from. Gives multiplayer gamers an edge over the competition. Works with PC as well, only wish it was easier to connect amongst multiple devices at once without disconnecting wires.
Unlike my A40’s that had numerous connection issues, the A50’s worked as advertised right out of the box. Expect the initial charging to take a few hours, but a full charge lasts me 2-3 days of play. Sometimes I’ve had some issues with the cradle not pulling the headset in to charging position. Overall, I’m pleased!
Sound quality is outstanding. Had two turtle beach before this and they both broke, either physically or electrically after about 6 months. Im waiting to see how well this holds up, it feels lighter, but it looks more ruggedly made. Only complaint, setup instructions are very small print and had to go to website to update firmware. Documentation was not user friendly.
overall theyre fantastic. i had to return the first pair after a power issue where the headset wouldnt turn on after i fully charged them after a full use. the new pair i got have had zero issues so im chalking that up to a dud in a batch. the wireless range is a little short but nothing thats out of reasonable expectations
This headset, though it costs a penny was worth the buy. Fantastic sound, easy to use and wireless.The reason for the 4 star rating was simply because the huge docking station and the fact I cant replace the mic after my dogs chewed it up. The A40 you can replace the mic on.
This is an awesome headset, I’ve been wanting this headset for the last two years, just finally found a great deal of the day. My only con is the wireless charging station can be a pain. If it’s not sitting exactly like it should it won’t charge. Could just be me but other than that it’s a great headset.
The headset Ive been waiting for....almost.Great headset with huge improvement over its predecessor. Still has occasional issues such as not being recognized by the Xbox One. Have to move it on and off the base and unplug and re-plug the base to get it to assign to my profile. Cant figure out how to stop that issue and havent found any info. Other than that, great headset.
Great quality. Only drawback is charging method that you have to leave system in rest mode for them to charge or plug in elsewhere for charging then hook back up to system. We own 3 sets of Astro headsets and they last forever. All other brands end up breaking after a year but our Astro headsets are still going strong several years later. My husband loves his new wireless ones.
The quality of both the sound and voice quality and microphone quality are excellent. The only issue I have noticed and many other online reviews showed after I ran across it, occasionally you won’t get any sound and/or microphone connectivity. The only resolution is to swap USB ports. It’s only occurred 1 or 2 times but seems to be a common problem
This headset has the best sound quality of any headset out there when Ibtried them on. Only issue is the mic isnt the best but still good and sometimes the charge station will turn on and off randomly. This happens to a lot of people and while it may happen 1-4 times a day Ibwould still reccomend them.
The headset itself is amazing the sound and the control center is very cool for having the right settings the only thing that’s wrong with the headset are the random bugs here and there like turning off by itself or being impaired from the base other than that it’s an nice headset
They are comfortable and the rechargeable battery last a long time. I owned the original A50 first series red. These feel better. Only complaint is the range seems to be shorter than generation 1 I own.They look good feel good and last long time. And completely wireless.Can adjust voice and game to find that perfect mix too.
Great sound and convenience of it being wireless, furthermore it comes with a base to make things even easier. When done playing a game just place it on the base and it keeps the headset charged for the next time. It isnt the cheapest but the quality is quite good and should last you some time unlike the other cheaper models on the market today.
These headphones produce fantastic sound, especially when paired with Dolby Atmos or something similar. Flaws are that its a little finicky to place the headset on the base to get it to charge, and depending on how much wireless interference is present, the audio may occasionally cut out.
Good headset quality is good audio good comfort is good, but the base station... ALOT of issues. Had to warranty these bad boys out 2 times. All the issues were base station issues too, base station wouldnt come on or the base station wouldnt connect to the actual headset so aggravating!
would definitely recommend to anyone who considers them self a gamer. the surrounding sound is amazing, easy to hear people from any direction and instantly know where. The only thing I was wish for would be Bluetooth like in the higher end turtle beaches but unfortunately those don’t match the comfort of Astros.
These are great headphones. My only two complaints are the headphones are a pain to seat into the charging base and the mic is quiet and I had to mess with settings to get it loud enough for my friends to be able to hear me. They are comfortable even for long periods with glasses on and sound great with many audio settings.
The A50s provide amazing surround sound! Make sure to follow the setup instructions or you will pull your hair out. Optional noise cancelling mod kit is also available. The only down side is that when they get low on battery, they have trouble keeping a good connection to the base station.
This headset would be perfect were it not for it completely dying and not turning on on after 2 weeks of use. I took it back and got a new one without a problem and seems to be working perfectly. It has the best sound Ive heard even as a standard pair of headphones and they sound absolutely amazing during gaming sessions! Its also COMPLETELY WIRELESS!
Great sound and fit. Headphones are mostly comfortable but a little heavy. Not great padding on head bar. Bought the mod kit and that helped but pricey. Should have come with the product initially. Also on mod kit, the noise cancelling ear cups didnt cancel outside noise and were not as comfy as the stock cups.
I have a Razer Kracken V2 Chroma for my PC and I bought these for my PS4 Pro, the talkback of the Razer headset forced me to go look in the market for the best headset. Ive found these to be very comfortable but kind of choppy (for some of my friends) for audio. I think it may be on their end because mine sounds and works crystal clear.
These are the best witless headphones I’ve ever owned. I can’t even hear my girlfriend yelling at me telling me to get off the freaking Xbox. :)
Astro Gaming - A50 Wireless Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound Gaming Headset for Xbox One and Windows - Black and Green------great product, sound quality is amazing!
Gray headset. I used turtle beach before this and these are way comfortable. I can keep them on all day without hurting my ears. Of course they have great sound.
I have them for about a month now. Working great, so far has not experienced any connection or charging issues. Its made an awesome New Year present.
Sounds good, looks good and all the functions work as described. Definitely a great buy for anyone looking for a headset that should last them a long time.
If your looking for the best gaming headset...this is it. Surround sound is perfect and audio is amazing. The headset inst too heavy and is super comfortable.
The product works extremely well. I really enjoy the flexibility to move about without have w cable to hinder my movement when engaging in video gaming.
Love these Astros for PS4 gaming. Mic can be a little better but nothing beats the sound these put out. Also, they are super comfortable and dont hurt your ears.
Great sound & quality, Astros are life. Love the new colors as well. Have had no problems. Just wish geek squad protection had an option for accidental damage :(
Great headset and very good wireless connectivity. Only negative is the charging base is a bit finicky at times
Best headset I have ever owned. Feels like it was made with quality materials and the sound is unbeatable.
Simply Amazing quality and performance. It’s comfortable, sound awesome with Dolby Atmos, simple, and has a docking station...what more could you want.
So far this is a pretty good wireless headphone set. I have had multiple Astro headsets and this one is the best so far
I bought this headset for my grandson. They are his absolute favorite of all his things. Two of his friends bought the exact same ones after using his
Great headphones, sound quality is amazing, but i think the A40s might be slightly better since they are wired
Ive gor the A40s and im even happier A50 wireless. i recommend this product to anyone. also just play with it and you will get used to the settings and such.
I got these for my husband & he absolutely loves them! I even tested them and the sound is amazing.
The sound quality is outstanding with Dolby digital, range isnt to far but definitely far enough.
As far as headsets go I havent found a better one for the price of the A50. Very good sound and loads of room for adjustment with the command center.
These headphones are the best one on the market in my opinion. Amazing comfort and surperb audio clarity
Perfect headset for anyone looking for a clean setup. No wires and battery life for days
Only issue is switching back and forth between Xbox and pc can be a hassle sometimes, have to unplug and replug to reset it and switch the cables.
I love my headphones. They are made very well and sound great. Ears get a little warm not much u can do about that
Good sound quality took a little while to adjust the settings but once they’re dialed in they are great
Great head set. First time with wireless and I totally love them. Wont go back to wired. Better quality then wired ones
best headset available for gaming pc/xbox/ps4 hands down..... high quality and very comfortable... completely 100 percent wireless 7.1 dobly digital sound
Havent had any issues with the wireless aspect. The sound is great with a wide variety of sound options. Overall very happy with this headset.
I highly recommend these headphones to any gamer. The price point is a little high but they are worth it. Very well made and sound quality is outstanding.
The sounding so dam good it’s amazing !! The gaming is perfect for fortnite or bo4 you can hear everything clearly
This is my second working pair of A50s. I got this one for my PS4. Great product, comfortable and reliable.
These headphones block outside sound good and have good sound quality with games and movies
I cannot put the quality of sound into words. Upgraded the sound stage tremendously. Surround sound is so crisp, and headphones add the the immersing effect.
These headphones are top of the line. I believe there’s a better set out there. Great sound and worth every penny !
Great entry wireless gaming headset. My only issue is how really wireless it is but i dont have to worry if i turn my head cords going everywhere!
pricy but definetly worth it. has a lot of functions and a lot of controls for when youre playing or watching tv.
Phenomenal headset. You literally hear everything crystal clear. Sometimes it gets oht of sync but its not much
I read the reviews and this Headphone is far the best. I’ve tried different ones with the same features as this, and none is as good as the A50
Very comfy can game for hours and with a 15 hr battery sounds like a plan. The sound is amazing and chat works great.
Great headset i love everything about it very comfortable light weight best investment in headset i have ever done
The quality, the sound, the fit, everything is great about these headphones and worth the money.
The A50 are great. I am very happy with this purchase. The A50 is wireless and has great sound while gaming or watching movies. I highly recommend the A50
Perfect gift for Christmas or birthday. Really spikes up your game and the voice balancing is perfect for streaming.
Put these on and your feel like you are right in the game. Amazing realistic sound. Great quality and fast charge time.
you get what your pay for and these are worth the money. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking to upgrade
My personal favorite gaming headset. This headset you hear everything and every footstep. Amazing surround sound.
This headset is worth the money. It has held up and is much better quality than Turtle beach. I would purchase this one again and recommend this set!
I use these when my fiance is asleep. They work really good i got them for a great deal at best buy just need to look in the deals everyweek.
Once I got them setup properly, they are amazing. Great sound quality and easy charging. Battery lasts a long time too. Great headset
Getting rid of the cord from controller to headset is a great thing. The quality is good and the sound is great. I like Astro better than Turtle Beach.
I wanted a good headset. I know the name Astro speaks for itself. These are completely wireless and look great. I bought them on sale $224.99.
I purchased this headset as a gift for my son and he loves it. The battery life and sound quality are great.
Sound quality is great. So far no problems. If you use Headphones to play, these are the ones to get. Went through two pairs of turtle beach.
I went from the stealth 600 to these Astros and noticed a big difference. Good sound and great quality! Great buy
I have had many headsets for gaming but this specific one just blows all other headsets away
these headphones are great for when i am playing my playstation. they hold a nice charge and i hear clearly
in my gaming life i have went through 8 pairs of turtle beaches always do to poor quality, for me the feature is the ear pieces swivel 360
This is one of the best headsets Ive ever owned. Easy to connect. Make sure you use the USB and plug it directly to the back of the Xbox one
I bought these on sale for a good price. I used them playing BF1 and I could I hear all the bullets whizzing by.
A bit on the expensive side, but real comfortable and easy to use, battery lasts long gaming sesions. No problems whatsoever after a 6 weeks.
I bought them as a gift for my nephew and he says they are freakin awesome so I guess thats what they are
THESE ARE WELL WORTH THE MONEY FOR THE QUALITY THAT THEY PROVIDE. MY LAST ONES I HAD FOR ALMOST 8 YRS
I bought these as a gift for my boyfriends birthday and he is absolutely in love with them! He loves the style of them and how good they are!
These are my first set of Astros and I couldnt be happier. The charging station and the completely wireless headset is a win. Great sound and comfort.
I cant believe how fantastic these headphones are. I can hear everything and it is unbelievably clear. You need to get a pair if you dont have one.
Worth the cost. Is working well for its purpose. My grandson often shows off this headset to his friends.
We have had both turtle beach and sony playstation headphones...Hands down the A50 has been the best of the bunch
Was looking for a new headset for my xbox and read some reviews spoke with of my friends and went a head and made a purchase. Great sound and clarity,
My son loves his new headset!! Highly recommend!! I got for $225!!!! Saved $75!! On-line on Thanksgiving!!
My son loves his new gaming headset. He had a Turtle Beach headset before these and he loves these so much more!
This headset has great sound and a great mic. This is one of the best headsets out but it is really expensive.
This headset is a great headset for serious gamers, although a little hard to set up, it gets the job done.
Very good headset the quality and sound are very good and I owned a lot other high end headsets this one by far my favorite
They fit great .The hearing is good.the color isnt what I wanted .I didnt like the fact they didnt pricematch
Dont believe the hype about turtle beach this is what a real gamer needs for full Dolby sound and comfort. Its lightweight and completely wireless
These were recommended by a friend. I am beyond impressed with the sound quality as well as the comfort.
HEADSET GIVES ME PERFECT SOUND AND IS LIGHT WEIGHT. I LIKE IT, BECAUSE, IT IS WIRELESS.
I bought these for my brother for an early birthday present. And he loves them. I figured he would as I have the ps4 version and I love mine.
I purchased this as a gift for my son, he already had one but did mention he loved it. we are in process of returning the product soon
My son has been enjoying his head phones alot, he said it has alot of clarity that no other head phones has. He should know hes gamer
Wanted wireless for awhile but hated replacing batteries every night. The charge holds on these for over 12 hours which pretty much sold me!
Love my Astros, they are light, can be worn for hours of game play. And the surround sound has caught me off guard a couple times.
I got these astro A50s for my birthday from my girlfriend and Im in love with them! i use them every time I play!! Get yourself a pair today!!!!!
I love these headphones. They are worth every penny. Totally wireless and extremely easy to set up and use. I should have bought these earlier.
I bought 2 pairs of these, one for my son and one for myself. No doubt this is the best headset on the market! Def recommend to all gamers!!
Upgraded from the gen 2 astro headset and absolulety love theses! great quality sound and durable build! definitely recommend over turtle beach.
I have had every head set out there, this is by far the best. Made good and I am very satisfied
The sound quality is amazing . Also the battery life is very good can last truly up to 12 hours.
I love it. Works great and the sound is spectacular. The ear muffs feel nice and I use them everyday
If you are looking for easy set and loud and clear sound for gaming, this is you head set. Tried 150.00 range and sound was very low.
This headset is just awesome. Easy setup with no issues. Sound quality is second to none and they are extremely comfortable. Couldnt be happier!
sounds awesome perfect for FPS games. You are able to pinpoint the footsteps where they’re coming from
Quality matters when it comes to sound. These headphones truely deliver!!!
This is a really good headset. Excellent sound, easy to use. Definitely a good purchase, and recommended.
Great for gamers. I tried them on and they have great sound. Totally recommend
This is my second pair of A50 better than first gen headset. The surround sound is incredible.
Boyfriend wanted these. He refuses to use turtle beach and he really likes these headphones.
There is nothing better than these. Stop your search now
Got these for my son who is in college. His eyes lit up like he was 8 again. Best headset he has owned.
This headset it awesome! I didn’t regret this purchase at all. Very clear sound.
These headphones are the fourth brand I have purchased for my grandson and he says these are the best!
If you want excellent audio performance? This is the product for you!
Used to be a turtle beach guy until I bought these, now it’s game over
I love these headphones. Although i almost choked paying the price They are well worth it.
The Dolby sound is amazing. Super comfortable and all the features are useful during gaming.
I would highly recommend these headphones. A little pricey, but worth it in the end. They are awesome!!
This is my second one, I have one for my PS4 and this one for Xbox this is the best out there
absolutely love the sound it is so great and clear and easy to hook up and maintain
These were for my son who is an avid gamer. They work with his computer and Xbox great buy!
I thought the A40 was the best until this one came out. The sound is better and its wireless.
Sound is amazing also very comfy only bad thing is battery life ain’t what expected
Love the wireless feature, no more people having to jump over a cord.
This is an excellent product! The sounds quality is fantastic!!
A bit on the pricey side but tops for sound fit and comfort! You cannot go wrong
Tried many...this is by far the very best gaming headset I’ve owned. Surround sound is awesome
Best headset on market...Incredible surround sound...amazing item!! Love it
Son really likes his headphones would recommend to Anyone whos is into online gaming
The best pair of headsets Ive ever owned!! Perfect for gaming, music, and movies! Perfect!
This is the best headset I have owned. The headset is expensive but I am happy with the quality.
I owned several pair including turtle beach 800x and Astro a40. These are the best so far.
Didnt know this was the first headset my son ask for and i baught another name brand he loves this one
These are 100% wireless no chat cable needed. You get what you pay for. Quality is amazing all around.
The sound is good as they claimed to be, outstanding optical sound
The headphones have great sound quality and fit well on your head.
My grandson says he never had a better headset - all features work very well with all games on XBox.
My son uses them to play small of duty he said they work great he can hear everyone moving around him
Couldnt be any happier. Hookup and configuration was simple, gotta charge it before you can use it
They are the best they work good on my PS4 and this are bettler that Turtle Beach
Purchased it for my son on xmas. Buggah was expensive. Other than that, no comment. LOL
Great sound and love the freedom of wireless. Highly recommended.
Amazing headset clear sound noise cancellation !!!
I was scared at first but when i got them i feel in love with them, they are the best..
Great quality headsets, great sound. Most definitely recommend
Good headphones I would recommended to all my friends
My son loves them! He says they are the best gaming headphones.
Wonderful headset for gaming and movies. Wonderful sound and great battery life.
Really comfortable headset. Great sound. Easy access to all controls.
Headset is awesome real upgrade to online gaming enhanced sounds and overall better gaming experience
The best gaming headset out, love my pair...Would definitely recommend.....
This headset has fabulous sound and really brings things to life.
comfortable,great sound,and long battery life!!!!!
Great headset with alot of versatility and allowable movement with no cords and easy use
My Son is loving these headsets! He has used Turtle Beach in the past and these are great!
Comfortable, tight fitting, very good sound. Love the colors
No trouble, good gaming headset. I would recommend.
Best headset I have ever owned. Good clarity. Great convenience.
Cant beat the quality of this product compared to other brands.
Headphone has very good sound quality, durable and easy to set up.
I would recommend these headphones to anyone. Very comfortable.Sound great!
This is by farcthe best GAMER HEAD SET. I have had several different and this is the best so far.
they work well and the sound quality is spot on. I would recommend
Excellent headset. Very comfortable and the charging cradle rocks.
Definitely a headset worth owning. Sound is amazing and it takes gaming to another level.
A well-studied decision to buy theses. My grandson LOVES these headphones.
As a pro gamer I recommend this headset . Best sound quality and completely wireless .
This has got to be the best headset you can buy in stores.
Battery life and comfort allow me to wear these for extended periods of time.
Great price for a great product my son absolutely love it
This is such a great headset . My son uses them for his gaming and has given them five thumbs up !
These are a must need to any gamer out there. Best headsets in the market
They sound great, build quality is strong, and its an easy set up
Love the headphones. Think the price is a little steep, but got on sale. Sound quality is pretty good, but mic is meh..
There are better for pc but for console this is the best money can buy. Doesn’t feel heavy or hot on the head after long sessions. Great surround sound and easy set up.
I bought these headphones for my son who enjoys gaming. They work great and he loves them. They are the best headphones we have purchased so far.
I bought these to replace a gen1 pair Ive had for years. The setup was a breeze and sound is amazing. Very glad I upgraded!
VERY HAPPY WITH THE QUALITY OF THE HEADPHONES! CAN NOT BELIEVE HOW MUCH BETTER THESE ARE THAN MY TURTLE BEACHES!
This headset is a top of the line gaming headset made with a extremely easy setup process. I highly recommend.
Connection flawless, auto shutoff preserves battery excellent audio fidelity, app is useful and easily customizes experience
The perfect headset for the extreme gamer. Had an equivalent Turtle Beach but these put the Turtle Beaches to shame. Perfect for those with a big head too. Very sturdy and durable.
Top notch headset for top notch price. I’m loving the 7.1 surround sound. By far the best headset I’ve ever purchased!
Astro delivers by far the best sounding gaming I can hear anything and everything in every game that I play. I feel fully emerged. Its incredible.
I highly recommend them for those who enjoy amazing sound during their gamin experience. Price is worth the payoff
I bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend, he absolutely loves it! Theyre super comfortable for longer periods of time, have great sound quality and are well built.
Sounds great and comfortable. For the price it shouldve been compatible with all platform. Additional base station is another 100$.
My son absolutely loves them he thinks that they were worth every penny it was his for Christmas present that’s only thing you wanted and was very please with them
Amazing headsets, i have had the older generations and they were great. This one is no different with the exception that it got better with the charging dock!!!
I bought these to replace my turtle beach elite 800x and best decision I could make. Easy set up and easy controls sounds quality and comfort are top notch
Best headset on the market! Great quality, nothing compares to the comfort of the headset. The sound in game is amazing, the battery life is also great. I would buy again.
Much more comfortable and superior sound quality than the sub $100 headsets and these are now fully wireless, which is awesome.
The sound quality and comfort are improved from the previous A50. The headset doesnt always sit in the charging dock correctly and the Bluetooth doesnt connect automatically.
I bought them for my husband and I didnt know why he kept talking about them..... so one day I tried them when he was playing fall out ..... Wow its so awesome
The sound is amazing. It is very comfortable and fits like a glove. The battery power lasts for a very long time when full charged.
I have bought 4 of these for my family we all game and love them no cords getting in the way, great sound cant complain at all.
Always used turtle beach head sets and never had an issue, but decided to spend the extra money and it was definitely worth it.
Headset is comfortable and amazing quality, granted its pricy and have had trouble finding a great headset and the mod kits make it even better would recommend!
Ive used other headsets and by far Astro gaming headsets are my go to. Deliver on sound quality, very durable, and have a good battery life. Highly recommend Astro.
Great headset! Provides a lot of options with provided software. Mic is sensitive, but easy to modify settings to make that issue go away.
What a amazing headset, This a really Good Headset the prices is high but it is worth it. The battery life on this is the same as the sound Great Really Love them a lot
This is literally the best headset on the market. The sound will help your gaming skills and experience get better
This headset is awesome in every way. I have zero complaints. It is comfortable, very crisp sounding, easy to use and has a great look to it.
I got a great deal on these headphones. Very happy with them. Replaced my Gen2s and I really like the charging base improvement
After 2 turtle beach headset since breaking on me I finally made the switch and I couldnt be happier. Great sound and mic quality
I recently had the turtle beach elite 800 and when I got the Astro A50s Ill never go back there way more comfortable and the sound quality is amazing! For the casual gamer
This is my first pair of Astro’s gaming headset. Quality is great sounds are amazing. Keeps a good charge time. I have no complaints.
Definitely a bit pricey but at least I haven’t had any issues with these compared to others. Definitely recommend.
These are absolutely amazing. The best headsets I’ve ever had. Switched over from turtle beaches to these and I’m very impressed
Great headphones! Not only do they work great with my PS4 and are super simple to set up. They are great for watching tv late at night when everyone else is in bed.
Super headset that gets all the stars from me. Incredible and reliable. Stays charged for a very long time.
These headphones have me spoiled. they are so comfortable and pick up all of the sound on my playstation. No echos or crackling just great sound in a comfortable headphone!
Got mine during the BF discount sale and it is worth the 220 I spent on it. Amazing bass, true wireless connectivity, quick one button switch from Xbox to PC.
Excellent sound quality with surround sound. Easily hear footsteps from enemy players. Mic is very clear and works really well
My BF has bought and returned several gaming headphones, completely unhappy. I bought him these and he says they are perfect.
This headset is awesome. All around sound very crisp and clear it’s perfect for any type of gaming.
Purchased this headset as I previously owned the A40 on PS4 definitely the best headset Ive owned! Would definitely recommend to anyone in the market for a headset .
This headset is built to last. And the sound quality. You will never need to get a new headset.
Absolutely worth the money. Build sturdy and has a great battery life of at least 16 hours and comes with docking station. Best ps4 headset for the money.
The sound quality is incredible, pretty durable build. They are pricey, but if youre serious about gaming/streaming, buy these!
Before using the Astros I was use to the one ear headset that Microsoft provided. Now that I finally invested into a pair of Astros I will never go back to anything else
Major improvement over the previous a50 model. Better sound clarity and great battery life. Have used every gaming headset model out there and these are ones I use daily
Great sound and design. The only draw back is when not in use other players can hear your game volume while playing online. You have to unplug them to stop the issue.
These headphones are the best bang for your buck. Connect to the Xbox directly with no wires. Charging is easy on the dock. No down sides to these headphones.
The 7.1 Surround Sound immerses you completely in the game, and the battery life and feel is satisfactory for my 8+ hour sessions.
Moved to Astro from turtle beach because I kept having issues. Would recommend these over turtle beach hands down 10/10 times
Surprised hubby with these and he couldn’t be happier. Wasn’t to hard to set up and now that he has had them about a week and figured them out he loves them
The sound is great and its lightweight, but sometimes getting it to set correctly on the charger is a pain.
My husband was in need of new headphones. After checking online this one does all it needs, great sound, amazing design. And super cool looking charging station.
I got this during black friday sales for $224. The built quality is top notch and the 7.1 sounds in game is incredible. Im really happy with the purchase.
It is the ultimate tool for the full gaming experience. Even better that there are no wires to get in the way and they have perfected the charging station. Well done!
Great gamer headset. Husband says dolby sound is wonderful. Fits better on his head (he has a large head) likes the wireless charging
Research pays off when youre buying something for a grandson, where gaming is a part of life. Hes was very happy especially with the chargingroup (cradle) feature.
High quality headset with a long lasting battery and it also won’t hurt your ears after long gaming sessions.
They are expensive, but totally worth it if you want a more premium gaming headset. Comfortable, great sound, completely wireless on Xbox.
By far the best wireless headset on the market!!! Worth the 299.99 price!!! I would pay 399.99 for these, great for gaming and wireless purpose
Are they cheap no, are you serious about ur gaming? If the answer is yes then look no where else.
Great wireless headset. Great sound long battery life. The best part to me is the charging stand.
This headset is great for its features but the charging docks simple aux import is the real mvp, allows me to expand my headset to more than just gaming
Amazing sounds quality, amazing comfort, sometimes sound cuts out for a second but it isnt a big deal. Lovely battery life
Love the wireless aspect only downside is often I have to disconnect my base in order for the Xbox to connect to the headset. Other than that they are perfect.
I am able to adjust if i want the background sound louder or the other sound louder. It has a sturdy material, and comes with a charger. No batteries needed.
Love the A50 wireless! Great sound quality. (I owned the wired set but kept having mic issues). These are better than turtle beach which would be my second choice.
Love this product. It Sounds great & the mic quality plus mute function is awesome.
Bought this for my son for his birthday and he loves it. Great for his gaming on XBOX!
There sound quality is amazing it does have some issues to mute my mic and sounding like a robot
The best headset for PlayStation 4 I’ve ever owned
Ive had turtle beachs elite x800 many times for years. But theh dont compare to these astros
Astro’s are by far my favorite headsets around. Great sound and quality mic.
Sound quality is amazing. Easy to setup and comes with all the wires needed.
This headset is comfortable and has clear great sound.
Best headset I’ve ever had !! I’ve always used turtle beach , these feel and sound much better !
Ive had last gen Astros. Im a gamer and I enjoy the wireless capabilities I cant wait to get the PS4 version.
I would recommend this headset. The sound is phenomenal.......
Astro - A50 Wireless Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound Gaming Headset for Xbox One and Windows - Black and Green
The combination of the wireless charging dock, and sound quality--this is my go-to headset for gaming.
Great quality from the materials and sound used to make it.
The instructions are very vague but they sound very clear and comfortable to wear
You hear every detail with these headphones. Definitely worth the money.
It makes the game sound like it is all around me. It keeps out disturbing noises. The headset fits well
These headphones sound stellar and are really comfortable. Your head doesnt sweat and you can game for hours.
I love these! Super comfortable, well built, fantastic sound!
Great quality sound also very comfortable and easy instructions
Great sound, light to wear, good design and the right price. Can’t beat it.
Best headset overall for gaming. I would recommend it for any serious gamer
my son loves the fact that it is wireless and he can move around the house with them........
I used to buy only Tirtle Beach brand headsets until I found Astro. These headphones are awesome.
Ive always run beaches until I tried these. So much better made an options.
i got it and tested it during one of my games and my friends tested it as well and all I can say is fanstastic
These guys are way better then any others ive had before. I hav had bunch from several brands
Great sound. Easy to use. Very comfortable. Returned turtle beach and others. Thes are worth the price
Very comfortable, works well, easy to setup, great battery life. Very affordable, worth every dollar
Audio and range are great! Can differentiate game audio from chat and control ratio of what one prefers.
Awesome product I wish it there as a function to have better function for the game chat and voice chat
Best pair of headsets I’ve owned! First wireless pair and won’t go back to wired!
These headphones are awesome for gaming! They make it feel like you are really there in the action.
Excellent choice for my son! He says it works well with his xbox
Always need to keep up the the newest technology for gaming
This headset is a must have for a true gamer and also for Hulu and Netflix its like your at the movies
We have had multiple headsets for our PS4....these have been the best by far
Great headset even though its a little bit pricey. Cant beat wireless.
Comfortable, sounds excellent. Dolby sounds a little muffled, hopefully will fix with firmware update.
They are the best head set they do exactly what was said very satisfied!
Battery life is fantastic and sound quality is great. Transition between the Xbox and PC is very simple.
These things have awesome sound and the cradle charger is so nice. The battery lasts for a good long time.
It’s the best that is out there for now. Only real issue is you won’t hear anything with them on.
This is the best headset I have ever purchased. It works great for gaming.
Excellent headset, with very premium feel and sound. Would definitely buy again and recommend to friends
Great sound and really comfy around your ear and the new charging base is a lot better than the previous one
This wireless headset is comfortable and great for gaming for up to twelve hours.
ComfortableHigh quality sound I Wish it had bluetoothGreat for long sessions
Its a great headset and Astro has great customer service
This is a great headset for any gamer. The sound is incredible allowing you to hear things all around you.
Wireless signal seems to interfere sometimes even when at close range but is not something to worry so much
The best headset I have I love, the sound is really good
This is a second pair of headphones.The first ones broke.
Lovely gaming headset with several features. Love the sound
Headset is awesome!! You can hear everything crystal clear. It really holds a charge. Nice charger
Love this headset no problems happy I got this headset
I got these for my boyfriend to play video games with!
I luv this headset. Works great on my laptop and my X1. Sounds incredible and the mic is superb.
Honestly in love with my headset really gives me that edge
Got this for my husband. Its a nice headset. Its wireless and also customizable. He loves it.
Great headset. Compare to the turtle beach elite, this one are much better in quality sound. Recommended!!
One of the best headphones wireless. The only thing I would say, I wish it had Bluetooth.
I bought these astros for my son, & the quality is outstanding... very pleased with them
By far the beat headset I have ever used. Fantastic sound, very comfortable, and durable.
My son loves these and has had no problems with them. Bought the same thing a few years ago and no problems with them as well. Quality item
I was iffy about it at first but i am so happy and satisfied with the purchase. No more cords. A very user friendly headset.
Good quality sounds no have cancelled noise but u can buy the cancel noise kit separate
Best Gaming Headset by far for the XBOX One. I have been through Turtle Beach and Titans but the ASTRO 50s are the best yet.
it is so nice to be able to play my video games without disturbing everyone else in the room and still have the sound of my surround sound.
Product works as expected and produces great sound and wireless freedom. Can tether product to charge and use simultaneously.
Best gaming headset Ive ever had. Can hear things which allow me to be more competitive while playing
The battery lasts a long time with a full charge, and the sound is unbelievable. Would recommend this product.
Only differences I can tell from the older A50 model is the charging base. No feedback noise in headset that the older unit had as well.
This headset is good . . . Obviously. You don’t spend this much and not get quality. You get what you pay for, plain and simple
These are the best gaming headphones that I have owned in the last 5 years. Voice is crystal clear!!
They do exactly what they say. The price is a little steep but if you can buy em go for it.
Good quality sturdy headset.the sound uz amazing .
Love how they update the design Great sound, easy set up and most important finally a fully wireless gaming set of headphones.
These headphones are great! I was also able to purchase an Xbox stand and I can switch between ps4 and Xbox, it’s great!
My son loves this headset he uses it for his video games and can hear everything.
Gave this as a Christmas gift to my son who is a gamer and nothing else mattered after he opened this one. He absolutely loves this headset!
This is the 3rd pair of A50’s I’ve had and I’ll never buy anything else. Most comfortable and best sounding headset on the market!
There nothing else out there that can completely with the COMFORT, SOUND QUALITY, bass, treble, frequency, I mean you name it, its beautiful!
Headphones are hard to keep. So far so good. This is my second pair. Love them. Good sound
Sound is impressive, by far the best low tones Ive heard in a headset for gaming. You can hear all subtle sounds, highly recommend.
Wow! They are so precise in sound quality that I dont ever want another pair of headphones. Great investment for you gaming system!
Astro might be the best product in terms of headsets to buy in the market right now stay away from TB
I would definitely recommend this headset for PS4. The other competitors begin to break and crack. Especially as much as my son uses them.
The headset is great and extremely comfortable. I highly recommend this for those serious gamers.
I had issues with my older headsets, but this one is like the BMW of headsets. I really enjoy it.
Ive been wanting some great gaming headphones and this takes the cake, I play so much better now since I can hear the game better now.
This headset is awesome and the tech support from astro is super good. All my friends say the mic sounds awesome and I love the sound.
These headphones are great. The charge lasts for hours. Obviously not the cheapest but you get what you pay for.
I bought these as a gift for my brother, he’s a competitive gamer and he loves them.
Great build quality, great sound, battery life is a bit light though. Haven’t got as many hours as advertised. Otherwise A+!
Great headset, the sound is amazing. Its super loud. Plus the music sounds amazing too.
Best headset in the market in my opinion, wont regret if you buy it. Great battery life.
Gave a set of Astro gaming wireless headphones to a child in the hospital who was playing on a Play Station 4 and he just loved them.
This is an amazing headset. Completely wireless and sounds superb. A lot of customization available through the software as well.
Very durrable. Slick looking. Great for gamers. Sound is great. Nois cancelation not so much, but enough
Ive tried many different headsets before and these astros are by far my favorite. I would recommend getting geeksquad if you buy them.
I purchased this headset and was immediately amazed at how well it performed! I had to update the firmware, but this device is a beast!
I can hear foot steps which is real important in these FPS games. The microphone is good for a gaming headset.
Great quality sound and functionality. I use it all the time when gaming and never complained once
Owned a older pair they i needed a upgrade these are awesome great sound last forever while playing 4 hours no issue at all
Love the headset, make sure to adjust setting on command center and update the firmware, it helps with any mic issues people might have.
It is an awesome headset. My kid loves it. The sound in the gaming system is extremely improving. So far so good..
Amazing sound and quality. Very comfortable and easy to use and set up.
Bought these as a present for my boyfriend and he absoulutely loves them. No complaints.
I couldn’t ask for a better more comfortable headset. Clarity is great!!
AWESOME HEADSET! SUPER COMFORTABLE! SOUND QUALITY IS AMAZING! BEST HEADSET IVE OWEND! HANDS DOWN! YOU WILL NOT REGRET THESE
Mt husbands other headset broke so i bought him these. he absolutely loves them. he said that they are much better than his last pair.
The A50 is an amazing head set. Clear crisp sounds and very comfortable to wear. The docking charge station is great.
If you want SOUND and QUALITY these are the best headphones available. You hear sounds from the games that youve never heard before.
My son absolutely loves this headset. Best he has ever had. Extremely happy with this product.
all i can say is wow.. these things are great people who are having issues just need to update firmware and they are ready to go.
Works great without any delay and plenty of range for a single story apartment to walk around.
The headset is great. Easy to set up and use. I thought the price was high but I didnt think twice about the price once I used it.
I cant say how much I love these can here all the foot steps around me from such a distant must have for gamer of all ages
This headset is like no other Ive tested. They are extremely comfortable for long periods of time and can be charged wirelessly!!
Elite 800’s are a waste of time!Astro 50 are well worth the $$. Great overall sound and killer Dolby 7.1! A must buy!
This headset is very nice! Definitely worth the price. Volume is great, charge actually stays, just overall a great purchase!
My son’s other headset broke, so he picked this one to replace it & he loves it!
Worked as expected! No problems. Bought for my son and he really likes them
The Astro A50’s are excellent headsets for gaming. The price is a bit high, but no complaints here on them!
Cant find a flaw. Sounds great. Battery seems to last forever. Easy set up. No wires is the best!
The best money I have spent on a headset. Great quality. Worth every penny
Astro makes the best head sets. I would still go with the one with the mixing table.
Fantastic clear and concise sound. Hearing background sounds never heard before.
I wanted to be able to get volume from my xbox and my computer at the same time and it did. Sounds great no issues at all.
He’s headphones are simply awesome! Worth every penny, durable and very clear and sound.
The headset is very durable and I love the sound and the software is easy to understand.
Best headsets for xbox one with microphone .loud ,tv qauility sound and loud microphone for chat . lasts long can charge over night
I have had these for ps4 and xbox one. By far the best Ive ever used, the wireless is great. you get what you pay for.
Very clear and high volume. You just have to mess around with the game volume and the chat volume to get a good setting.
really great for gaming, the only issue i had was that other players were unable to hear me, but i eventually fixed the issue
If your looking for high quality gaming headphones that will be comfortable for long periods and sound great than look no further.
By far the best gaming headset in the market. Very comfortable the sound is amazing and the charging dock is amazing.
A50 Wireless deliver crisp sound for both gaming and television browsing.
wow these are the greatest headphones. the things i hear playing ps4 are incredible. the headphones are pricey but worth it.
I bought it for my 16 year old grandson and he is very pleased with the headphones and said all his friends are wanting one now.
Best headset I have ever bought. Sound is incredible, set up is easy. Price is a little high, but after using them, well worth it.
Loud and clear. Had to return another brand headset due to lagging one the Xbox One. This set there is no lag at all
For the price I was expecting the best sound quality. This headset does not disappoint. Highly recommended.
I would recommend them if you have the extra money. If not buy the a40
The sound is unbelievable and definitely improves your gaming experience.
This is a quality wireless headset. The ear pads are comfortable and it Keeps a charge all day. The base makes for easy charging.
They have great sound and are easy to use. Battery charge is good.
This headset is amazing. The sound quality is awesome and well worth the price.
I upgraded from the 2nd gen a50 because my chat cable went bad. No regrets, best feature is the charging base
I picked this headset up to play fist person shooters and its the best purchase Ive made in a while. Clear, crisp sound.
Amazing. Best sound. This will put you in the game. You can hear every little detail. If you are a gamer its worth the price
Bought as a Christmas guy for my 12 year old. Works really well. Holds a great charge.
This is by far one of the best wireless gaming headset on the market. Fully customizable!
after trying the steelseries arctis pro wireless, i found these much better. thats just me
Love these headphones. Easy to use wireless is very clear and good. Totally recommend it.
Awesome PS4 headset. Love the sound quality and bass. Lil pricey but absolutely worth it!
I love astro headsets been rocking them since they came out and will as long as they make them. #RipTurtleBeach #RipTritton
My grandson loves this the charger is a great sound is great he says two thumbs up
Absolutely love this headset ! Blocks sounds outside of headset, an has phenomenal sounding
Sound from the Astro a50s is amazing. Great upgrade from my Astro a40s, which I’ve used without issue for 5+ years.
My son loves it. Comfortable since he wears it for a long time. He said the sound is phenomenal.
Very nice headset, sound is crystal clear. Excellent battery life
Love this headset , great quality , comfortable , glasses friendly , crispy sound overall 10/10
Got these for our son for Christmas he loves them they work great
Purchased for my son for gaming. Great sound and microphone pickup. Love the recharging station. Highly recommended!
I bought this for my grandson and he loves them and is completely satisfied.
The head set is perfect for a continuous gamer. Comfortable and convenient.
Excellent headset. Very comfortable. Works great with no interference. Very high quality product and looks great.
Really helped me to hear like superhuman.. lol... This headphones are beautifull and has an expectacular sound quality.
I bought these for my deaf husband and they are everything we needed and more. Now my son wants a pair
Gifted these to my boy....says they are the best he’s ever had!! Score one for mom!!
It honestly surpassed my expectations, sound is clear and surround sound is amazing.
Got this on sale so it was a no brained. Very comfortable headset... and awesome sound
I love this headset, the sound is amazing. So far I’ve had no issues and I’ll update if I ever run into any.
These are the best headphones I’ve ever owned- I would recommend to friends!
Amazing quality, great sound, and real comphy. I can wear these for hours compared to my old platinum headset
My son wanted these new headsets because his broke andhe really likes them
Great headset sound quality is excellent. Battery lasts long time.
7.1 S Sound, sounds very load, great for shooters, you can easy ear foot steps, mic works just fine
Bought these for my daughter. She loves them! We have tried other brands but Astro is great quality for the price.
Bought these for our son. Way better than any other wireless headset hes had previously.
Thought these would sound like the rest but the 7.1 is true sound. a must have for gamers
Amazing sound, amazing quality and just a great pair for gaming, watching videos, wwe ufc, netflix. All around great!
Bought these for my 14-year old "gamer" son. He loves them! Especially the charging stand! Definitely recommend.
It was a great experience fast n easy in an out , thank you
Wouldnt trade it for a different one. Definitely love this gaming headset. Little to no noise with it.
If u want quality this is it. In high school and its the best. Went thru 3-5 headsets already
These are excellent for all gamers who chat. Really blocks out personal backgrounds.
Sometimes I forget I am only playing a game the sound quality is excellent
Son loves it, especially flip the mic and it mutes. Says he almost feels like he’s cheatung he can hear so well.
Sound quality is absolutely amazing. The clarity is almost unreal. It is also extremely comfortable.
Upgraded to this from the a40’s. Great sound and they are completely wireless. Had no problems with them so far
Takes gaming to another level. Worth every penny. Sound quality is second to none.
Great surround sound, very comfortable during long gaming sessions, fully wireless, best headset for the money!
This headset is great. Love the charging cradle. Sound is fantastic. A little pricey but the quality is there
Awesome sound quality, with Astro command center you can change multiple settings.
I love the headphones! I use them till they are ripping apart. This will be my fourth purchase in a spandex of six years.
The price is high but if you have the money they are in my opinion easily worth it
Although a little tricky to get setup, you have to plug them into a computer, once you get going they are a great headset
Great product, grandson loves this, he can’t get enough usage.
Awesome for those looking to get an edge! I can hear footsteps helping me get that Pubg Chicken Dinner!
Its everything that I was looking for comfort wise and sound wise.
I love my Astro A50s. They are essential for PC gaming and these work on the XBOX One too. Great quality... Second to none.
You can tell the moment you put them on they are high quality, comfortable, easily chargeable.
I was given a recommendation of the product and it appears to be perfect for gamers
Best headset so far, great to work with, love using these headset with my play station, cant say enough about them
This is great for gaming. Blocks the noise and allows you to concentrate on your game.
My son loves these. They were a gift after someone stole his on Christmas Eve.
Hubby said it was worth every penny. Super comfortable too! Excellent sound.
It was pricey but I still love it I can play and hear everything clear I love how its cordless so thats a pluz
Good sounds. Comfortable. Id suggest downloading the Dolby Atmos app for $15. COD WW2 sounds like I was there.
Best sound and mic quality of any headset ever. Easy to use and long battery life.
Easy to setup. Excellent sound. Comfortable. Great purchase.
The best monitor gaming recommend 100% hdr top call of black ops 4
This headset is great quality is very good and charging it’s easy to use easy set up for any system
Cannot beat the sound these bring out. Extremely comfortable and lightweight. Definitely worth it
Gaming at its best feels like your right in the action with the surround sound feel
I’ve tried almost every gaming headset put at the moment. This is the best headset on the market no doubt.
Easily the best headset Ive ever purchased. The wirelesss charging is so easy and the headphones are very comfortable.
Highly recommend the headphones but wish they came with more considering the price
Great headset for pc cuts out at times but can’t beat the overall sound for gaming
Really good quality and my husband loves his headphones
I would recommend this for all gamers with full range of sounds for me in game mode
Comfort, fit, materials, and sound are all five stars. Highly recommended.
The A50s are one of the best headsets on the market.You can buy cheaper, but you will be sacrificing quality.
They are comfortable and easy to use i came from turtle beach 800x and the comfort and quality is way better
Perfect for those hardcore gamers! Love astros, I highly recommend
By far the best headset I’ve used since I started gaming few years back. Comfortable feel to them great sound.
When you work out all the little kinks, this system is great. I use it on my Xbox one x and it is perfect.
The settings werent the easiest to figure out but the sound quality is amazing.
Gave this to my son as a gift. He is an avid gamer and loves this headset.
Headphones are great. The sound is amazing and they are TOTALLY wireless, which is why I wanted to upgrade.
Excellent product. Setup quick and easy. Great price Durable headphones
Worth the money that I send for these and of course I got the geek squad protection
These work very well, comfortable even with long use and good sound.
This headset is one of the first I bought for my Xbox, and it has been an absolutely amazing headset.
I tested a lot of headsets. The A50 i think is best. Sound. Comfort etc.
very heavy duty and good quality for the money would reccomend to any gamer should last long time
Works as described; a little on the pricey side but worth the great performance.
Ive had these for quite some time now and still love them! Great audio, comfortable, last long.
My son loves his new headset for gaming. Very loud and great sound
This is a great headset. They are very comfortable and sound great.
I was skeptical of the quality with them being wireless. I couldnt ask for a better pair. Would reccomend to anyone.
Astro is number one in headphones and these are the best headphones I’ve ever owned definitely purchase!!!
Way better than the Astro A40s Ive tried. The only issue I found is the battery is built in and cannot be replaced.
Got for gift and he said they work great. Quality product
These headsets are great; bought a set last year for one grandson and another this year for other grandson
Really good for those gamers who are looking to get a nice competitive advantage
IMO BEST HEADSET IVE USED IVE HAD OTHERS IN THE PAST AND THIS IS BY FAR MY FAV
These things are great! I love the big rectangular ear cups, no more sore ears
Great mic sounds great nice design cool charging station
The headset allows you to experience the game with great surround sound! Works great. I love this headset!
Awesome gaming experience and sound quality - comfortable headphones.
Massive improvement from the last pair of astros I owned. Unlike the last pair, this one was worth the money.
Love the quality would recommend this item to anyone using it for pc and Xbox or just using it for either one
The packaging is stellar, which matches the product. Im really impressed with how loud this headset gets.
Very comfortable and can hear very clearly, nice color.
Everything went well as I expected, I think the price is a little too high, but I haven’t got any problems.
Ive tried a few other headphones. These are the best quality and performance to date. Ill buy another one.
Best headset I have ever owned. Makes the turtle beaches i had sound like dollar store headphones
Sounds great and is user friendly would higly recommend
Best sound ! Best comfort too , i had the turtle elite 800x and the suck ! This is eay better . They cost every $$$
Outstanding headset. Lots of negative reviews but for me its worked flawlessly
Ive had turtle beaches and trittons, but Astros knock it out of the park and only get better with each iteration.
Definitely the best headset weve had. Have tried others but they always ended up breaking in less than six months.
Best headset bar none. Disable Dolby Digital and you get Atmos if you have the Xbox app.
I would 100% suggest this headset to any gamer, wireless everything is best part and long battery life.
Love these headphones, great surround sound and love that they are wireless.
This headset is the best out . If you are looking to play competitive gaming . These are a must have .
This headset is amazing because you can hear every detail while playing a game
My son loves these. It is highly durable, wears comfortably,and has great sound
My third pair of Astros , one for each console and one next gen upgrade , if your a gamer well worth the investment
I bought my son these head phones for his play station. They are very quality the sound is just look you are thete
These work perfect, made a great Christmas gift to myself. All around great headset with great quality.
Works great the sound is AMAZING a little high on price but definitely worth it
These are by far the best headsets you can get for gaming!! Highly recommended.
love these headset comfy and load u can hear the footsteps
I bought this for my Son. He loves it. Easy to talk with his friends while he is gaming.
Great headphones, sound quality and microphone are top notch! You really "get what you pay for".
Perfect headphones. Works flawlessy with Xbox one.
great so far. Comes in a cool looking box and easy set up
Its awesome! Batter last for days and audio is the best
Best earphones you can get for gamers,I recommended %100
The Astro A50 wireless headset has outstanding 7.1 sound.
I love them i like them better than the a40s no wire!
Great wireless headset. A 40 or A 50 cant go wrong.
Everything you need and more. But if they are awesome.
use these on xbox, ipad and tablets. we love these
works well and fits well. My son loves these for gaming.
This headset is awesome. So amazing and great features!!
Great wireless headset. Comfortable to use. Works well.
It was simple out the box and easy to connect the HDMI
Very good and sounds real good works great very happy
Its a very good headset I like how it sounds with bass
Works great. Sound is awesome. Would recommend.
Great quality product! I would recommend this to anyone!
Best available console headphones that I have used.
There is no reason to get any headset but this one
They fit really good over my ears. The sound is great.
Nice sound quality, very comfortable and easy setup.
the sound is great and easy to setup holds charge well
They are very comfortable and have a very good sound
Very comfortable. The wireless works works flawlessly
Amazing product quality is def felt here sounds great
Great headset for gamers. Easy set up and easy to use
Great sound all around and setup was simple and quick
The sound quality of the headphones is unbelievable.
Very awesome sound almost like your in the game!!!
I would recommend this headset to anyone with Xbox .
I bought the Astro Gaming - A50 and they work great!
comfortable, fit is perfect, best Christmas presrnt!
Excellent sound quality. Definitely Worth the money.
awesome headset....got it for my son and he loves it
Great sound and great build quality! Very impressed.
Really great product I love the noise reduction ok
Love the build quality and sound is amazing love it
Good quality headphone. The price is kind of high.
Very comfortable and extremely high quality audio.
Bought this as a gift for my fiancé & he loves it!
Great! My son love it, easy to install and use!!!!
I really enjoy this headset for the fact that I can hear everything in game that I couldnt with my last. The best part is the battery life and being wireless of course. I can use this for 5 or 6 hours straight and itll only be down to about 55 percent battery left. And being wordless I can walk through my apartment and listen to music when I am cleaning up! I would definitely buy again in the future.
Multiple adjustments available thru your PC and their web site Set them up for what you want to hear. Thru the equalizer and the equalizer within the equalizer yea I know it’s a lot of variables to choose from but once you get use to it you will hear people from a 100 m away. Mic is also adjustable ie: background noise
Great sound and very comfortable to wear. Games and movies is more enjoyable because you can hear those minute sounds that you normally wouldnt hear through normal television speakers. Although PS4 version says you cannot connect to the Xbox One, I can still use the headphones, its just that you cant chat with it. Otherwise you just need to buy another base for the Xbox One.
Prime example of you get what you pay for. I am not a gamer or into tech items just simply purchased these headphones out of curiosity to see how good a supposed top of the line headphone sounds compared to a surround sound system and these sound amazing and I had zero issues with the pairing or any charging issues like I read about in other post.
By far the best headset I have used, I was previously using an older a40 . I primarily switched for the true wireless experience. the one minor complaint would be with the charging station. There has been multiple times where i thought it was charging and in fact it was not. i found the headset completely dead. other than that the headset remains to be the best I have used.
This is an amazing headset,Ive been waiting for a really true wireless headset from astro....and its here,sound quality,comfort,is excellent..and the mic is really good on this one.I love the fact that you can hook these up to your pc and fine tune everything...from the sound to the mic....if your looking for a great pair of wireless 7.1 dolby digital surround sound headphones,then pick these up.....
After trying to deal with the Turtlebeach Elite 800x issue of constant channel hopping I decided to go with this set. Since my home wifi is using Orbi routers which use a different dedicated channel for 5ghz these cans have been great! I did order the “mod kit” from Astro which makes a huge difference. The one downside of this headset vs the TB is that they don’t include BT functionality.
Wow... these are awesome. Really clear and great sound. Yes they are a little finicky with the charging dock but the coolest feature... get an extra dock and use them both on PS4 and XBOX. Yep... easy switch, just power up the console you want, put the headphones in the right dock.... walla... time to game.
This headset is near-perfect. very comfy and great sound. Audio drops out for a couple seconds at random intervals every couple hours or so. If you have this issue, switch from PC to Xbox mode on the dock and issue will go away for a few days. Might be related to how much wifi signals are in the area (if you live in apartment).
I searched lot of headphones for my ps4. I even tries astro A50. But its kind of tight to my head and its over heating. This hyperx cloud is very comfortable to wear for longtime. Easy to setup 7.1 in ps4. And in sounds really awesome. After long search I got my best headphone under my budget. Great product.
Great sound easy to hook up to my Xbox one S and I mean the battery life is phenomenal. The sound has great bass with 3 different EQ setting and also can fully customize the EQs online thru USB pretty sweet if you ask me. Got to pay a bit more to play but you wont be disappointed.
This headset is very impressive I think the the price point is a little steep. But if you can catch them on sale definitely worth the investment. Sound quality very good, range is impressive, and the main reason I bought them was the battery life on my turtle beach headset was horrendous. This headset is the very impressive when it comes to the battery life.
These are a great headset. They are comfortable; I wear them all day. They do not feel heavy, even though they look big and heavy. The only negative is that the battery seems to last around 12 hours, so if you use them as often as I do, you will need to charge them every night. All in all, I do recommend this.
I received my Astro - A50 Wireless Headphones on Saturday 12/30. Great Packaging, easy directions, and a beautiful design. I spent a few weeks asking fellow gaming friends what they would recommend not to mention the amount of time invested reading over reviews such as this one I am writing now. Today being 01/02; almost 4 days of use and I have no complaints.
If your looking for amazing sound and a really comfortable headset this for you the box does not say this but you can use it while charging via micro USB cable so even if you forget to charge itnyou can still use while charging also if you download the software on PC you can tweak it to your liking sure its $299 but worth every penny if you plan to do some serious gaming
I tried the a40s first and did not like the wires and not much sound adjustment. The a50s you can go online and look up sound profiles for each game. The a50 has 3 settings you can change and use for different games. If your into first person shooter games online this headset will take you to the next level!
Oh these made my son so happy, he ask for them as a Christmas gift and received them early. He used them as soon as he got them. Said they were AWESOME! VERY comfortable and loved the design..they sound very good and he said that were the best he ever owned, which hes owned several different pairs and all were just around the same price...made a GREAT gift for him! THANKS Best Buy!
I love these headsets it was worth the money. Awesome bass sound clear for shooters you can really hear your enemies coming. Great equalizer to be able to adjust sounds to your preference. The charging stand is amazing really love how you can just drop the headsets to charge. Absolutely would recommend these to anyone looking for the best gaming headsets money can buy.
I held out on buying a headset for a really long time so I didn’t know what I was missing. These things are a whole new ballgame. The sound inside the headphone is so precise. Chat audio is super clear. Still trying to eat more comfortable with mixing game and chat audio but I can’t take off points for that. Gorgeous looking. Cool charge pod. zero complaints.
I had this headset and have tried out many other top tier headsets. This all wireless solution for Xbox is the best out there I believe right now. Would highly highly recommend getting this if you want a fully wireless headset for Xbox. Never regretted this purchase. No interference with wifi, great battery life. Customization is easy, cant go wrong with Astro ever.
Yes the price is of course on the high side.Yes theyre close to the console price its self.But if youve ever worn headsets that eventually start to push up on your ears and the cartilage starts to hurt to the point where its no longer enjoyable to even play for a short period of time, then its just easier to justify the cost of these.The sound is great, the feel is overwhemingly better than any other headset, and ive tried the other brands higher models.No hissing sounds, no charge issues, no connection issues.These take a beating, as ive accidentally sat on these a few times, and they just bounce back.Setup is clean and simple.The only issue ive had is with the size of the receiver, its a bit on the large size. They did however give it a streamline look as to go with the consoles so thats a plus.
I have owned Astros for many years. I purchased this set after my old Gen 1 A50s finally died. (After being used extensively and abused for several years) The sound quality and ease of use on this product is everything I expected. The improved battery life is excellent and the XBOX One mic compatibility works well. I do have a few complaints though. The wireless range is not great. With my old set I could walk around most of my house without any distortion. With the new set, I made it about halfway down a hallway and they cut out. The old amp was much easier to connect to a PC and Xbox at the same time, while this one doesnt manage it so well. The old set was a little heavier, but more comfortable to wear for extended periods. Im sure this one will get better as it breaks in.
While there are cheaper headsets with decent sound, this is easily the best top-of-the-line headset I have tried. Its loaded with features, and the auto-shut off works as advertised. The only complaint I have (and this is a minor quibble) is the microphone sounds a bit hollow, but since I am not a professional streamer (because that is totally a thing) that does not matter to me overmuch.Also, if you can afford it, get the Mod Kit available for these - while the leatherette headband isnt much to write home about, the ear cups add a little more sound isolation, which makes these pretty much block out all but the noisiest parts of the outside world.
Though its expensive, the headset is great, no wires, completely wireless and great sound quality. You can hear everything going on around you while keeping you immersed gaming experience. The dolby surround sound is crisp and being able to customize your entire headset experience through your computer is great! The mic quality on the headset is great, my friends can hear me clearly and it picks everything I say up without any external noises thanks to the noise gate. My only complaint is that there is a connection issue to the base that requires you to have to reset the base by switching it from the xbox mode to the computer mode and back, which is minor but that will be covered in the next update for the headset according to Astro. Other than that the headset is great overall and I really love using it!
First thought this was a bad purchase because with the Dolby turned on it would sound “tinny” in certain games, but I found out it is because you can hear sound from one ear in the other ear and because of this setting it must delay the sound to one side to add dimension. At this price you shouldn’t have to, but if you buy the noise cancelling ear cups it corrects this issue. I never found this after searching for ways to correct the horrible sound I was experiencing so I hope this helps someone else. Mic is crystal clear and the sound is awesome you won’t regret the headphones but like I said they should give better ear cups to block sound from exiting. My $100 set had better noise cancelling.
Like the title says, ive never used a better headset. Bought these as a Christmas gift for my son and he nearly pooed his pants when he opened them. First: no cable, the headset is wireless! Sure you need to wire the base, but thats a non-issue. Secondly, they sound great and give surround sound. The only issue, and im sure its something well figure out: I can only get chat sound, no actual game sound. Luckily, my son is of the social variety and prioritizes chat with friends to game sound, so he loves them, even in the current configuration. I maybe wouldve gotten the PS4 variant cause I like the blue/black colors better, but my son proudly displays his Xbox pride with the green/black color scheme and honestly, they could not look cooler.
This was such a hard decision for me going back and forth on what headset to get. I narrowed it down to what I wanted and the options were few and far between. Through all recommendations I couldn’t myself give into being wired into a controller any longer. I want my house to be seamless. When I saw these with the charging dock I was intrigued. Combined with that true Dolby 7.1 wirelessly it was a no brainer. These things were my first real headset for the PS4 and the convenience of them are incredible. I know from here on out, I will always buy Astro to get that little bit of edge on the competition. Nothing comes close to these. Amazing comfort, great sound, excellent battery life all while looking good? Can’t go wrong.
These headphones are light and the battery lasts a long time (when charged 100%). I did notice that if you leave the headphones off the charging dock overnight (even when not using it) and come back the next day to use, your battery will be drained ALOT. I don’t know why this happens but apparently that’s the main issue with these astros. But as long as you keep them on the charging dock when “not in use” expect a good 10-14hours of battery life and if you have a USB charger, you can plug them into charge and play at the same time and they charge pretty fast with the USB (about 2-3hours). Sound quality is superior and I would choose these over turtle beach. (Used to be a turtle beach user)
Turtle Beach makes a decent product, but I really wasnt happy with their 299.99 headset and returned them for the Astro A50.The A50 to me sound better both in game and in chat. The chat on the Turtle Beaches was a bit weird since the Turtle Beach - Elite 800X doesnt have a boom mic, instead they are built into the ear piece which I thought would be nice till I was in a party chat and things didnt sound very good for my friends.The Astro A50 build quality seem fine, the headset is really comfortable and everything is tweakable via your PC if the presets and controls on your headset arent good enough.One downfall is that if you have both a PS4 and an Xbox One, youll need the base for each. I havent figured out a work around for this yet.
So initially I paid the $299 asking price for these and was more then happy when I unboxed them and tested them out with Nba 2k, Fortnite and God of war. I was hearing footsteps in Fortnite that gave me a HUGE advantage because I wasn’t dying quickly because I didn’t hear the enemy running up on me! Then I got an email that the price had dropped to $240 and I didn’t even have to return to the store they issued the refund right there thru the email! So I got the price difference! The only bad thing I would say is you have to charge them while the PS4 is powered on which is a little weird I’d rather charge em with a wall outlet anytime I want rather then charge em Thru the base station while the PS4 was on.
I was reluctant to buy another set of high end headphones for my Xbox One, but Im very glad I did. I had already bought the Turtle Beach 800X at the recommendation of a friend, and while I was mostly happy with them, they always made my jaw and ears sore after several hours of continuous use, whether I wore them tightly or loosely on my head. This A50 headset has great sound, great battery life, and I can play or watch videos for hours without any discomfort. If youre going to splurge, get this headset. Ive been using the A50s for about three months and I have zero complaints about it. Every once in a while the sound cuts out for a second or two, but I updated the firmware on their website and I havent noticed any problems since then.
Every version you can think of Astros I have owned there only getting better with time the latest version Astros A50 Version 2. It seems to be the longer you wear them the more comfortable they become placed on your head and overtime with the breaking in .quality is good, durability is solid very well-built outstanding product battery life can be long if you keep the Volume- moderate to low... you can possibly achieved playing virtually all day long . However turning Volume all the way up you might Risk blowing your ear out,also the battery would not last nearly as long more like seven hours max. The only negative I can possibly come up with, is the price theyre on the expensive side especially considering for the price you can buy a console.
I have been trying to get my hands on this product for a long time, and now i finally have it! I recommend this headset to anyone willing to fork over the devastating amount that it costs. My only issue is the mic should be a better quality than what it is for the price of the headset.Now, I am not fishing for views, but.. if you would like to listen to the mic for yourself, so you can be the judge, i posted a video on this product on YouTube and 7 MINUTES IN is the mic section of the video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-h5bfliQNw
Really glad I bought these. I had the Razer Tiamate analog 7.1 but todays COD games are not in 7.1 so I need Dolby digital. I read and researched a bunch and decided on these. These bad boys sound amazing. Visit the web site for sound setups for gaming and you can turn down gunfire noise just enough to hear footsteps. Almost can hear dead silence foot steps.They sit a little loose on my head and I have a medium/normal size head. If I look down they want to fall off. The micro usb cable is short and could not reach my pc so I bought a 6 cable in the phone department. I also bought a better optical fiber cable to use. FYI...for PC you need to hook up the micro USB and the optical fiber. Download the driver and interface software to be optimal
I am a hardcore multiplayer gamer and have used Astro Headphones for the last 5 years. Although I wasnt a fan of their previous A50 Models this one takes the cake. There is virtual no humming when no sound is present and you can still hear your game volume even if you step away to the kitchen or bathroom.(unless you have a huge house).I just purchased the A50 MOD kit to go with the headphones and its is much more comfortable as well. Lastly the wireless charging is great. For the streamers out there you can use these to chat on the xbox app for the computer and get your party chat volume on your stream without plugging in any cords to the headset itself making it completely wireless and great sound quality and no need for another mic.
I never do a review i mean never but i had to this time, ive owned just about every headset there is , turtle beach 800 elites , triton warheads tritton pro astro a40, logitech, and the list goes on and this headset is by far the best, cant beat wireless the battery life is amazing i was at 11 hours and they were still going , there lightweight under a pound very comfortable, wish you could remove the boom tho but no biggie, the only thing the 800 elites have on them is there is no boom and there there bluetooth but i dont need them for that, well worth the money the new base station is great compared to the old version where you had to plug them in, if you have the money then go out and get these and bestbuy warranty too, protect your product
I purchased this for my son to use on his XB1S. I already own an older set of A50s and these are an improved version. They are also slightly heavier than the previous version. The only thing I dont like about this generation of Astros A50s, is that they are not designed to be cross platform. My previous version works for the XBox 360, XB1, PS3, PS4, and of course PC. Whats nice about these are they are completely wireless for the XB1, so no chat cable is required. They do work on my PS4 in PC mode, but theres some sidetone that can be heard. Overall, they work as they should.
I switched from the Sony Platinum to these and I believe that even though the Astro’s cost twice the price, they are at least twice as good. The sound is more robust, and the spatial clarity is without a doubt more accurate and pronounced. The fit on the Astro’s is markedly more comfortable. The Sony’s ear cup is too small for me as it pressed awkwardly against parts of my ear. The Astro’s ear cup is much larger allowing my entire ear to fit inside without being pressed. The charging base which comes with the Astro’s is vastly superior to the Sony’s method of having to plug the headset in to charge. Overall I am happy with the Astro A50’s and will not be replacing them with another headset.
I have been playing games for well over 10 years and I went from turtle beach headsets to Astro to other unknown headsets and I must say that these are the absolute best of the best. The Mic has been upgraded and my friends tell me that I sound like I do in person. Setup is fairly easy and I havent had major issues with the product. Minor issues include my mic not connecting right away but is easily fixed by disconnecting the mini usb and reconnecting it. My mic gets distorted but again fixed by disconnecting the mini usb then reconnecting but this issue seems to have been fixed with the new update in the command center. Overall definitely recommend this product if you want a premium headset and have the extra cash.
This is a true virtual surround sound and makes it very easy to determine locations of players from a directional perspective. Amazing audio quality and very comfortable. The USB has to be plugged in to the xbox for the mic to work but audio will work without that so leave it out if you want just audio and no mic. On one occasion I had an issue with the red lightning bolt flashing red and the headset not charging. I powered up the xbox then re-seated the headset and it began to charge. I suspect that the xbox drops power output to their USB ports after a period of time so seat the headset for charging before power off and you should avoid this. Really, really nice and these will flat smoke turtle beach.
I have used a 5.1 home theater system for years for my gaming. I heard about the A50 from a friend. While it does hit the wallet pretty hard, it is worth the dollar bills. The sound is unmatched. You hear everything and exactly which direction sounds are coming from. The A50 is also as durable as you can get. It is light enough that you can wear it for hours and forget that you have them on. If you can afford it, dont skimp for anything less. The Mic is great too. I love the flip up to mute. One more thing. The battery charge lasts forever. I can play all day with out needing a recharge. I still use my home theater for movies, but will never use anything other than the A50 for gaming, again.
When I bought this headset, I already owned 2 previous sets of Astro head gear and new the quality and customization that sets it standards by. What i did not expect was for the headset to have that Abode atmos feel. Hearing things like the cursor moving on the Xbox home page but, instead of hearing it from the headphones it felt like it was coming from somewhere else. Talk about 3d sound. The comfort level, Customization, Sound that beats Beats by Apple, flip the mic up to mute, and wireless too. I can truely say that once you Go astro you will have new standards. NOTE if buying this headset you need to get the warranty because it is expensive.
Bought these and had a hard time getting them set up. Had to reset them a couple times. Support stinks. But this is for the unit, not the support. 7.1 works amazing blowing away my old 5.1. These last all day long on a full charge. When I first put them on I herd sounds I didnt on my 5.1. I was actually looking around the room. I was amazed. Comfy fit and the felt around the ears is really comfy. No sweat, Ive never got a head ack like I used to from my 5.1. Love them. I do wish support was a little better. For the price these better work good.
It is really pricey, I get it... I even contemplated for like an hour in the store if I wanted to "treat myself" to something this expensive. But OMG, SO worth it!! I LOVE IT. I use to buy only Turtle Beach because the old Astros sucked to me. So then Turtle Beach started sucking after the Stealth 500P. I bought the Stealth 700s before this. Theyre garbage compared to the ASTRO A50s. Astros have definitely stepped up their game. Turtle Beach cant even compare in durability, sound quality and capabilities.
Replaced PlayStation Gold headphones which broke and a friend recommended the Astro 50. These are top of the line and the sound and comfort wearing these are outstanding. Worrh the price and the ease of use is nice. Especially like the charging station and the flip mute function. The only thing that could be better, a users guide that actually explains the features a little better. But not a major problem. If you are looking to get new headphones, spend the extra $, my buddy has had his for 4 years, no issues with them. These are awesome in COD, I cant get over the difference with these! Well built product. Get them
Amazing headset. This is the new Generation 3 model of the Astro A50 PS4/PC headset and is definitely an improvement over the previous Gen 2 imo. Make sure that if youre buying in-store that you get THIS version and not the older one (older one comes with a stand and must plug-it in to charge vs this one which has the magnetic dock). Great sound quality and comfort.
I love this headset! I had purchased it at release date, and had some growning pains. But once Astro started rolling out firmware updates, most of the negative things I couldve said went away. One issue that still persists is the charging in dock feature, it is kind of finicky. Just make sure you wiggle it a bit to make sure the charging light stays on.
I love this new headset compared to the previous generation. Finally they are fully wireless without the need of a chat cable. The battery life is also improved and I love the color scheme on them. The charging dock is also a great addition and works really well! Also you can make changes on the fly when connecting the dock and headphones to your PC which is pretty sweet!
I have used several headsets in the past and still own a few that work. This headset is significantly better than the Astro A20. If you were trying to decide between the 2 the a50 is the clear winner. The addition of the Dolby surround makes all the difference. Also these are louder in general.
I bought these for my boyfriend after our dog had chewed through his previous ones. Since he really loved the previous model of the astros , he was uncertain if these would meet up to those. He actually loves them probably even more than the other ones. They’re super comfy and you can easily charge them.
After spending an hour debating on different headsets for my PC, this won. After getting home and setting up, it quickly became the best headset Ive ever used. The surround sound is clear and incredible, battery life is super long. Best purchase in a long time, only the test of time can tell from here.
headset is very nice looking. sound quality is 8 of out 10 better than many other gaming headsets out there. Whish the charging dock can click better with the headset now I just use my Samsung galaxy s9 charger. But really love the fact that to mute the mic all you have to do is move the mic up and down to unmute and mute.
I bought this headset on sale on Black Friday. Wow Easier to set up then I thought well worth it the update is simple if it would have needed one but it was new enough no update pretty much plug n play on my old 500gb Ps4 the slim version needs an adapter for optical port on the new ps4 slims
My son says these are the best headsets around. I have three males in the house and they all three own these and love them. It’s worth the money. I would recommend these to anyone who has kids that play games. The price is worth it because they are very comfortable to wear for a long period of time and they are wireless.
This is the best headset Ive owned for gaming. Crystal clear, wireless, easy to set up. 7.1 surround is fantastic. It puts you right in the middle of the game. Ive turned around several times thinking someone was behind me but it was the headset that totally sucks you into the game.
I’ve went through a lot of headsets since I’ve been gaming and this is by far the best. Before I bought these I had the PlayStation Platinum headsets and they stand no chance against these. Best quality sound I’ve heard and the baseplate makes charging simple and they keep a charge forever.
Really like Astro A50 but few things that blow. The quality is great came from always using PlayStation headsets and turtle beach last set I had were the 800x which are the direct competition. The charging cradle kinda sucks it has to go in 100% perfect the turtle beach 800x you could throw them in and the would connect and charge. The included presets arent bad but if you can figure out how to use the software or download other people profiles it will really bring the headset to life. The battery life is really good but this is the big issue I have and thats if you dont put your system to sleep it wont charge which is normal I understand that but the battery will start draining if its not charging even if the headset is switched to off. Now this issue is really bad but I 90% of the time have it on sleep so its ok just sucks when I dont wanna put it on the charger I also bought the geek squad 2yr. So Ive just been waiting till it got worst before swapping them out. Other than that it seems great so far Ive had then for a little less than 6 months.
This is HANDS DOWN THE BEST WIRELESS GAMING HEADSET I HAVE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OF OWNING! I love this thing, it completely changes the way you play (as in hearing enemy movemen). I could not believe how much these cost and was a little skeptical at first but after I narrowed it down to 3 (all about the same price this one being the 2nd highest) I had to chose these. They are comfortable as well as stylish. The funtion on these babies is flawless. I cant even put into words how much I love these. You can go so far as to customize every little bit of the input/output options on your computer (i have not and will probably not end up ever messing with them either they are there for your choosing). These have not gave me a single problem yet and I dont forsee one in the near or not so near future either (knock on wood). Dont second guess your desicion and grab some turtle Beaches, these Astros wont disappoint! P.S. I highly suggest to get the 2 year coverage thru Best Buy because Ive heard that Astros customer service is very slow and could take up to a month or 2 to receive refund but I have never had to deal with them myself! Happy hunting!
When approaching the decision to buy a headset for gaming, I wanted accurate surround sound, quality audio, and a wireless/rechargeable headset with a docking station. With a home that my wife likes to have everything in its place, having a good looking headset/dock combo ensures I remember to easily charge the headset and the wife doesnt find it a complete eye sore.  That being said, it took me a couple failed charging connections to figure out how to get the headset to seat properly. The first night I put it on the dock and found it dead the next day. After a few tries and some googling, I found that completely shortening the headsets extension arms then placing the headset on the dock ensures a good connection. Before this discovery I was afraid I would not like the headset and would have to take it back, but since discovering this trick, I fully love the headset and have no complaints at all.  The price is steep, and although Im not a professional gamer, the comfort, convenience, battery life, quality, and edge Ive gained in games like Fortnite and COD make the headset worth it to me.
Ive been gaming regularly since about 2005. Ive owned a wired and wireless turtle beach headset, Wired Astro A40s, as well as the Astro A40s with the TR MixAmp. Recently, the microphone in my A40s started to go, so I bit the bullet and bought these.Yes, they are expensive. $300 for a headset was a big pill to swallow. However, a month later, I can honestly say that they were worth every penny. Anyone who has ever had wireless headsets knows the agony of being in the middle of a game and hearing a low battery beep in your ear every 10 seconds, and the subsequent scramble to find AA/AAA batteries. You wont have this trouble with this headset, as it has its own recharging station. The internal, rechargeable battery lasts 12-15 hours, which is plenty of time.The best part of the headset is that it is completely wireless. Full, 7.1 surround sound, completely wireless. No more having wires get progressively more tangled over time, no more having to unplug/plug anything in for it to work properly. Just do the initial setup and youre good to go.I would spend the money for this headset again in a flash if I needed to.
I have owned A40s and currently own a pair of last gen A50s. The new A50s make a lot of great improvements over last gen. No chat cable is great and the docking station acts as an external sound card for the PC and does not require an optical cable for full 7.1 which is awesome. Audio quality seems to be better that the old A50s. I would occasionally get some low buzzing noise in the old model but the new ones are crisp and have no such issues so far. Battery life is significantly improved and the auto shut off is a welcome addition(the headset senses that it has been put down and shuts off after 15 seconds. Once it senses it have been moved it turns right back on. Usually the audio is already coming in by the time I put it on my head). Build quality is super solid. Expensive but they sound great and are a quality product. I am not wild about the color scheme but I can deal with it.
I bought these and returned them because of the price and I bought the Playstation Platinums instead. I had the Platinums for a day and went back and purchased these again. If you can stomach the cost, theyre the best headset you can buy for the PS4. Make sure you follow the directions on how to change your PS4 settings to make them work the best. Using the app on a PC allowed me to customize the 3 EQ presets to fit my games the most. I play BO4 and Destiny 2 and these things really enhance my gaming. Crystal clear sound, booming bass, and they are the most comfortable thing Ive worn before. Plus, I get zero interference with them thanks to the 5Ghz spectrum they use to operate. The Platinums use 2.4 and the PS Golds use Bluetooth. Both sets had constant problems with cutting out due to signal interference in my house. The A50s are perfect. I literally cant say enough good things about them.
I FOUND them. The sound is AWESOME and the COMFORT is unique. I have being looking for a WIRELESS headphone that provides reliable sounds and SURROUND audio to pin-point my adversaries position, which I consider indispensable in online FPS games. These are the best I ever had. Also you can use them for hours (>12 hours) and you wont notice that you had them on, no pressure or discomfort at all around ears, head, etc. I will recommend this to all my friends and any FPS, so WE all get better and the game more interesting...Cons: To charge them on the wireless station, you must be sure that are in the correct position and they stay steady, sometimes really tricky, because with any minimal movement they will loose contact and you will found then without charge (something Astro needs to fix and improve, its a $400 product)....You can always play with them using the charging cable (all features will be on) but kills the point of buying a wireless headphone.
The sound quality is very good. Surround is very good and has decent tone quality. The battery life usually lasts about 7 or 8 hours for me, I usually charge after every use. The only quirk is getting the headset to properly sit on the charging dock, it takes a little practice and patience. Other than that it is a good product that works well for me. If your gaming sessions last more than about 7 hours you might want to look into wired headsets. If you need to play and charge with this headset you will need a wired connection to a charger and it will take a very long time. Also another note it probably takes this headset 4 or 5 hours to charge from 0 to 100 when not in use so not a real quick charging device on the dock. If you connect a micro usb to a 2amp charger it will charge faster but you will have to use a cable and not the dock station from my experience. Other than that I think it is comfortable and has great sound.
I recently purchased this headset for my PS4 gaming sessions after going through 2 headsets (different manufacturer) in as many years. I did my research, read the reviews, and settled on this pair of Astros. The quality build is what really sold me, and wow does the sound quality really show! Im hearing sounds I didnt pick up on my previous headsets and its honestly helped my skill level at certain games too; the ability to pick out differences between certain types of sounds and the distance/height/direction its coming from really makes a difference.The price may be steep but if you can afford it I would highly recommend picking up a pair if you play frequently enough to justify the cost then you cannot go wrong with this choice. 15 hours of battery life is prefect for a day full of playing your favorite games, and the charging base makes it easy to keep track of how much battery remains at any time.Pros:-Build quality-Sound quality-Battery life-Mute function (instead of finding a button, flip up the mic)Cons:-High cost
I have tried many different headphones, but Astro A50 are by far the best out of all of them. I had the first gen headphones their battery life was terrible, and their volume control didnt function properly. Other then that they were great headphones. The new third gen headphones fixed all those problems. But sadly technology cannot be without flaws, I have found the range to be worse on the third gen then on the first. They work perfectly while Im in the same room as the base station but 8 feet away with 2 Sheetrock walls between me and the base station, they start cutting out. When Im in the kitchen 20 feet away where my first gen headphones worked perfectly these dont work at all. The base station is also a bit of a pain, I have found it difficult to get the headphones to connect to the the charging pins so that they would change. It has taken me up to several minutes to get them placed properly. Other then that great headphones awesome sound quality, comfortable, look great and the mod kit is awesome, worth every penny. As are the headphones.
Ive owned lots of gaming headsets, and by far these are the best ones Ive owned. They are very comfortable, even with glasses, although not as comfortable as the new Elite Turtle Professional Gaming headset, but not uncomfortable enough to complain about. These are truly wireless headphones, meaning you dont have to plug them into your controller to use the mic. They have an extremely long battery life, I easily get the 12-15 hours of battery life that they promise. people can hear me loud and clear in the boom of the microphone which is perfect for gaming at night when you dont want to wake anyone, even at a whisper people can still hear you.Probably the biggest selling point for me, that they dont advertise, is that the Xbox version of the headseet works with the PS4. I have both systems and when I want to use it on the PS4 I just switch the base station to PC, plug it into the PS4 and it still recognizes it just fine. Amazing product. I use it from hardcore gaming sessions to watching movies to make up for a lack of surround sound system.
I bought this headset about 3 weeks ago, and i love them. I was using Turtle beach stealth 500p before these, and wasnt looking into another headset since my old ones worked fine. A best buy employee told me about the A50 while i was just looking at headsets killing time, and basically talked me into getting them, so i set then up and tried them out and i do not regret getting them one but. They are comfortable (even for someone with a big head), have good sound, the surround sound works great and you can hear the faintest footsteps, like in Rainbow Six Siege. You can make it even better by downloading astros program that allows you to mess with the EQ and other things. The mic is awesome and has different option goint thru Astros program. Another awesome feature is that he headset shut off automatically when you set them down, then when iou pick them up they turn back on, so you dont even need to keep switching them on and off all the time. Overall amazing headset and cant find any cons
I was skeptical at first getting a wireless headset but after watching 20 plus reviews on it I decid d to buy one. I don’t regret it one bit. Especially when it was 25% off on Black Friday, it was cheaper than my A40s when I bought them 4 years ago. The sound is great, the mic is better than what a lot of the reviewers were saying, and it has never died on me or gone under 50% of a charge. There is no delay As far as I can see. I use it daily for when I use my computer and when I use my PS4. I’ve had it for almost 2 weeks and it has only dropped out once but for only two seconds. I really can’t complain about that. I also bought the leather mod kit and it really isolates outside noise. I feel like it should of been included with the headset since it’s aleady $300 MSRP. Yes, it is a very expensive headset but you get what you pay for. Sorry this review was all over the place but I was just typing what was at the top of my head.
Great set of cans. The surround is as good as any others on the market. However the fit and finish and quality of the materials is way above average. The battery life is over 8hrs continuous, and easy to charge by just setting them on the base. The ability to set your three EQ presets up however you want on a laptop is very valuable. You can tweak the sound anyway you want. The mic works great, very clear voice Im told. Best headset Ive had yet, came from Turtle beach X41s, these are miles better. They have good range for wireless, but you have to remember its the same frequencies as wifi, cant have the base too close with a clear line of sight to the router or youll get interference. Stellar performance and go louder than I need.
First of all, I’m not an audiophile or an headphone expert. I exclusively game using headphones.Astro A50’s are the best pair of gaming headphones I have ever used. 7.1 surround system is an absolute joy and I found myself using these watching Netflix and Hulu. Thor and Black Panther on A50’s sound incredible. I bough PlayStation Platinum before these. Although Platinums are good enough for your average gamer like me, A50’s are just better enough to warrant the purchase. Mids are great, treble is incredible and the highlight is bass. Every time I shoot a gun in Red Dead Redemption 2, I can feel the rumble in my ear. I can pinpoint every direction where the environmental noices are coming from. You won’t regret this purchase.
I have bought many headsets in the past 3-4 years. PS4 brands, turtle beach, afterglow, razor, everything really...all of them failed for one reason or another. I can honestly say these are the best I have ever owned. Incredible sound, surround sound is amazing, noise canceling is while gaming is top notch, comfort is unbeatable. I usually have pretty long sessions, 4-6 hours a night, the battery hasnt dipped below fully charged (4 bars) yet. The mic is incredible, everyone in my squad says its the best Ive ever sounded, clear and crisp. The set seems super sturdy, the mount bars on the side are heavy duty metal. My only negative is the charging dock, the charging pins can be a little frustrating to "seat" the headset correctly in the dock so it gets a good connection to charge. All the other qualities far outweigh that small issue though. Oh, and there expensive, but worth every penny.
I bought this headset never having owned a Astro product on good faith of a customer service rep that suggested it to me. Boy, I’m glad I did! It was on sale at time of purchase and was an even bigger plus. Sounds are distinct and clear, 7.1 Dolby Atmos is the only way to play especially if you’re playing any type of online shooter, being able to flip the mic up to mute chat is a welcome addition as well, headset comfortability is spot on and doesn’t ever get uncomfortable even after hours and hours of play. Battery life is also excellent as well and is about 15-16 hours on average per full charge. If you’ve got the cash to spend and need a top notch sound experience, buy these you won’t be disappointed!
I have had these for a while now, about 6 months. I enjoy these very much. I had to exchange one pair already because the base and the headset lost connection and wasnt communicating anymore. The base and the headset look nice, but trying to set the headset on the base to charge takes practice or maneuvering till it finally starts charging. I can game with this headset on for 6 hours straight and thats about when the battery starts getting low-ish, I usually plug in a Micro USB to the USB slot on the side of the base and charge them that way rather then messing with the base all to much. Overall I really like this headset, Id recommend getting the geeksquad though on them just incase you get a bad egg... and of course for the price why not invest that extra protection. *Thumbs up from me* =]
So I bought these to use with my pc. I have A40 trs and these sound better in comparison they have a little more bass without being too much. Really good sound for gaming music and movies. As far as the charging station goes it works really well and its easy to set your headset on. Not sure why so many people complain maybe because they expect to be able to toss it on? Astro improved the mic quality also. Overall Im happy and a little impressed with the sound quality especially for wireless. Must say for prolonged use these are great I wore them for about 6 hours and my ears were just a little warm, much better than the A40s. The flip up to mute the mic works very well. I cant attest to the 15 hour battery life but after 6 hours they were down to about 70% so 15 sounds close. Overall this headset is great and would recommend it to anyone.
Astro a50s are the best headsets for gaming out there. Comfort and Sound is what makes this the best. Ive had a range of 7.1 headsets (Logitech 930s , Logitech 933 Artemis, Astro a30, Astro a50 Gen 1) and these are by far the best innovated piece of product Ive seen. From the Matte finish (no more greasy finger prints), to the wireless charging docking station (no more bulky stand), and best of all, ACTUAL around the ear headphone style. Most headsets, your surround sound headsets (name all of them), will claim they are "around the ear" headphones. As a person who wears glasses, prolonged wear of headsets will start to hurt because the ear pieces will press against your ears, then your glasses, and lastly, the side of your head. This causes unwanted pressure and seriously sucks when you want to game for more than 1 hour.Buy this headset, its worth it!!!!
Pretty close, yet easily recognizable they are definitely made for gaming.When comparing to my Bose QC 35 or Beats Studio 2.0 these come in pretty close in terms of sound quality when listening to music. The biggest difference being the base is over-amplified out of the box but easy to dial down through their "Astro Command Center" App. available for both windows and mac.The different settings with a physical switch button allow for easy quick changes in sound preferences. So if you want to hear louder footsteps when playing call of duty you can have that as a setting; but if you change games and would rather hear clean mids from the sound of a car engine that can also be a setting.When compared to the Turtle Beach these definitely have an upper hand in sound quality and mic levels. I would honestly say spend the extra $ if you can and get these.
I was a bit concerned about paying $400 for a set of gaming headphones. I have to say the sound is incredible, the integration of PC algorithms for unlimited EQ is very cool. The bass is some of the best Ive ever heard in any headphones including Bose. I read about issues with the mic, Ive had no such problems. The battery life is significant for long extended gaming periods. I rated these a 10 for sure, no regrets here!
These headphones are comfortable and sound amazing! They look awesome too! Sound is clear and bass isn’t crazy heavy. But good thing is there’s an EQ mixer but will need a PC or Mac. Fully wireless. Lasts all day of gaming. Charges quick! Oh and has an actual mic! Would suggest getting a mic boom for it though so your voice sounds better.
I purchased several headsets thru the years and then I purchased some Astro that claimed but were not 100% wireless. I returned them but not before placing them on my head and ears. I fell in love and knew once they came out with some 100% wireless ones I would never look back. These are simply amazing...comfort and lack of weight has me speechless.
This is my 3rd Astro headset. I have had the earlier A40s and the A40 TR and loved them. never had an issue i only upgraded to newer models. The new A50s are awesome! So comfortable you could them all day long. The sound is crisp and clear. The mic is super clear. The new base is great too! Now with the A50s you can customize your Eq settings for your playing style and if you like you can get the mod kit! A must buy!
Ive had these for close to two years. This is my second pair. I recommend the replace warranty. ANYTHING for ANY reason and the exchange for a new one no questions asked for a period of two years. Comfortable, wide ears and the sound is beyond amazing. When you switch you hear things youve never heard before. Adjustable game and voice volume and its truly wireless even for talking. Well worth the price.
I have own all top brand headsets, turtle beach, titan, beats, but astros are the best ones by far. These headsets have a built in amp that makes the headsets loud and clear. Mic sound is clear as it can be. Game or movie Explosions on these headsets are the the best. Save your money and buy these. Ive even bought the PlayStation and Xbox brand headsets they lack in volume and bass.
I bought these for myself and a friend and we are both seriously digging them. They are comfortable, have great sound and great battery life. We both use them on PS4 slims and since they do not have an optical port, have not yet got the full effect of game/chat mixing, but are still happy with the performance without it. We both plan on buying the adapter needed to add that functionality.
I love this its the perfect pc/ps4 headset i have it connected voice and sound on pc and the optical cord also connected via ps4 for sound so i dont have to constantly use the pc/ps4 switch. The down would be that whatever you want to use it for the base station does have to be connected directly through usb but that isnt a huge issue unless you have to keep moving the base station around constantly
Great headset, and I got it for literally a steal in price. This headset is leaps and bounds above most other headsets in clarity and its processing of digital surround sound. Tested it versus the X500 by Turtle Beach and the PS Platinum headset and it destroys them. Great overall build quality, solid options for customization.
I would have to say this is by far one of my most favorite headsets. A big set up from the wired A50s. When playing or streaming or even on my computer I can use these.******* FYI. *******Please note that when you by these you need to plug into your computer and download the latest software or your headset will not sound properly. I know this is a little bit costly but trust me you wont be disappointed
I use these mainly for work purposes, I work at a call center but I chose these due to the fact they had the longest range out of any in the industry. Plus these fit over my ears were as other just sat on my ears allowing more outside noise in which is helpful in my profession, the only downside is the charging base if you dont place the headphones exactly right on the charging base they wont charge
Outstanding quality. Outstanding craftsmanship. Easily installed thanks to Xbox Ones interface. Sound quality is of the highest level. Fits snugly around ears and is not intrusive during gameplay.
I love these!! Bought for my PS4 Pro and for Surround Sound with movies when Im watching late and my girlfriend is sleeping. The sound is FANTASTIC. Highly recommended; you get what you pay for!
I purchased the Astro a 50s and they work great sound quality is great battery life is good only thing I do not like it does not charge when PlayStation is in rest mode when on base
This wireless headset is great quality for the Xbox one and windows. I really like the color. Lasts up to 12 hours of gaming.
I had to buy this after trying many other headsets before, its not cheap but, with all the advantage that you have with this Headset when gaming online its totally worth it!
I was skeptical about getting a wireless headset but I was convinced that the A50 was the wireless headset to get. Once I made my purchase I fell in love with them, especially the volume control.
I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas. He mostly plays Xbox, but its perfect since we also both play the PC. The sound, performance, and mic are great. Definitely recommend!
Headset sounds amazing. Had a nice headset before this but the sound quality is even better with this one plus the headset is extremely comfortable for long gaming sessions.
This is the best headset I have ever owned. It is amazing. It is so comfortable. It is like not even wearing a headset.
My turtlebeach stealth 500s bit the dust. After extensive research I went with the astro a50. Yes they are pricey but dang they sound good.
I love this headset, it lives up to its price. If you are contemplating on getting it, let me be the one to say it definitely worth it. A game changer.
I love this head set audio quality is simply awesome. I have a set of tritons and they have great sound quality as well, but no cords to mess with on wireless head set is awesome and pain free
I have bought many headsets for gaming and this by far is the best of the best. You can hear footsteps clearer than any turtle beach out there.
Excellent head phones for gaming. I use these in a ps4 and feel I get an edge since I can hear foot steps and know what direction they are coming
This headset is amazing. I love the wireless charging where I can just set it down and it will charge. The sound is also amazing I can hear everything when I play Fortnite.
Have used head set for 12 to 14 hours of play time and still feel like I just put them on, the range wasnt as good as I expected but still okay. Sound is out of this world. Worth the money!
Purchased many $300 headsets in the last from different companies and this one is the best quality sound, battery life, and technology available
This product doesnt need anyone to really write a review about, thousands and thousands of reviews out there, pro gamers number one choice. Works like a charm with my ps4.
I was a turtle beach user for years and a friend let me try the Astro A50 and it sounded great and there is no cord going to the controller. I definitely would recommend this headset.
Tried the Steel Series Artis 7, Logitech G933, and Manowar 7.1.Ended up with these as they have excellent sound quality, but also dont kill my head (larger knoggin and glasses).
1. Great Design2. As comfortable as my Bose Q353. The 7.1 sound and processing immerse me into the game pay4. Sounds as good as my Sonos when playing normally 5. Expensive but worth it
Ok, these things are nuts. I took them off multiple times because I couldnt believe they werent my Klipsch and Denon surround system. Worth every single penny.
I have owned a few different headsets and these Astros are by far my favorite, that being said the docking procedure is a bit finniky. But overall very good sound and very clear voice chats
I bought these for my sons bday. He has gone through so many headphones its laughable. The sound quality and durability of these headphones are exactly if not better than advertised.
These are the best headset I have ever used. My only complaint is that for the money, they should have come with better ear cups. Over all 9 out of 10.
Best headset ever if the price isn’t a problem Can be used for 8/10 hours without your ears falling off Bass isn’t the best but you can customize sound profiles no prob
This headset is a great price and excellent quality. The salesperson who recommended them said I wouldnt be disappointed and he was right.
Havent bought alot of headsets so i went in on this one. Its very comfortable, sound quality is great, and very easy set up.
Great sound, but dont feel like you have to use the default options. Google or youtube some custom settings from audiophiles for certain games. It will be a much better sound
This is the best headset out there so far. I have used Turtle Beach 800 and both have great audio but this one doesn’t fall apart.
This is second set of A50 Astro headsets. Last set wore out after 6 years. These are very nice and love the docking charge instead of the old cable charger. Would recommend.
My only complaint with the new generation 3s is that its hard to get them to sit in the cradle to charge correctly. It takes a bit of playing every time to make sure the contact is right.
I love this headset I came from using turtle beach and this was my first time using astro and dont think I will ever use any other brand for gaming headset
So far I am happy with this purchase. Yes the price is a little steep but it seems like it was well worth it. The headset seems like it is built pretty sturdy. The connection is solid even walking into other rooms of the house I can still talk. The sound is crystal clear for the battle royale games that I play. Charge seems to hold up well. Played 6 hours and was still at 75% or above. I cant really tell how long it takes to charge since I charge over night but it is always done when I wake up. No complaints so far. 5 star Product.
I bought this controller around black Friday last year and I have enjoyed it from the day of purchase to present day. The sound quality on this product is second to none as it pays attention to great detail and the clarity is phenomenal. It is well built and fits comfortably over the ears and gives you the best gaming experience possible! If you are looking for a great headset that offers great quality on all levels from build to sound then definitely grab a pair of these A50s!
I love these headphones, I had to purchase the extra base for my XBOX One X so they can be used with both and it is as simple as setting the headphones on the base for a few seconds on the system you want it to work with, thats it! When you flip the mic up it mutes it! Charge lasts over 4 hours, I have never played longer than that but it still has plenty of charge left. Sound is superb, I can hear everything and its very easy to fade from game sound to chat sound so you can get the right balance on the fly. I will not game with anything else, this is the best!
What stands out instantly is the sound quality. Its really incredible. I have had these for about a month and a half and am loving it. I have a Turtle Beach Elite 800X for my PS4 Pro and the difference is noticeable for me. The sound is crisp and the even though there is no noise cancellation, you dont really need it as the headphones encompass your ears and its just as good.The headphones themselves are very comfortable and I have used them for hours on end and not really felt uncomfortable using them.All in all, these are great headphones, but I guess for the price, these should be the best in the market.
I got the astro A50 headset and the quality from the box to the actual product shines through and through.The dock station is very nice easy to read icons at front for power,charge level and dolby and not cumbersome sits nicely right next to my xbox one X and its powered off the system.The headset itself is very comfortable power,volume and settings buttons are placed nicely and the sound is very good really nice and loud definitely better than the last headset I owned.I use dolby atmos for headphones app with it and really sounds awesome with the dolby atmos headphones app on xbox one.Defintely worth the price.
I was very sad I couldn’t use my studio 3 headphones to chat on my PS4, but that wasn’t an issue once I purchased these. They have such a long battery life while playing and the ability to be wireless is also great, the sound is very good and I also like how you can preload up to three different sound settings to use depending on what type of game or environment you’ll be using. I like the base station also for quick docking to charge them, it can be kinda touchy sometimes recognizing that they are docked and to start charging them but for the most part it does well.
I previously owned the Turtle Beach ELITE 800x headphones for my Xbox One and thought they were the best. I was getting a lot of complaints about the sound of my voice being in a fish bowl or tunnel so I decided to switch it up and picked up the Astro A50 wireless headphones. Great overall comfort and sound. Way better then the Turtle Beach headphones and actually cost less. Only issue was that there is no stream port for chat audio so if you are planning to record chat audio for streaming or videos I recommend the Astro A40 TR which I actually returned these for but both are absolutely amazing especially for games like RAINBOW Six Siege.
Not only was there excellent service the workers were very cooperative and positive and the transaction was everything I had hoped and more than expected! This is my home Best Buy and I appreciate the effort the workers put into making the store as neat, clean, and welcoming as it can be. The product itself in one word: Quixotic. Everything I expected and even more! The headset knows if your wearing the headset or not and if placed horizontal longer than (I believe) 15 seconds it will automatically shut off and when the owner returns it turns right back on before the ear cups come into contact with the owners ears.
I am transitioning to the A50s from the Turtle Beach Elite 800X headset. The first thing I noticed was that the A50s are way more comfortable and a lot easier to adjust for size. The thing I miss the most is the active noise cancelling feature of the 800xs. Another thing is that following the guide and using the recommended sound settings resulted in a very tinny sound. On the Xbox One X, I started using the Windows Sonic option in the sound settings. This produced a much cleaner sound. Overall, these are great for gaming.
The build quality is great feels good,it’s comfortable. But I’m not sure if the price tag justifies for this item in my opinion you can get a decent headset for half the price. Or maybe I have not use the headset to its full potential. As in I don’t use it on pc I just use it on the Xbox. The bass is not as good as your turtle beach but again on the Xbox I haven’t figured out how to tune the bass or any of the adjustable features
Ive tried a lot of gaming headsets in the past 10 years. And I can say firmly, that the astro brand sits on the top of the throne when it comes to quality. The wireless headset will easily last up to 8 to 10 hrs of gameplay. It has multiple sound modes for those who prefer more bass, highs and mids. Constructed for perfection. The A50s are comfortable for long play sessions that are just the right amount of weight you forget you are wearing them. Works great for ps4 and PC!
The headset is very comfortable (4-hour session) and of course there are no cables to be concerned about. The docking station is easy to set up and the headset goes in and out quite easily, remaining stable while docked.The sound quality is excellent with no noise, great separation, plenty of volume, and quick and easy bias on player vs. game audio. I can finally place the footsteps in COD. Theyre not cheap, but if these prove to be durable theyll be worth the money.This review is for Best Buy SKU 5368400.
Ive owned several Astros and Turtle Beach headsets in the past. My latest headset being the Turtle Beach Stealth 500x, which are also good. However, these Astro A50s are way more comfortable, and come with a charging base, which makes my experience so much better. While both headsets are completely wireless, I love that when Im done gaming, I can just set my headset on the charging base and thats it. No fumbling around looking for the charging cable. Its a little bit pricier, so if youre on a budget, the Turtle Beachs will do. If you can afford these, you wont be disappointed.
The headset is great! I had zero issues with battery life, the surround sound is next to perfect and it just works. Compatibility with PS4 is seamless, but with PC, even though it works out of the box, the ASTRO specific driver program is very basic and does not have simple features like an option to add an icon in the Taskbar in order to see the battery life without opening the whole program itself. Theres no "running at background" or "minimize to tray" options. Other than those, accuracy, latency and range are perfect.
This is a great headset for both gamers who want a competitive edge and gamers who just want to be immersed into an RPG. I find myself doing both with it, it has great audio quality, and its really comfortable even after long hours of gaming (and yes the battery does last quite a long time). I had 2014 edition Astro A40s as my previous headset and while that was still a great headset this was definitely a nice upgrade in quality and functionality with it being wireless. Dont know if I can ever go back to a wired headset now.
Ive had plenty of headsets, and used to love turtle beaches. But the quality, sound fit and even look are amazing. Love these headsets. My only small complaint is that sometimes my friends online complain that I dont sound the same as far as party chat goes. However the quality of these bad boys outweighs the small inconvenience that truly doesnt even bother me lol, the fellas will just have to deal with my amazing voice not sound so amazing anymore.
Great headsets, great sound, but yes, pricey... very comfortable to wear, lots of sound presets you can download to it from your PC. Battery lasts about 10-12 hours for me..I also tried out but ended up returning the TB elite 800x. The 800xs imo have better surround sound then the A50s with more features like Bluetooth, aux in. BUT the darn 800xs clampped down on my head so much that i couldnt wear them for long...With that being said these are great all around, everything about these feel premium. The surround sound gives you an edge in MP games
The sound is better than any other gaming headphone I have tried. I repeat better than any other gaming head phone. This is not going to compete against your Bose or Beats or even AirPods. It’s not for that. If you want to completely immerse yourself in a game....these are the ones to go with. At 299. It’s pricey, but you get what you pay for. If you are gaming at least twice a week there is no better headset to acquire. I hate the charging doc they could have done without that, but buy these...Trust me. You will not regret it.
These headphones met my expectations and went above and beyond what I could have ever wanted! After purchasing, I was able to easily hook up these headphones to my xbox one for use. As a frequent gamer, I use these headphones nearly every day. I have never felt uncomfortable, I have never heard any odd/added noises that should not be there, and I have never had any problems with them! They have met my expectations and much more!
I love this headset. I have been a Turtle Beach guy for years. But since they moved over to the noise canceling ear cups I looked else where. The Astros give you the quick connect option. But they start with the breathable fabric. I am so happy I switched. The sound quality is so good. Sounds like I am actually using my sound system. I had to take the headset off and double check if the TV was actually muted. The volume control is a little quirky but I can usually get it where I want it. I probably just need more time with them.
I was a little hesitant to make a purchase of this amount for headphones (in essence paying more than a new xbox one s) however, after playing with them, its quite obvious Ill be enjoying this for a long time to come. The sound quality is top of the line, the controls are easy to learn and very handy, and I have had zero issues with the wireless capabilities. I would absolutely recommend this to a friend if they are looking for high quality gaming headphones. You get what you pay for it. And it shows here. Excellent product.
This is my first pair of gaming headphones, and what a product to pick as a starting place! The most comfortable out of any headphones (music, etc) that Ive ever owned, fairly simple setup instructions, awesome charging method (just throw them on the base and thats that), battery life? Well, the only reason I cant comment on battery life is that I havent actually played for more than 4-6 hours at a time. And the sound? Yeah, Bose, eat your heart out--theyre that good. Totally worth the price tag. After all, you do (generally) get what you pay for.
I bought this a month ago and couldnt be happier. Ive owned 3 different Turtle Beach Headsets (Stealth 500X, Elite 800X, and the Stealth 700s) and 2 of the 3 broke, where the earpiece connects to the headband due to cheap plastic. The Astro A50s use a aluminum alloy instead of cheap plastic which is much stronger and the A50s arent as tight on your head. However, the only advantage the Elite 800s have is deeper bass. But I much rather have a more sturdy headset than deeper bass...
What can you really say, you want the best you’re going to have to pay for the best. These GAMING headphones are exactly built for what they’re supposed to do. They’re built well, excellent sound, long battery life, charging dock that’s the wireless transmitter. Download the Astro software and you can change your settings to how you like them. What isn’t there to love. It’s an amazing package! Astro A50 you’re the king! I’ve had Turtle Beach Stealths, Razer Thresher, and these A50’s are in a league of their own!
I went through multiple 2.4GHz wireless headsets, however they all picked up interference from my neighbors wifi in adjacent apartments. The Astros however, work on a 5GHz network and have had no issues after a month or so of heavy use. The mic is crystal clear and and the battery lasts a very long time. They are comfortable, and the surround sound is much better then other virtual surround headsets. They may be one of the more expensive options, but after trying out lots of competitors I can say I found them worth the cost.
I bought this for my boyfriend on Black Friday. Definitely an upgrade from his last head set. It’s wireless, which comes in handy for when he rages or gets a little too excited about winning. It comes with a charging station thing which honestly is pretty cool. And to mute your mic you just slide it up. It is convenient design as it is an advanced headset. My boyfriend loves it but I would not have purchased this if it wasn’t on sale.
Greatest gaming headset I’ve ever used. This is not a cheap headset, and it shows. You definitely get what you pay for. Great that his one headset works with PS4, Xbox One, And PC. (You need to buy the base station for the other system for $100.) Would definitely buy again. I can definitely notice a difference from the PS Gold and My Halo 5 A40. Fantastic Product.If these are out of your Price Range The PS Gold is Amazing. I still use mine, also the A40 for the Xbox one is great too.
Ive been through so many headsets to find the right sound none worked for me. I knew the Astros was pricey but worth it. I looked at so many reviews on youtube and any other review I could find. Every single person gave it an 8.0 and up rating. And they were not wrong I enjoy it very much im a competitive player and it does everything I need it to do. Their wireless too which is awesome! Now im thinking to get Mod kit in future
Let me first say I had the gen2 A50s and decided I wanted to upgrade. Ive used several different headsets from $40-$300 and these are by far my favorite. Advantages of these over gen2 - Better battery life, fully wireless Xbox experience, wireless cradle for charging (dont have to plug headphones in to charge, magnetic base), better controls on headset with button layouts. Cons: Still has fuzzy cloth pads. Wish we could have some soft leather with memory foam inside. They have great sound and are highly customizable.
Had an A40 for several years now, love it. Wanted wireless and picked the A50. Absolutely awesome. Lightweight, great sound for games, movies, TV, batteries last forever (15 hours) and if you buy the Xbox One version, you can use on both Xbox One and PS4. All you have to do to use with PS4 is to switch to PC mode and connect with PS4 via USB for the PS4 recognize it as a microphone. Connect with PS4 via optical and you have mic and dolby digital from the PS4 on the A50 for Xbox One. You cant do the opposite with the PS4 version.
I researched this product before making my purchase and found so many positive reviews from many different sources. After making the purchase I found them to be an excellent choice for an avid gamer looking for high quality wireless game audio. Their sonic quality though pricey is worth every penny, if you can afford them. I would recommend them to anyone willing to pay the $300 price tag.
Comparing these a50s to my a40s, the a50s are definitely more comfortable, better fit, and more convenient without the wires. However, I think getting the headset to properly dock for charging is a little frustrating at times .Balancing the game and chat audio also feels a little more frustrating than it is with the a40 mix amp, but the headset sounds amazing. Overall, I do enjoy the headset and being wireless. I think theres just some room for improvement, and the a40s might still be superior.
I bought these a while ago after owning three different turtle beach headsets. I tried the Astros a40, Hyper cloud 2, hyper cloud revolver, Corsair void pro, and a couple of others and have to admit that these are by far the best. The bass on this headset is pretty darn impressive and the ability to modify your prefrences in the included software makes them the best I have heard. I still did not try the new sennhesier, so those might be a bit better. I will have to check about that though.
I had a turtle beach for the past few years and decided to upgrade, with a lot of research on headsets I was a little concerned with the mic for this headset. To my enjoyment the Gen 3 A50s mic is good. Everyone I play with tell me I sound much clearer and the audio in this headset is 5 star worthy! Love these things so much! Also the battery is just crazy! 15 hours of use is crazy!!! Comfort level is great to top it off! To tell the truth the only downside to this headset is the price but no buyers remorse from me!
This is my second purchase of Astro A50s. The new A50s are even better sound quality than the previous model and with having no wire connection it makes them even more comfortable. Each of us had dropped our controller and without the wire you dont have to worry about it pulling your headset or damaging the mic connection. The ability to modify the sound is also a plus with the A50s. On a side note Astro has excellent customer service when you have any issues with your headset.
Sound is fantastic. Very comfortable. The base is a little finicky but not too bad. Wireless cuts out sometimes but is not terrible by any means. Mic is pretty good. Other people say its a little muddy compared to my a40s. Got it on sale so made them a better purchase. Have had mainly Astros and have researched ALOT of headsets. These are very solid all the way around if you can swallow the steep price tag
This headset is everything I expected it to be. I recently upgraded from Astro A40s and couldnt be happier. The wireless aspect is what really puts them over the top. It gives you much more freedom to move around since you arent anchored to your controller like you would be with a wired headset. The sounds are incredible. Footsteps and gunshots are nice and clear and for someone that plays a lot of console shooters its invaluable to know where your enemies are coming from.
Got tired of going through Turtle Beach headphones for 3 kids at home. The plastic head piece would break at the adjuster everytime. Best Buy Employee said these were much better all around. I couldnt agree more. I was hesitant with the price, but these are built quality. Metal side pieces and better engineering at flex points. The sound is amazingly better than the Turtle Beaches. The price did sting a bit, but so did frequently replacing Turtle Beaches.... Im very glad I took the chance on these.
I had the turtle Beach x800s and they were atrocious. 9 other friends all experienced the same performance issues as one another from all around the globe, so its not an issue of the store or a bad batch. After being fed up I switched to these bad boys! You can customize 3 modes on a laptop or use premade customizations from the manufacturers website. Super light, fantastic battery life and quality. I take them everywhere I travel.
So I’ve bought quite a few pairs of gaming headsets over time and I gotta say I’m amazed !!! This headset is perfect from comfort to the looks to the amazing sounds quality and on top of that a base station that’s charges and show cases your headset !!!! The Dolby works amazing honestly people complain about the $300 price tag but you get every dollar you pay for it . My recommendation go ahead and buy one too see for yourself you will not be disappointed !!!!
I am really, really enjoying this headset. The fit, the comfort, the battery life are all as advertised and better. It is taking some getting used to the controls on the right ear cover, but it is not too difficult. Next I will be learning how to use the app on my computer to fine tune the preset sounds. Highly recommend this unit to those who can afford it....and also to those who cannot....
The sound quality is fantastic on these, The only issues I have are that sometimes the headset has a bit of trouble lining up in the stand so it can charge and the mic isn’t the greatest thing in the world. Don’t get me wrong the mic is great for game and party chats but for streaming it obviously isn’t the greatest audio. Other than those very minor things it’s an excellent headset. I mainly use I for PUBG and the directional sound is on point
This is the upgrade to the original a50s and believe its 100% were buying. The base station is great as a place to charge your headset and to keep up with how much charge you have left. The coolest thing about this headset is that if you set it down it will turn itself off, which is awesome. And you dont have to worry about leaving your headset on accidentally. The sound is still great, the ability to mute it still just pushing up the microphone, and theyre extremely comfortable.
This is my second pair and the battery life is so much better than my previous version. It’s pricey but the quality is also worth the price. Hard to recommmend because there are comparative headsets out there that are 100 dollars cheaper but it’s the overall package I like about this headset. The sound, the mic, battery life and other things make this one of the best overall headsets without having to make any sacrifices on features like other headsets do.
So I decided to finally upgrade my first gen A40s when they still had the MLG logos and these A50s are different. Not in a bad way. I was just looking for less clutter so I went with the A50s rather than the A40 TRs. And so far they are doing great! Only con is I wish they would have came with different colors. The green didn’t really catch my eye especially because I had my black A40s for 5+ years I guess new is okay and they might grow on me.
I really live my astro a50s, i tried the a20s to save some cash after having a previous pair of an earlier gen a50... they were okay but there is no substitute for the astro a50s, comfort, quality sound, aaaaamaaazing mic and incredible battery life. This set has it all. The gen 1 and 2 had their flaws but the a50 gen 3 is just the best.
I am a lifelong gamer, and have been through the ups and downs of headsets.By far... the purchase of my Astro Gaming - A50 Wireless Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound Gaming Headset for Xbox One and Windows, was the best one yet!I have been through the other brands of gaming headsets, but these are the best I have found so far.Wireless, comfortable, and easy to use.Only downfall... the range for the wireless headset is very limited. Maybe 20 feet before break up in comms.
This is my second A50 headset. First one lasted 6 months before sound starting messing up. Contacted Astro and the customer service dept was amazing. Long story short.. I ended up buying this new version and I couldnt be happier. Thank you BB for taking care of my needs. Better sound quality, charging system, charge base that actually holds the headsets without damaging the foam. Overall extremely satisfied with this headset.
Let me tell you these things were worth donating my blood and platelets to the blood and platelets center. I could feel like the people online were breathing over my neck into my ear. Battery life is outstanding, when they’re not in use and on they go into sleep mode and when you pick them up the turn back on. Could not be any happier with my purchase.
I was looking for a headset comfortable with good sound and microphone. I got my money worth with this headset, the base is tricky to set correctly for charging the headset but it dose a great job when is on. I like the lights displaying the amount of charge the headsets have even when at use. Wish the Bluetooth connected a phone at the same time as when gaming so you know when you are getting a call and able to answer.
I had the original A50 wireless and this version is much improved. In addition to the technical upgrade (5ghz wireless), the product finally feels like a premium product considering it comes at a premium price. The previous version had a cheap plastic stand that could barely support the weight of the headset. The new version has a charging base that is also the receiver which is a better implementation. Great sound, no drops in connection, an overall great product.
I used to own Turtle Beach headphone worth about the same price as Astro 50. More Bass sound, 7.1 surround, clearly as crytal. Can always turn off surround or bass lower or off. While TB is limit and not only that weak with battery, average ranout like 6-7 hours or so. While Astro last me 10-11 hours. Totally worth it. I sold TB on Craigslist.
This is by far the best mainstream headset for gamers in the market. Explosions, sports, car engines, gun fire, footsteps all this with clarity immersing you more into the game. Astro A50 wireless are a bit pricey but like the saying goes “you must pay to play”. If you’re a gamer and want an advantage in those shooter games Astro A50 are the headsets you’re looking for.
The priciest headset in Astro Gamings repertoire is definitely worth it. If you are looking for crystal clear communication and amazing surround sound placement this is the headset. Especially helpful for games such as PUBG where hearing footsteps is the difference between life and death. Currently own 2 of them so that tells you how biased I am, another site that displays how good they are is RTINGS.com.
I had the PlayStation Gold for PS3 and the new one for the PS4. The Latest that you can still buy has cheap plastic hinges that can break, which is what happened to mine. Bought these as a replacement, and I now hear things that I didnt used to while playing the game. Also great to pair with a PC. Also has a mode that allows you to hear your voice to helps you keep the noise down at night. Little pricey, but well worth the purchase.
Just got these in today. Took 2 days to arrive. The shipping was fast. The construction was fabulous. Light weight easy to setup. Only take 3 steps to hook up to your xbox one. Very comfortable to wear. At the time of purchase I decided not to buy the mid kit. The stock ear muffin are very comfortable and you can get air through for ventilation. Sound quality is awesome. I did buy the mod kit late and wow what a difference. For 40nbucks more not a bad deal.
Great sound for gaming and watching movies or just zoning out to music, Love the fact that you can store 3 different presets. only con about this headset is that for the price you pay, the headset should already come with the optional Mod Kit, the Mod kit is a must with these headsets. overall one of the best headsets on the market today.
I was a little worried spending this amount on headphones, but these Astro A50s deliver. They are extremely comfortable after long periods of gaming. The sound is awesome and the setup is simple. I love not having any wires to deal with on the headset itself. The charging cradle works well too. I came from the Turtlebeach Titanfall headset and I am blown away as to how much better these are. I would recommend these to all my gaming buddies.
Amazing headset easy setup easy to use excellent sound couldnt be happier with the purchase no one has said I sound like a robot so astro really fixed the issue with the software update when you hook up to a computer no popping crackling or anything if your pushing this off dont listen to everyones reviews get it yourself and give it a try cause Im extremely satisfied even though I read alot of bad reviews on this headset!!
Upgraded from the Astro a40tr mix amp 80, and all’s I can say is wow digital Dolby surround sound is amazing. If your going to buy the a40s just spend that little extra and get the A50s people complain they die and have to be chargered and can’t use them, but I just use the Microsoft play and charge kit and it charges while playing. Great headset would recommend
I am so glad I was able to get this headset on sale. I was skeptical about paying os much for this headset for the Xbox One and now I have no regrets with all the features that it brings like the accelerometer to save battery when put down, or the easy mute option or game/chat volume button is well placed. The battery life is great. I dont know how else to describe a great product, I havent had any connection issues as claimed by some.
I had the Turtle Beach 800X and went thru 3 of them in the pass year n a half. (Thankfully I had the protection plan when I got the 1st headset). The Best Buy worker showed me the Astro- A50 and said for the money I would like the Astros better. He was right, they are very lite weight and the ear pieces are soft. The battier life is good and for the long gaming days you can still charge the battier with a cord and just on the base.
Sound Is Clear, Bass Is Great, And All The Audio Is Spot On. There’s No Need To Mess Around With The Settings As Long As You Hook Up The Optical Audio Cable Straight To Your Xbox One. Balance Between Chat And Game Audio Is Also Easily Adjustable With Crisp And Clear Mic Monitoring! Price Is High But Totally Worth The Solid Build And Sound Quality!!!
I bought the 3rd Generation A50s because my 2nd generation A50s had been having some connectivity issues with my controller (since then sent in to Astro and they sent me a new pair). These are by far the best & most comfortable headphones I have ever used. Sound is great and love the total wireless connection for charging and chat (plus my controller batteries last longer). Highly recommend to anyone willing to spend over $200 on a headset.
Headset sits very comfortably on my head even with prolonged usage. Theyve done a great job at moving the headset controls to where it is easier and more natural to change settings. I am not thrilled with the base charger. They could have added some guides to ensure that the headset is seated correctly on the charging base.Overall, Astro has done a great job on improving already a great product
If you purchase this and plug the USB into a PS4, it could damage the deck. There is a reason they made the PS4 and Xbox One version because they use different technology in the USB pass-through (the port used to connect for chat audio and power the deck). Whenever I unplug and re-plug int he USB, and then you turn on the headphones you will hear a cracking or loud popping sound. This was not clearly on the manual or warranty paperwork.
The Astro A50s are the most comfortable gaming headphones I have owned. I have the A40s from 2011 and the improvements made on these make them worth the money. The batter life will last all day even with heavy use. It is easy to place them on the charger to get them to charge, but you have to make sure the connection is established or they will not charge.
I have used the a50s for many years now and this is my second pair. I used to use turtle beach many years ago on the ps3 but they seemed cheaply made and broke easily. My first pair of astros lasted me 5 years without any problems and they still work fine but I just wanted an upgrade. Definitely a headset that’s actually worth the price. Oh, and the comfort and sound quality on these are amazing as well.
These headsets are way better then its predecessor. When using or even picking up, you can definitely feel that its lighter. The base was a great addition. Knowing exactly what your battery life is like when in use or charging is an added plus. The base keeps things nice and neat unlike the last model. The already additional battery life is assisted with the auto shut off. I would definitely recommend upgrading.
I absolutely love this product. This is worlds ahead of the headphones i was using for gaming previously. The only draw back is the built in microphone and the dolby digital surround. The Dolby gives a hollow echo when listening to other players (I just turn that feature off) but the microphone is truely lacking. This is easily fixable with an extra mic, but i would expect a $300 device to put a little effort into this area.
I have always Loved Astro Gaming Headphones. I have owned the Astro A40s Gen 1 & Astro A50s Gen 2. But i would have to say these are by far my favorites! I love the fact they are totally wireless! The battery life is great on them too! They sound amazing, and are very comfortable for hours upon hours of gaming.
I use these to play my PS4 Pro and they work great with my games and chat sessions with my friends. The flip up boom to mute is really nice and a great feature. The sound quality is awesome and I love watching my shows wearing the headset. Its nice and comfortable on my head and doesnt hurt my ears.
The new updated version with the dock is amazing! You dont have to plug it on anything because charges wirelessly and the battery also lasts for a very long time. It also has a better control over chat and game volume which makes the game experience even better!
After looking into a few other gaming headsets, I finally decided to just take the splurge with the astro a50s. From the sound quality to the microphone to the comfort and to the durability and looks, the astro a50s are hard to beat. Its overall a GREAT headset and they really are worth the 300$.
Overall the performance of the Astros are amazing, don’t really have anything negative to say besides the first set that I got were defected but I know it happens since there manufactured, but the feel and performance feels like 300$, and I highly recommend getting the mod kit l!!
I havent had anyone say that I sound horrible. So I think they may have fixed the mic problem. The surround sound on these along with the bass is superb. They do seem to have an issue disconnecting from the base when in sleep mode. They are able to easily last a full nights worth of pub stomping
This was a joint purchase with our son for Christmas. He loves them. He also loved that I ordered and was able to just pick them up rather than have them shipped from another company that he was looking at purchasing them from.
These are the best solution for the Xbox One and PC. The sound is still amazing, a bit cleaner and sharp. The total wireless solution without chat wire and charging dock make these really convenient. The best is the motion sensor it has as the headset turn off when you lay it down to save battery.
Cant beat the cordless of this item. Mobility to move around while playing a game without concern of pulling the cord and dropping the gaming system. The microphone is high quality and people can hear me clearly. The surround sounds elements raise the level of all video games I play.
All I will say is this sound that comes from this headset is exceptional,, Im a gamer,,,and u hear in 7.1 surround sound,and the ear cushions are so comfortable u hardly feel them . If your looking for a Headset u cant go wrong with these.
I have never owned a pair of gaming headsets before but this purchase was a great decision. These are multi purpose as well. I can use them to watch a movie too and not have to worry about interrupting my fiancées studies. The surround sound is awesome. Great product!
I have had no issues with this headset since purchasing.Headset is super comfortable with good audio and my friends can always hear me clearly. Would recommended to friends if they can afford the cost.
Best headset out for the Xbox. Great sound, very comfortable, long lasting battery, and different sound settings are available at the flick of a switch. Only thing missing is Bluetooth capability. Range is not amazing but often irrelevant. MUST HAVE FOR TRUE GAMERS!
I previously had an earlier generation of the Astro A50s and they were good but I wanted something newer. These headphones provide superior sound quality and give an advantage while playing games, especially FPS games.
This headset provides outstanding sound and spoken word...I highly recommend it for any serious gamers out there who are tired of purchasing mediocre headsets and having them malfunction or break.
I know they have a big price tag. But they are worth it! I love them! They fit nice they last a long time on a charge. I had the wireless mic for the 360 and I miss them and I dont know why Microsoft doesnt make a wireless for the One. This is a good wireless headset for the one!
The level of quality of this headset is unmatched, especially once mated to the Astro Mod Kit ear cups. If you think you might want this, dont hesitate.
Fantastic quality. Outstanding craftsmanship. Installation was somewhat easy, just a minor driver issue, easily fixed. Range on the headset is superb. Multiple sound settings make it easy to tailor your game and voice-chat capabilities. Way better than my previous Turtle Beach headset.
If you want wireless headsets that can be more than 30 away and last a full 12 hours + this is the one for you. I have used other headsets, and this is at the top of the list along with my Bose.Look no further, these are the best for gaming.
Took me a sec to figure out how to best “set” the headset in its dock; but, apart from that, I’ve had a stellar experience with it. Its sound quality is crisp and full, and it’s a great alternative for my 5.1 VIZIO sound system when everyone else is asleep.
These have great sound a long battery life and were quite easy to set up, not to mention the nice charging staion.I owned a pair of Astro a50 headphones about 4-5 years ago I think and these are an amazing upgrade to the older generation headphones
I wanted a really good headset but have never bought astros. Used turtle beach for years but found them now uncomfortable. So I decided to give the astros a shot. They are amazing,comfortable for hours of gaming. Easy to use and sound great. Big difference. Im very happy with them
I got this for my son as a gift. We tried them out and when I put them on, I was beyond impressed. I not only could hear enemies around me but also above or below me. It was so amazing that I had to get a pair for myself.
I used the Steelseries X800s before these. Let me tell you; there is no comparison. The Astros feel much lighter when on your head, they sound much better, and theyre ACTUALLY wireless unlike the Steelseries which need the cable connected from controller to headset in order to chat.
This head seat is great battery is never an issue. Used it for sometime on my ps4, then used it with my tv via fiber optic connection for movies and now I am using it for pc gaming and vr playing. Versital and no wires.
No wires at all I can use it for my PC and Xbox One without any wires to bother me while gaming. These headsets are very comfortable you can fall asleep while wearing them even. It was easy to setup just gotta make sure you update it before doing anything with the Astro Command Center.
Previous owner of multiple turtle beach headsets and each one always broke or sound ended up fading. I’ve had the Astro headset for about a year and still like new. I would definitely recommend if looking for a new headset.
I purchased this headset to replace my turtlebeach x800 for my xbox do to my mic not working properly. I am glad i decided to exchange them fir the A50 since now i can be heard clearly while playing with others online.
The product I purchased was for professionally gaming, and I cannot be more satisfied the sound clarity the connection and adjustments I can make for gameplay.
I love this head set. Now its expensive but its shows in construction of this device. I like that its made of metal and not plastic. It will hold up better then other cheaper headsets Ive own. A great headset for gaming.
This headset has a lot going for it. It fits great, is comfortable enough to be worn for long periods of gaming, is completely wireless, and sounds great for pretty much any game type. If you want a great pair of headphones for every day gaming, these are it.
A bit on the high-end for price, but well worth the money. The sound quality is superb and you are able to hear and locate opponents accurately in multiplayer shooters like COD and Fortnite.
The headphone is amazing for use at home when one doesnt want to disturb the others. You can hear little details that give you advantages in games such as FPS s. Only crappy thing is that you cant use it to speak on the PS4 as well, only works on Xbox.
This second version of the A50s is definitely a great upgrade in the right direction. My first ones I had after a lot of use I only stopped because of the charging port broke. So I’m glad that’s not going to be a problem no more because of the charging station.
I needed a good pair of headphones for my gaming. I bought these ones and have been very impressed with them. Good sound, good mic, and the ability to have the sound either focus more on your voice chat or more on the game.
I bought these for my son who has had many turtle beach sets and they broke due to design. These have great sound, comfort, and a sturdier design. I reviewed these before I purchaced and saw very few returns on these compared to turtle beach even they also have great sound.
Had the Turtle Beach Elite 800 and it was terrible, switched to these for gaming and they are much better. LIghter, feel better built and sound great and the mic is clear. Also use for late night tv watching with a baby and they are awesome.
The Astro A50 headset is, hands down, the best headset on the market if you are able to afford the $299.99 price tag plus tax. If you are unable to afford this headset, the only other headset I would recommend is the Hyper X Cloud Alphas.
I have purchased several high end headsets for gaming and this is by far the best one on the market. It is completely wireless on Xbox One without the chat cable. This fixed all of the audio problems I had in party chat. I would highly recommend this product.
I cant really think of a bad thing to say about this headset. if you play games on xbox and PC then this headset is for you. setup is simple and there is a lot you can do with the customization software. the headset is very comfortable even throughout long sessions.
I wanted a wireless headset that was durable and I feel like I made the best choice possible. I had the turtle beach 500 XP stealth but the thing was a piece of junk and broke where you adjust the size to fit your head. Love this headset and its worth spending the money!
This Astro headset is amazing. I’m using it on an Xbox One X. There are times where the microphone doesn’t work when turning the console off , the fix is to unplug the power and plug back in. Other than this rare issue , it provides amazing sound quality
I was looking for a great pair of wireless gaming headphones for quite a while. This pair had some great reviews and the price was right so I decided to try them out. Glad I did. The features are great and the sound is fantastic. I would recommend these to anyone.
Sure, theyre pricey, but its the best console headset you can own, imo. Comfortable, great sound, long lasting battery life, auto sleep mode when you set the headset down, great combo of transmitter and charging dock. If youve got 300 bones to spare, look no further
I wasn’t sure which headphone set to buy, but i am so pleased that I made this purchase! The sound quality is amazing and I love that it has a charging dock added. Would have loved a mod kit included for the price I paid but that’s the only downfall.
Originally bought the platinum headphones, and was sorely disappointed in them. Bought these instead, and I can listen to not only the ps4, but regular TV as well since I run the optical from the TV to the headphones stand, then to my bose. Satisfied customer.
I owned an old pair of A50s and decided to buy some new ones as the battery life was not the best anymore. The new ones are so much better. Battery lasts so much longer. Sound quality is great. Use these for late night gaming and movie watching.
These headsets work so well! I cant hear anything else except the noise that I want to hear! The max volume is loud like a boombox, a nice bass. I get to hear what I say, so singing in the mic works good for my wife as well.
The Astro A50 is the best gaming headset I have ever owned, the sound quality is pretty awesome, battery life is great and the fact that you can program audio profiles are also a plus.
Very happy with my purchase and would recommend this product. The quality is great and I he sound quality is awesome. The price of the product is very comparable to other places but the finance you offer in purchases makes it possible to manage
Astro has done a great job of updating the A50 line. The new version has a charging dock integrated into the base station; its an elegant solution that works well. Support for the Xbox has also been improved and no longer requires an additional adapter. Awesome!
Upgraded to these from the turtle beach 500x. Theyre the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn, sound is great and the chat mic is definitely the best Ive used as well. Range is decent and it cuts out once in a while but it doesnt really affect the experience.
Headset is SUPER comfortable. Battery life is great. A little difficult adjusting the balance of your sounds. I like a little more bass on my gaming but i havent figured out how to do it properly but great headset.
I take online gaming a little too serious sometimes and I turned them all the way to clutch up on a map and well needless to say Im pretty sure I have permanent hearing loss but I won and heard the guy from across the map planting the bomb. Great product.
Grant headset. I had an issue with party chat, but it ended up being an XBL problem. Nonetheless, the Astro team reached out to help. It sounds awesome, has great battery life and the support is top notch. I cant say enough about this headset.
I have the Astro a40 tr headset and I wanted a wireless headset and I picked up the Astro a50 when they were on sale! Astro makes high quality headsets and the sound is great! If you are looking for a wireless gaming headset give the a50 a shot!
I recently bought these to replace a pair of a40s which I gave to a friend. Anyways these are amazing, comfortable and pretty loud, I like that I can mute my mic by putting up the mic. The docking station lights are not to bright(you can dim them / with the app)
I bought the Astro’s for Black Friday and I couldn’t be happier with the product. I can clearly and distinctly hear all of my surroundings including enemy footsteps. I highly recommend picking one up if you are looking for a gaming headset
Wonderful headset, been enjoying them ever since I got them. Battery life is legit, easily last for 10-15hrs. My only gripe is that the price is a bit high, I recommend buying when its on sale like I did.
Have been using it for a while and still works great. The only issue is that sometimes it is hard to seat onto the charging station correctly to begin the charge cycle. Not worth a loss in rating though.
Bought these for my 15 year old gamer. He loves them. He says they are very comfortable and greatly reduces background noise. So I scored!
I had the first gen Astro headset and decided it was time for an upgrade. My old ones were great, but these were a very welcome improvement.
Works perfect for my needs. I have owned multiple headsets and this one is far better than the others. I have been eyeballing it for awhile and picked it up for like 224.99.
Hands down, best wireless gaming phones Ive tried. Sound like wired and very comfortable. Even better that Best Buy honored sale price 2wks after I bought them.
I am really impressed with these gamer wireless headphones. They are the BEST of everything you need. Awesome clarity and easy use.
Kind of expensive, but worth the quality. Great clarity and sound directional input. You can hear which direction the action is coming from.
After setup the sound quality is awesome! Playing Destiny 2 and the detailed sounds of explosions in the proper ear to the left or right is great!
The Astro A50s are amazing! Sound quality is awesome. The Dolby is awesome too. Only bad thing is the battery doesnt last long enough. Other than that they are amazing.
Best made headset of all available. Will never buy the turtle beach crap again. This has aluminum versus plastic at the stress points
These headphones are simply amazing u can hear everything very clearly. They also did an amazing job with the noise cancelation better then most gaming headphones out in the market.
This model is even better than the old one which I loved. The sound quality is amazing, installation is fast and simple, and the charge stand works great. Highly recommend!!!
Was bought as a Christmas gift for our grandson. Has to be at least his 5th set. He picked them out & so far these are the best ones he has ever used. The rest are now in the garage.
Sound quality is excellent. But I had to tweak some sound settings right after purchasing, but no issues after that.
Great headset comfort quality Experience Dolby 7.1 surround sound for up to 12 hours of gaming with this A50 wireless headset. Its adjustable size and soft cushions makes it the best
This is a great headset, needs a little tweeting by hooking up to computer but works great with great sound not to many better
It’s everything I need. Sound quality is phenomenal. Wireless is more convenient than I imaged it would be, after using wired headsets for years. Buy this headset!
Best headset Ive ever owned.They were a little pricey but the quality and sound are great and worth the extra $ I spent to get them.
The astros are simply amazing. They will up your game whether your a noob or a pro. I highly recommend any of the astros from the 20’s all the way up to the 50’s!!!
I have owned many headsets but the A50s definitely are at the top of my favorite. So easy to install wireless and best of all sick sound. The price is high but nothing good is cheap
I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas & he still can’t get over how much he loves them. They block out noise really well too.
Love them, the quality, the surround sound and the comfort of the way they feel on my head. Buying the mod kit is a must for best gaming experience
The price is a bit much but if you are willing to spend the money for quality this headset is the one, it has incredible in-depth sound out of the box, and using the computer program you can make your tweaks even more and make it sound how you want it. Amazing product.
Ive owned a few different gaming headsets in the past but once I landed on Astro there is no going back. Great design and quality to them, sound is great and makes it so I dont disrupt anyone else with my gaming by channeling all of the audio through the headset with just a couple of clicks. The A50s are absolutely worth the investment.
I have owned this Headset for little over a month and I am satisfied across the board with the product. The battery life is long about 12-16 hours on a full charge. The sound is epic and very comfortable.. The headset is sturdy and feels durable. But buyer beware ASTRO customer service is AWFUL!!!!!!
These thing are awesome i love them i just got them 2 months ago. I had the turtle beach. But i love these more my only complaint were the leather mod kit i brought threw them they are very uncomfortable my ears start to hurt after an hour but the ones they come with are comfortable i just prefer the leather even tho they sorta hurt after a few hours
This is simply the best wireless headset for console gaming. You can use it for PC as well but, there are better headsets made strictly for PC out there for the same price. The build is sturdy and quality is great too. The price is a bit high for headphones but it is a necessity for pro gamers. I have a review of this headset on YT @ jaymous91
my grandson and a few of his friends my these. little pricey but ( except for the one that was broken right out of the box/ had to be returned) they seem to be very sturdy. usually when kids get headphones they break after a few months. these are working just fine
I boght 2 of these one for me and another for my editor we really like how they can run computer audio and ps4 audio at once this helps out alot with video capturing and editing. Comfy great sound. But one complaint when you put them on.the stand to chrge it tqkes some fiddling but it eventually connects. But besides that its awsome
This headset is amazing! I love the surround sound and the mic is crystal clear! The only thing I’ve noticed is that occasionally I’ll get some digital sounds mixed in with my audio. This could be due to many factors, but overall this headset is fantastic. I’d buy it again in a heartbeat.
I use this for my pc and x box one. I love this headset, I can do q full gaming session without needing to charge the headset. It does not use bluetooth to connect so it has a base unit that you plug into the x box or pc. I have no lag or voice crack in and out. This is a must buy.
I really enjoy playing with these headset and would recommend any serious gamer to drop the money on these. Sound quality is amazing especially on PVP games where surround sound is important. I was never able to hear the little details that really do make a difference
These are the best wireless headphones I have had yet.  Seem very well built very comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Sound is great.  I think they are worth every penny spent. I like the base for charging the set. Overall I’d say they nailed it with these headphones. Way to go Astro.
These are by far the greatest headphones I’ve ever had! Definitely worth the money, if you want the cleanest and most crisp surround sound headset these are them! Super stylish,light and comfy! I could wear these all day long and stay comfortable. I definitely recommend these!
I have gone through so many pairs of other brands of headphones, I finally found a great pair of noise cancelling, easy and clear sounding headphones. I still got the extended warranty just to be safe since.my other brands never lasted longer than 6 months. These are still going strong!
This was a birthday gift for my grown son. Gaming is a hobby and after work stress reliever for him. Also something he can do for relaxation when the kids have gone to sleep! I knew he would love a wireless headset, and I checked all the reviews before purchasing it. It was expensive, but worth it - he says it is everything he hoped for.
The new charging station is much better than the previous way of plugging and unplugging a charging cable/wire, all I have to do now is just set the headset on the charging station, but it does have the place to plug and unplug as an option, if you really want to do it that way. Everything works very well. I still feel A50 is the best out there.
Hands down best ones I’ve ever owned for gaming I love these things only downside is the charging port on the headset gets a bit screwy so definitely make sure you get the insurance on them other than that the sound and quality is great
Absolutely love them and people complain about dropouts, switch you’re router channel to a lower channel and you’ll be fine. Sound quality is crisp and clear, I can hear footsteps further than turtle beach with superhuman. Tested with a buddy, and it’s about 15ft further in the game
Great surround sound and the headphones are extremely comfortable. Your ears do not get hot when wearing these for an extended period of time. You can add the mod kit as well and they enhance the comfort of these headphones. I charge mine after every use as they seem to lose power when on the charging station.
Best head set Ive ever had. If you are a gamer in the market for the perfect headset, pay the price, and get these! Also, "astro" is an easy company to work with as far as warranty. I had a little trouble with the A40s and the process was simply and took less than a week.
Astro A50s are the perfect headset. I had the previous generation A50s after trying the TB Elite 800s. These are better with the improvements Astro has made. Making them modular(mod kit), charging base, better battery life, just to name a few. I use to be on the Turtlebeach bandwagon. The Elites dont hold a candle to the A50s, period.
USED TURTLE BEACHES 600S FOR OVER A YEAR, PURCHASED THESE BECAUSE OF TRYING THEM ON WHEN A FRIEND GOT THEM AND ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM. BOUGHT A40S AND RETURNED THEM FOR THESE. DONT TRY AND BE CHEAP JUST SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY UPFRONT!
My old astro headset had to be replaced. Good thing I purchased the warranty and replaced it with another astro headset. Seems more convenient when I want to switch between gaming between PS and Xbox. Not to mention the quality of sound and the comfort of it on my ears. The cost may be up there, but its worth it and lasts long.
I cannot believe that i almost talked myself out of buying this headset. It is the most comfortable headset i have ever worn, It outputs vastly superior sound quality. And looks wicked cool. If you are struggling to purchase because of the high price amount, cool your jets and buy it, you wont be disappointed, i personally guarantee it.
One of the best headsets you can buy. I’ve owned many different brands of headsets (triton, turtle beach, steel series) and once I got into the astros I haven’t been able to get away from them. Sound quality is the best and they are super comfortable.
I have been an Astro user for over 3 years now. I have only gone through 2 headsets (only got another one because I purchased the xbox one version once it release) This product functions great and looks better. Love not having a wire connected to my controller, and the docking station is awesome, no more plugging!
I bought this headset after my turtle beach elite 800x headset died on me. I only had my turtle beach elite 800x for less than 6 months before the right side ear went out. I have had the Astro A50 for about 3 months so far and it’s definitely worth the money.
Most comfortable headphones I have ever used. I am not a fan of the docking station, because they have to be on there just right. The mic boom is easy to use for muting and un-muting. Would be cool if they spoke to you like the Turtle Beach 500 headsets letting you know the status especially considering the cost of the headphones.
I think that store is very complete. Every time I go to that store I always find what I am looking for.Special video ganes and electronics.In my house bote my husband ando daughters ustedes something they enjoy.That is why I buy and enJoy bying there.
This latest version of the Astro A50 are completely wireless - meaning you can play games, watch movies, etc. with the xbox controller off. The sound is really good and it is very customizable (via a computer). Very happy with my purchase and I couldnt recommend them enough for anyone looking for great sounding wireless headphones.
Best headset i’ve Bought so far. It rests comfortably on my head with no issue for hours. So far I have only tested on PUBG to hear the directions of footsteps or gun fire and I can tell you I’m loving it. Sounds are coming from where you think it’s coming from. So gamers will like this for sure.
Bought these for the wife and she loves them. She loves being able to adjust all the settings and set them up specific to her gaming style. Got them on Black Friday so I got a decent price for them and am thinking about getting myself a pair once mine go out.
Great headset that is very easy to setup and use with either PS4 or with a PC. If you want to use one headset in multiple locations you can even buy a second base station and it will sync with either one. So keep one on the PS4 upstairs and one at your computer downstairs.
Great headset extremely comfortable and sound is amazing. The prefer brands for me are Turtle beach, Astro and Razer which brings games like Call of Duty and Battlefield to life. Make sure to lookup on Youtube the best settings for your Xbox and headset.
I have been an online gamer for years. I have had many different brands of headphones. Astro a50s are definitely worth the money I upgrade everytime a new model comes out. Price is a little steep, but you will not be disappointed . Well worth the money!
You get what you pay for and in my opinion these are the best headphones on the market. Sound quality is awesome. Mic sounds great (from what Im told). Removable/replaceable padding around the ear and headband. They arent cheap, but if you got $300 dollars to burn and in need of a new headset, the A50s are a no brianer.
This headset is totally wireless for the ps4 and has an accelerometer to know when the headset is in use for battery conservation purposes. Keep in mind if you want to use this headset totally wireless with chat for Xbox as well you will need the extra Xbox base station for $100 or otherwise chat will not work.
Best wireless headphones Ive ever owned. Bass is nice and clean and rumbling. The presets are noticably different. Cloth ear cups are very comfortable and not hot even in extended use. You can see and feel the solid build quality. Only downside is the battery life is not what company claims.Too bad they are discontinued
This is by far the best headset Ive ever had my life. Sound quality is amazing, the first time I wore these somebody talk to me game behind me felt like they were actually in the room. I jump like a little school girl! Do yourself a favor if youre going to buy a headset spend the money and buy these.
I love these so much I bought two sets. They are the best gaming headsets you can buy. The sound quality is well beyond anything out there on the market. While not as good as a pair of audiophile headphones they are the best thing with a mic attached.
Bought these to replace my Turtle Beach DXII’s that eventually broke after many years. Bought the TB Stealth 700 and didn’t like the comfort and fixed mic boom. Purchased these on sale and they are well worth it. Look, feel and sound awesome.
I love Astros a50s. They still have a great battery life. I bought them back on November 9th, 2016. Havent had really any trouble. A few times the xbox will say it doesnt recognized the headset. Ive just unplugged the power to the headset and plugged it back in. It connects within seconds. 5/5
These are the most comfortable headset Ive owned. Amazing sound right out of the box just with the 3 preset eq modes given. If you want to fine tune the sound there is that option as well. Range is great if in same room but will cut out if there are walls interfering. Pricey set but well worth it.
This pair of headphones is amazing. Produces great wireless quality with no lag and within the software can tweak the levels of every aspect of the audio. Comes with three great levels for videos, gaming and just best audio setting.
This is one of the best headset Astro has done I own gen 2 but gen 3 is far better and I recommend you buy the mod kit also for everyone asking this Xbox edition works on ps4 also I have tried it and works good t chat dont know why people say it dont work maybe the ps4 to Xbox wont but Xbox edition will work on ps
Tired most of hyper-x, Logitech, artics, and others and this is my favorite. Though a bit pricey, it has the best design, audio quality, surround sound (G533 is a bit better), and fit. Use them all the time.
I purchased these as a gift for my son. It was a little confusing setting them up , but once they were connected the sound quality is unmatched . I had to return the first pair back to the store for frequently turning off and on . I suggest the replacement program . This pair is working seamlessly . Get a pair
Headphones, even though a little on the heavy side, are excellent. Sound quality and mic are excellent. Adjustable features are a little complex for the beginner but are an excellent way for the advanced gamer to fine tune to their liking.
Its amazing what the 7.1 surround sound does for this headset. I have had many other headsets including almost every hyperx headset and I just dont see what the big deal is. The 7.1 for this headset make finding anyone in fps games so easy
I purchased the A50s to replace my TB XP500s and Ive been so happy with them. I use the head set for gaming and team chat only. I havent looked backed. I paired the Bluetooth to answer my cell phone when needed and it worked well. I just got tired of having my game interrupted, so i unpaired it. :-P
I bought this for a friend he told me the are the best wireless headphones he has ever had. I tried them on and the sound is crystal clear plus the battery last along time the other thing I like about them is that they dont mess with the wi-fi his previous headset mess everything up whenever we were playing.
These headphones are great. They are pricier than I would usually spend. I didnt pay full price, though. They are very comfortable for prolong use. But, my head is only average size and I dont wear glasses. I dont think they are true 7.1 .
The A50’s sound isn’t audiophile grade, but it’s good enough. Drop on the charger when done for the night. Pick up and they turn on. Set the cans down and a gyro notices and suspends them. No wires for kids to pull or trip on. Good mic. The convenience is amazing.
Was very hesitant to spend $300 on a gaming headset. Though, they have turned out to be worth the money so far! Fantastic quality! Haven’t had any issues with them yet! If you follow opening instructions then you should have no problems! Would recommend to someone who games daily!
Had the previous A50 headset and until I had an issue with the sound cutting in and out I loved them. But unfortunately I returned them and ordered these instead. So glad I bought the Geek Squad warranty! This new updated A59 has better sound, mic, charging stand and are more comfortable. I really love these.
These are hands fown the best headphones you can get as far as sound quality goes. You can plug them in and program them. The only drawback ive found is putting them on the charging station is finicky. Im super happy with the purchase.
These things are amazing! The sound is incredible. I have a home theater that is totally over the top. It has nothing on this headset for game play. I find the sound can actually be a bit startling. Evil creatures sound just that much more creepy!
This was my first wireless headset for the Xbox One. I wanted something where I could listen to movies, games or music and have top notch sound. I am very pleased with this product. It was very easy to set up and the performance has been outstanding. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
The staff recommended these headphones due to the excellent quality even though the price was a little high. They have lasted through much use and had no problems, even useful for making beats although they are really better for gaming. Able to distinguish background sounds and clarity is good.
Great surround sound to come in from a headset! Doesn’t matter what game your playing or even what movie you are watching; this headset brings you the best quality sound you can get to date.
High quality. My soon had always used Turtle Beach headsets but says this is the best one he has ever had. Excellent mid-high end head set.
Best headphones on the market for gaming hands down. They sometimes have issues connecting or with the battery but are usually easy fixes using their website.
This is hands down the best headset and I have had all of them even the elite 800s and these blow them out of the water in loudness and footsteps for FPS games if you play FPS games this is a must headset
These are by far the best surround sound headsets I have owned so far and other models where triton a40 for PS3 , after glows where my PS4 launch headset but none have the crisp sound like the Astro!
Had the previous version of this headset and by far this one is hands down 100% better. No more being connected by a wire to your controller to chat!! Sound is awesome.
You can really hear every single sound using these. Has helped my gaming significantly. Overall quality is amazing. Great buy
The New Astro A50s have much better Battery life & very light weight vs the old A50s . Only Down side I found is that the New A50s have less range on the them. Sound Quality is still Superb :)
I have had a few gaming headsets and this one is by far the best sounding. It’s deff worth the money if you want the best of the best. Super comfortable as well
Sound quality is vastly superior to other headsets. Magnetic charging works really well. The headset has 3 bass settings. Works with both Xbox and PC.
I was looking around to replace and old turtle beach headset. I definitely wanted wireless and it had to be comfortable first sound good second. This one hit the spot in both categories
These headphones exceed all of my expectations. Sound quality is amazing and they are really comfortable to wear. The ear cups can be switched with leather ones if you happen to prefer them over cloth.
Awesome wireless headphones. I use them for Xbox gaming and they are crystal clear, can hear the bullet shells hitting the floor. Great for team chat and have long lasting battery life.
Yes this headset is expensive (although down to $240) right now. It is literally the best headset Ive ever used. Comfort is great. Sound really great. Just a solid piece of technology.
As it says above, amazing comfort and sound. There are days where I game 10+ hours and I never get the pain around my ears like I do with other headphones. The charge lasts pretty much all day.
Love everything about this headset. I love that you can configure 3 different settings and adjust it by the flick of a button.
If youre looking for an amazing headset, look no further. This generation is even better than the last. Truly wireless! There is no cable required between the headset and your controller.
Works great with playstation or on pc. My son is on his second pair. The first stopped charging after 6 months. Make sure you get the geek squad warranty.
Its good for being a Bluetooth head set and hasnt broken on me like the other astros Ive had. Only thing is you can customize the sides or anything but besides that its a pretty good headset!
These are a must have if you love gaming online. They are super comfortable, lightweight, and have amazing sound quality. My friends say I’ve never sounded better. You have to have these!
Good solid headset which is very comfortable. Mic is great. I love I can use them with my PC (extra component not included if you dont want to mess with the base). Make sure you play in a quiet room because these do not cancel or muff external sound well, which is why theyre comfortable.Took a little while to figure out how to set up the optical correctly but now work great.My only complaint is they lack bass if youre watching a movie, but I guess thats not what theyre designed for. However, with a newborn, I dont need to run my home theater to wake him up.
This headset is great and like other reviewers mention the charging station is a little janky but my only gripe is the not having a mute button vs having to lift the mic up, I play in a room with a ceiling fan and I’ve received complaints that my mic picks up wind noise so I have to keep myself muted which means I’m constantly lifting and lowering the microphone. I’m sure it will break at some point but it’s just a pain in the butt and takes away from the action.
The A50 is probably the best Xbox headset you can buy, but it still has the same occasional connectivity problems other headsets have, and occasionally the mic spots working until you unplug the headset be and hard restart your Xbox. Unfortunately, I havent seen a headset that didnt have the problems.Lots of great features on here and the software really less you real the sound. I love the mic nose gate.
I love these headphones I previously had the a40s I bought in 2010 and they still work but I finally decided to upgrade and I love having wireless headphones. The sound quality is great and the headphone overall are great purchases. These headphone do come with some cons however, sometimes there is connectivity issues where my Xbox won’t read I have a mic attached and it has to be placed just right on the charging station or they won’t charge, these are minor issues though and I still don’t regret making the purchase.
I bought these to replace a wired headset that I had been using previously. I was glad that I could finally have a completely cordless headset experience. The material is soft and comfortable, but can still hurt after long gaming sessions. It also does not block out much of the external environmental sounds, but unless youre in a loud place, you wouldnt notice.Sound quality is excellent.
The headset is good not the best but good! It has little issues like the headset heating up and getting stuck in a mode but it is an easy fix they have plenty of guide on there website and others on how to stop that. The headset connects great to both my PlayStation 4 and pc with out any problems just a flip of the switch! The headset also has “mods” on there website that you can use to customize it. The sound in and out of the headset is really good and clear with no static or weird sounds.
I bought these to replace my Plantronics RIG 800LX that started having bass distortion issues. So far the sound quality has been phenomenal on these headphones. The comfort level gets a 4/5. Theyre a little heavy on your head but it just takes some getting used to. I havent tried them with the mod kit, but at $300 they should come with the mod kit already. If you can afford them, these are the best you can buy for PS4/Xbox.
These are pretty good, just a little on the pricey side, they have there own program to adjust them which is cool and wireless is always nice with the docking station to charge them. Only issue I’m having is it takes awhile to get them to start charging on the dock because they don’t stay on there very well and they aren’t noise cancelling you have to pay more to get the separate ear pieces. Other then those little things overall good product. Hopefully they hold up overtime we will see.
Its a super solid Headphone that can use 7.1 surround sound or USB to connect to PC or Xbox. But, there are a few bugs. One time it wasnt able to turn off and you just have to let it die out or connect a micro USB and keep trying to power it off. Another thing is making sure it has a different frequency then a modem near it. It bugged out for days until I realized my modem was set to auto channel which was messing with the frequency. I changed my modem to a set channel and it hasnt bugged out since.
This is a wonderful headset by astro. The issue i had with this is that the wireless signal would cut in and out, because the docking station for the headphones was too close to my router. If the docking station is too close, the wireless bands interfere with each other. Other than that this is an amazing device. I ended up returning them and going with the A40s, which is just the wired version of the a50.
I have used this headset for almost a year and it is a solid pair. For the price though I expected better sound control and deeper lows. The fact that you have to pay for surround sound is also a minus. If you have the money to burn, you wont make a bad choice, although there are probably better headsets out there at a lower price point.
Sound is good! Wayyyyy to expensive for what it is. I have headphones that sound just as good or better and more comfortable for $40. I returned mine, stuck with my headphones I use via Bluetooth to my TV and just use my Samsung earbuds for mic either just the earbuds or earbuds and headphones ovet the earbuds. Dont spend this much money unless youre on hours at a time and constantly using the mic. Great headphones and charging base tho. If you got money to blow go for it
I really liked this headset... But the price is steep for what it is... The mixer is awesome and the charging/transmitter base with light indicators is awesome but for games like pubg that benefit from Windows Sonic make the Dolby digital unusable... Dolby digital is great for movies... But I have a soundbase for that... So, not worth my money. Would recommend to others if they want to spend the money or watch a lot of movies with headphones on xbox
I was originally going to buy the A40 headphones, but saw these so I took a chance. So far they work great, and I dont regret the purchase. Pros: Excellent sound, Long Battery Life, Easy setup, No Charging cable, and Decent MicCons: Expensive, very expensive. When putting the headphones on the charging base, it can be a bit finicky getting it to sit properly so it will charge. Overall good headphones, if you can swing the price.
For the price tag, I would say they are okay. Ive been using the Logitech G930 wireless 7.1 headset for as long as I can remember and these take a little getting use to.For the price I would think you could grab a pair of senheisers and a separate microphone for the same price but you cant talk wirelessly. Im still considering it, but these are great if you want an complete all-in-one package.
Great headset Just what I wanted ... Completely wireless they work all around most of my house .. Definitely recommend if u want complete wireless a lil over priced but best on the market I tried them all before I settled on the astro a50
I love the Astro A50s. The quality of the headset itself is great, which it should be for the price. Ive have a few turtle beach headsets previously that break at the ear cup/band area. Im not worried that the same will happen with the A50s.
I use these every day and they hold up well to each game. Dolby can be toggled on/off if desired and the volume has many different presets to download and choose from, as well as mixing your custom preferences. Great high-end product!
Easy to set up and use, and the sound is awesome. Much better than my very expensive, WIRED, Turtle Beach headphone/amp combo. The price of these is a little steep, these are wireless, COMFY and sound fantastic. Highly recommended!
Best headset I have used for gaming. Battery lasts for a few gaming sessions, and audio is great. I used to buy turtle beach exclusively, but I think I will be using Astro from now on.
Lightweight, will not cause a heavy burden on your head. The only negative is that you’ll hear everything loud and clear,brace your self because you’ll hear the most hit def deep breathing music blasting low quality mic players
Amazing sound on these Astros And the convenience of fully wireless is the best. Connection is extremely easy, and with the astro system on your computer you can set custom settings for the sounds you want for whatever your playing or watching.
They work very well. Easily mute which is a plus. Wireless is also very nice dont have to worry about plugging into the controller. Like the docking station with additional USB slot as to not just hog the slot you still have 2 available slots for usage.
My pre teen absolutely loves this headset. The battery last longer then many electronics we have, the sound quality is wonderful, the mic works great for talking with friends virtually and the headset is comfortable.
The sound is so clear the voice chat is also top of the line. I can hear every noise in game and footsteps are clear when someone is running by you.The charge time isnt that long and the battery life is for long gaming sessions.
If you’re looking for the best headset, look no further, this headset may be originally $300 but if you caught it when it was on sale for $250 it was a steal, best 7.1 Surround Sound headset out.
I previously had the 2014 edition of the Astro A50s and loved them but the internal batteries in those were only lasting four hours at the most. Good thing because I bought the two year warranty on them just like I did with these. Well worth the price.
I really enjoy this headset by Astro Gaming. Its light durable and fits great. I really cant hear anything outside of these headsets. Im also impressed with the docking charger.
After much tinkering and configuring these headphones are awesome the only thing that I don’t like about this whole product is the dock for charging if you don’t set these correctly on them it won’t charge
This is the second pair that I have gotten for my son. He loves them! I love that he has them and uses them! He can hear total surround sound and also talk to his friends -and I dont! They are so comfortable that I want a pair for myself.
A great headset I have the Astro a40s and wanted to go wireless. The a50s are great all around after some tweaking in the settings it’s the best set I have owned yet also the mod kit from Astro is well worth ordering to
Great headset. Comfortable, made with quality material. Was a turtle beach guy but the plastic band kept breaking so I decided to try something different. No regrets.
Great sound quality. A big issue I had with the previous edition was that they picked up a ton of interference but these do not. Also, the charging cradle is a huge plus, seeing how much battery life is left before having to hear the battery low beep.
If your Looking for Great quality and the Best sound, this head set is wonderful. You will think you are in the Game lol. Hands down worth every penny and the sound is seconded to none! Very comfortable to wear and after it charges it plays for hours
The A50 headset is the most expensive set of headphones Ive ever purchased, but theyll worth the money. Excellent sound, battery life, and microphone. The profiles are easy to apply and it alouds a ton of tweaking options. I would purchase again.
You get what you pay for. These Astro A50s are amazing. The sound quality takes gaming to a whole new world. I play a lot of Call of Duty so these headsets are perfect for me. The build quality is top notch, you can play all night withough fatigue.
This headset is one of the best headsets I’ve ever used. Sound quality is just great. I definitely recommend you pick this up. And having it be Wireless is great.
Simply the BEST headsets for gaming ... Love the sound quality, the wireless charginf base its fenomenal.... You will never be out of charge. Finish gaming?? Just put the heasets in the base for charging . I recommend this 100%
I have used the Right 800XL, the Turtle Beach 800X and now the A50. The A50 is definitely the best on the market. Comfortable, outstanding positional audio, great ID and good mic.
These are my second pair of Astro wireless headphones and these are hands down the best on the market. Love the new charging dock. The sound is so clean and clear. I would definitely recommend.
No questions asked by far the best headset i’ve owned I just switched from the turtle beach 800x & this astros are unreal the sound quality and the comfot are key for me to play i can wear them for hours & the battery lasts forever
My previous headset Turtle Beach 800 and Turtle Beach elite. Pros-Comfort-Build Quality-Customization on sound settings-Awesome mic quality -Awesome battery lifeConsPricey
I used to use trittons and turtle beaches until the original Astro A50 came out. It was the best gaming headset I have ever used and the next gen A50 are amazing. I love how theyre actuallyCompletely wireless and customizable on the studio.
Love these bad boys make sure u get the warranty not cause they go bad, but because if they do Best Buy just replaces them no questions asked. No need to go through astro and wait months for them to fix them.
I love the beautiful quality of the sound in these headphones. Im not really impressed with the solidity of the Bluetooth connection though. Mine cut out every once in awhile and that is annoying. But overall they are intense for movies as well
I love this headset, I have the PS4 version. I had bought this originally because I like the color green better and online they said the PS4 / Xbox versions were interchangeable between systems but that is not true. Great product
would of given a 10 star on these gaming headphones instead of a five. I have had several headphones break and it is costly to keep replacing headphones. I purchased A50 Wireless headphones they are truly amazing. Costly but worth every penny..
i needed some gaming headphones so tv wont be loud in the middle of the night but as well good ones and long lasting instead of getting cheap ones i decided to get A50 wireless. it was worth it
I love A50s I had a pair of the 2nd gens and they were awesome! Now that these come with a charge base and an accelerometer theyre even more convenient! Being able to customize these now was a bonus!! Great job Astro!
these headphones are great. premium price, but updated with the dock which I love. always charged and ready to go. love how it mutes when you lift the mic. love em love em love em. ears are super comfy adn interchangeable, real surround sound!
One of the best headsets I’ve ever used . Was looking for a great sounding and good looking headset and the A50 is the way to go You can Hear Everything on it and wireless is a Plus!
These headphones are awesome for gaming and even for people that wanna watch TV and movies with awesome sound without cables. Low latency, customizable with the Astro App it has everything.
If you are someone who games 4 or more hours a day, this is the headset for you. If not, a much much cheaper headset will do the job. But this is well worth the investment. Comfortable, beautiful sound, and easy to use.
Very expensive the only reason I bought these I got them on sale on black Friday for 225 not 300$ I have never had a headset before but all I can say these are a little on the heavy side but they get loud and they sound great
It was a little difficult to set up at first. Not much instructions. Did not know you had to turn off the headphone in order to charge it. Once I figure it out, the headphone is awesome.
The Astro A50 Headset is the best Headset. The volume quality is great and the battery lasts a long time and charges quickly as well. The headset is comfortable, however is secure and feels of high quality. I highly recommend this product.
Bought these for my son and he has had them for a couple years and loves them. I now bought these for another family member to enjoy! We have had other brands including Turtle Beach but none of them stacked up to the Astros.
Been gaming online for 15 years, and hands down the Astro A50s are the most comfortable, best sounding, great battery life, all around best headphones Ive ever owned. A little expensive but worth every penny.
The headset is soundproof. Love the Wirless aspect and being able to flip the mic up to mute it. They have great flexibility and a long battery life. Upgrade from an A10. Astronomical difference
My kid has always used Turtle Beach headsets with his XBox. He decided to give Astro a try after breaking his TBs. He loves these 100x more than his TBs. I dont like the noise cancelling because he cant hear me yelling for him anymore!
I read a ton of reviews before purchasing, needless to say i was highly impressed by the 7.1 surround sound quality. It sounds like you’re in the movie, video game or what ever your listening too. Highly recommend!! A++++
Awesome headset! Honestly best headset I’ve owned. Truly wireless and you can be very far from your system and it will still have amazing sound. You could even use the restroom and still know exactly what’s going in the game.
To be absolutely cordless and have the best audio quality, is a game changer. Im an avid battlefield 1 and Pubg player and can positively say these headphones have improved my gameplay. I can hear everything! 10/10.
Amazing sound, awesome 7.1 surround, games sound on point with this headset. Love the bluetooth, not that long range, but I dont usually move much when gaming. Astro command center is pretty sick and I love the 3 presets. 5/5 steller.
Was hesitant at first with this Astro A50 headset, but glad I took the chance. It is a terrific headset with great sound and range. Would buy again! Great value, and solid quality.
I exchanged my A40s for these. I have to say if you hate having wires contacted to your controller then go with these. Sound is amazing on these headsets. They fit nicely on your head and dont feel heavy at all.
I love this headset. Works way better than my previous headset that I had. I really like the ability to hook it up to my Xbox One and PC at the same time. No issues so far and I would definitely recommend this to any serious gamer.
I bought this after breaking 3 of the competitors headsets. The TB brand was cheaper plastic where the ear sliders adjusted. These are better materials. (Metal) would recommend if youve got the $300 I use them daily for gaming.
I love the A50s because they have a long battery life and have no connection issues. I highly recommend, even with the high price tag, it is worth every penny.
Got these when they first came out and they sounded terrible so I returned them. Now a year later I tried again and they are eat nirvana. Make sure to update the base and headset and you will never want another pair.
This has really great sound quality and portability. NO CABLES! Really easy to prioritize between game audio and chat audio. Muting is as easy as putting the mic in the upright position.
This headset might be pricey but the sound is excellent. I have used many headsets in various price ranges and its clear why this one is at the price point it is because of the quality.
These truly are the best headsets you can buy, loud, completely wireless, surroundsound, long lasting battery, great sound, good bass. They’re expensive for a reason
Works great out the box but then I learned of different modifications you can make to adjust the sound effects. Downloaded some already made online and they totally changed the Dynamics of the sound in the games I play.
Excellent in every possible category. I have always had Astro headsets and will continue to only buy Astro, I purchased the top of the line Turtle beaches and returned then the next day for this headset.
Solid built, true wireless capable zero wires. Strong signal strength, awesome sound, hear behind you super clear. Best heasfset owned fourth one. Wireless charging port is awesome. Highly recommend for serious gamers.
I’ve never had a headset so perfect. It’s super light weight, and has excellent audio. The mic is very clean and responsive as well. Very comfortable fitting. The docking station has always been 100% too.
18 year old gamer insisted on this headset! Said it was top of the line!! It did not disappoint!!! Impeccable performance with PC and PS4 gaming
tried a bunch of headsets, easy install, true 7.1 surround sound, adjustable and can use on my PC as well. only thing i wish is that the you wouldnt have to buy a separate base in order to use it on xbox as well.
I love these things! Good battery life. I drive a semi and the noise canceling on them completely eliminates the sound of my truck and voice is crisp and clear on them. The sound quality is great and the headset feels great!
Love the size the sound its so clean and load i up my game with these bad boys. And the light weight build on these keep my neck muscles feel good on thise long nights
I have always loved Astro gaming headsets. I love the fact that this one is completely wireless, the docking station is software customizable and it can be used on both PC and Xbox.
Love this headset upgraded from Astro A40TR love this could have better wireless range but I get that comes with time love the headphones highly recommend
Had Astro A40s and loved them, bit wanted to get rid of the wires. Im a heavy gamer and play for long periods of time and these A50s have not once died on me. They take a bit getting used to from wired headphones but I love them.
Ive also owned the turtle beach 800x and though they are nice as well, I accidentally hit buttons on the side of the Turtle beaches often when moving my head in my recliner. Id recommend these over the Turtle Beaches 800x
I have tried all generations of A50s and this one is much improved. The mic sounds much clearer and the dock station is perfect for charging without having to connect the cord. Would highly recommend for any PS4 player out there.
If you want great sound and a wireless experience then these will do it. Pros- great sound,completely wirelessCons- heavy at first but I got use to it, not cheap
Sound is very clear. The option to turn off Dolby mode is very handy. Just throwing them on to watch a movie is also great. But the best use is to hear the footsteps of those who intend on harming you.
I was a big turtle beach guy but after I tried these I was sold. Word of advice soon as you get them plug into computer and download the manger and update/change the settings to how you like it
I would wait till the price drops a bit but i could not wait i loved the product too much. The sound is amazing and everything about it is great being light weight more than the other Astro and great battery life
Awesome headphones. Works great and son loves them. We have a slim PS4 and couldn’t charge through game system but we were able to charge them through tv. Great product!
It does everything a gaming headset should do very well! The audio quality is amazing and I love how you can change the EQ presets to custom made ones. The charging cradle is also a great feature. My headset is never dead.
Bought these for online gaming use and they do not disappoint. Perfect clarity and 3D sound. Hear every doorstep around you. Yes theyre expensive but they blow the turtle beach headset I had away. Worth it!
Love not having any cords anymore. Nothing going to the controller, and the sound is out of this world! Would recommend these to anyone looking for headphones. I know they cost a little more but they are worst it.
Astro are the Best gaming headphones on the plant. I use mines on sport gaming games NBA 2K17 & Madden 17 Fifa 17 you hear crowd noise and on the court / Field noise you will be amazed. plus I got them from $250 on sale at BB
I bought this headset to replace a broken one . Seems like this model is a bit more sturdy above the headphones. Beware of dropping these gaming headsets as the damage easy.
Sounds are so clear and the headset so comfortable. I traded in my Stealth 520 for these. Well worth the additional cost. Can wear them for hours. Im a big COD player and I can hear people walking up behind me so clearly.
I had the hyper x cloud flight before these, sound was great on those as well but mic always cut out. These Astros are worth every penny, mic is great and sound quality is the best!
I started with a Playstation Gold headset. Those are a toy by comparison. My son (24) highly recommended them. You cant go wrong. Excellent, seperate controls for chat and game sounds. Im really impressed with them.
These headphones sound great. Bass is fantastic. I ordered the better ear cushions as the ones that come with it arent comfortable for long periods of time
At first I was skeptical about spending this amount of money on a headset. However, after experiencing the sound that these put out I’m super happy about the purchase! Unbelievable with Dolby turned on!
I love the ability to switch between my computer, the Xbox and PS4 (with the right station). Wireless battery holds charge well, though I dont spend 8+ hours gaming.
Works with pc, Xbox one and ps4. I love how I am able to chat completely wirelessly on any console. Just for ps4 need to attach usb to the back of PlayStation. Works amazing!
Super comfortable, easy to use, and wireless. If you searching for your next headset, take a look at this one first. Works with any console or pc as well.
The astro headset is awesome. I love the sound and quality. They’re comfortable and the fit is great too. Definitely satisfied with this purchase.
This headset is great. Comfortable, long battery life, and easy set up. They do not come charged and takes a while to charge from dead.
They are great headphones, a little pricy but worth it. The sound quality is great and customizable, not to mention how comfortable they are. They have great battery life and charging time to usage time ratio.
i love my a40s but it was time to go wireless this new A50 first they look amazing, second the dont feel heavy at all, third the software part i just in love im now able to set the EQ exactly as i want it. ConsPrice
This headset is great! The convience of being completely wireless is amazing and the sound and Mic quality is amazing as well. Defiantly get what you pay for. If you love to game and want the best, Astros is the way to go.
Ive had the first 2 generations of the Astro A50s and these are an improvement over those for just the completely wireless feature alone. Also the ability to customize your eq setting is nice as well. Highly recommended.
Great for both Xbox and PC gaming, this headset is the best you can get. The Surround sound is spectacular and you wont regret having these.
After much consideration, decided to splurge and get my little (now big!!) Buddy his FIRST choice. So happy he feels we made a good decision - a grandmom lesson in you get what you pay for :)
I got this headset in hopes of owning all the noobs who stand in my way. It’s perfect for sound whoring and comfortable all day. Love them
I have owned a lot of headsets. All the brands you can think of I have had atleast one. I have owned this headset for about 5 months now and I hasnt let me down. Battery life is great and the quality is outstanding.
I read a few reviews before purchasing these headphones and they were spot on.. These headphones are lightweight, look great, and sound amazing. Be warned they are not entry level, so the price is not either. Love them.
Not the best at anything in terms of sound, quality, or price but definitely the best at balancing between features, quality, and sound. Charging is easy the sound is pretty good and the microphone is really clear.
I think Astro makes one of the best gaming headsets period and the battery life is amazing I could game all night till morning and battery still be going and microphone is very good as well
I was fooling around a while with other brands and possible choices, finally get decided on this with no regrets the sound is marvelous in xbox and pc, definitively the best headset available
These are one of the few headphones that have the virtual surround sound that will work on the Xbox one. Great sound and super comfortable. I hook these up to my TV to watch other shows also when people are sleeping.
I have the 2nd gen version of the a50 and love them. I wanted to get my husband a pair because we both game. I like the newer model even more. No wires at all and much better charging base then mine.
I love this headset it is really good quality build and sound its one of the best headsets that i have ever purchased, i do have the turtle beach elite 800 and these A50s out beat them by a long shot
Best headset you can buy for the xbox one. Easy to set up, light, very comfortable for extended play, no wire to the controller needed. Charging cradle is perfect, late night surround sound without waking up my wife.
Only issue I had with the headsets is that it interferes with one of my routers 5ghz channels but once I changed the phones in the house to the other Wi-Fi channels.... it now works flawless!
After using turtle beach an triton, Astro headsets are the go to gaming headset. Upgraded from the Astro A40 cause i wanted to have the freedom of no cords in my way.
These Astro A50 headset are amazing. Great surround sound. Great volume. Well worth it! Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a premium headset!
Wireless was the way to go and I love them. The comfort, sound and the ability to chat with friends with no issues made these Astro A50s the choice for me. A bit much for gaming headsets but they work great.
These replaced the gen 1 pair I had. Can’t tell you how much better they are. I even purchased the add on accessories for it. Longer battery life and wireless connectivity sold me
I purchased this headset for my 14year old son. The headset has a great look along with great sound along with cancelling out the surroundings. Great purchase!
The headset is very good. If its a little buggy at times but easy to manage. The sounds quality is beautiful. You can easily start believing the sound is coming from all around your instead of a set of headphones.
My grandson loves this headset. Was much easier to set up than he thought. Holds a charge for a long period also. Worth the price
These are on the pricier side of most casual users, but I can assure you these sound amazing. They are durable, comfortable, and provide great audio for FPS games.
You can hear everything with great accuracy and detail. Only problem I have is that the PS4 Pro doesnt have enough USB ports as you need one for this headset. Easy setup and comfortable to wear.
I know some may look at the price and be turned away but if you value sound in gaming you cant go wrong with astros. The music and sound pops and makes it feel like your really there well worth the price
Incredible sound I recommend buying insurance especially if they have children the platform to charge the headphones has three points that break easily so I recommend the insurance and everything else is fine
very comfortable. I had the A40 for years and they got to bad over the ears. My dog also liked to lick the ear covers. The A50 has leather covers and are much more comfortable.
I love these headphones they are awesome they are super comfortable and I like how you can still hear things around you but not interrupt the quality of what your listening to.
I went through a few pair of headphones until I tried the Astro A50. These are hands down the best totally wireless 7.1 surround headphones I’ve tried. Buy them and you won’t be disappointed.
This is one of the best headsets I’ve used. It is very pricey but the quality of the headset is worth it. I don’t feel like they are going to break or fall apart after lots of use.
This is my second pair of Astro Headsets. These one I can say are worth the price and purchase. They are completely wireless, no cable from XBox One controller to the headset. The battery life is last longer.
I was using the arctis pro with gaming dac and they had nothing on these. The sound is so much louder and highly customizable! The mod kit is awesome too!
Bought this headset to replace a set of Astros a50 gen 1 and I couldnt be happier with them. Sound just as good but have the ability to customize my sound in infinite amounts of profiles.
Bought this for my husband for Valentine’s Day. He loves it and I also love it as my home is no longer consumed in the war zones of Call of Duty. lol
I use these for my pc and xbox one. it has a switch on the side you can flip inputs. wireless is great and the sound is the best thing ive heard in headphones. you will not be disappointed with this purchase.
Best headset I have purchased. Definitely an upgrade over Sony brand. Audio and microphone are the most clear of any head set I have used
Got this as an replacement for the first gen A50... this 2nd gen really live up to the spec even though i charge it every night but i game about 5 hours a night and it will still have around 50%
New headset stands as it advertised. Will not need a new headset for years to come. Sound-excellent! Mic adjusts up and down to mute. Go online by attaching headset to computer to adjust sound as wanted!
Ive had multiple pairs of headsets and this was by far the most comfortable as well as the best sounding. You could hear small background noises 2x better than a typical gaming headset
Astro A50 is one of the best. Its very comfortable, the battery life is great. The build quality of the headset is simply superb.
Awsome headset best Ive ever had. The positives are comfy,Sound quality, quality of overall headset and the stand very good. Bad thing ya. Uhhmm. Price
Well built! I bought these because I like being able to hear myself though the earphones. The charging station is really nice too you dont have to fumble with a chord to plug in, just put them on the base.
Prior to purchasing my A50s, first i began with the A40s. I couldnt believe the quality and only wished it was wireless. The wireless version is even higher quality sound and overall product quality.
Sounds like the tv qauility sound in your ear with sound proof and you can have good loud clear voice good for movies and apps. Although I have no computer to play around with the headsets many more options
i had the the previous a50s and I wanted to try different headset but i havent a better headset than Astro so definitely a50s are the way to go they have great sound they look great !!
I’ve had many different brands that are great also but when I finally bit the bullet and bought them I couldn’t be more happier, awesome sound quality built, coustomized sound there the best
These are the best! They take gaming to the next level. Amazing audio, comfortable, quality headphones. The new charging cradle is a huge improvement over previous years. Get a pair, you wont regret it.
I’ve had my headset for almost a year now and I’ve seen the negative reviews on this headset after only a month or so, but they’re not all fair. I’ll start off with the cons and possible solutions/causes to the problems. It’s true that the mic does cut off frequently at times, but I’ve found that the cause of this problem is having the base station positioned near something with a similar frequency to the one it uses to communicate with the headset. For example, my headset never acts up unless I turn on my soundbar, which is next to my base station, but once I turn off the soundbar all the cutoffs stop happening and the mic works perfectly. It’s true that battery life is weird, but that only happened to me within the first month, it seemed to adjust itself after the month and they consistently reach a minimum of 8 hours of consecutive use. Another awkward problem is that if you leave your headset docked on the base station overnight it does drain your battery every now and then, but I just leave the headset hanging off my monitor and the battery doesn’t drain at all. I will say there has been one scary problem though that’s only ever happened to me once and it was that my headset didn’t charge or turn on at all a whole day, but luckily all I did was leave it alone for a couple days and it somehow fixed itself they work perfectly fine now. If you can deal with these problems, then I would 100% recommend this headset!! Some of the best sound quality in game especially if you adjust the settings on a pc beforehand, but I can also 100% recommend using them without adjusting any settings they work great. The mic is also perfectly clear, my friends have never once complained about any background noises or my voice sounding funny. Overall, once I got past the previous issues and I’ve gained experience on how to handle the headset I’ve fallen in love with them
I have been using wireless headsets for over 10 years. I have owned turtle beach, Astros, and now SteelSeries. I only buy upper end equipment. Turtle beach has great sound but their made of plastic and do not last. Astros were made with quality but the battery life sufferers and issues developed around transmitting. I got the steel series after reading reviews and how most customers raves about them. So far I’m impressed.The are superior in design and features. 2 batteries for quick swap or you can stay plugged in with a micro usb. The audio presets are suitable and you can adjust through the eq. Chat vs game audio is also adjustable which I like for multiplayer lobbies.One thing I did not notice in the unusually small owners manual was how you can select adjustable parameters by using the volume control wheel as it also rotated through the menu by simply depressing it. You dont have to get up to adjust any of the controllers features. The controller draws power from the ps4 eliminating the need for an adapter. But their is an a/c adapter port on the back. The company does not include one.So far the audio has been crisp and clean on both receiving and transmitting. My online gaming buddies have noticed a difference in audio quality as having improved. The retractable mic has a red led that illuminates when the mic is off. Like that a lot.The headset is robust and quite comfortable. You can tell a lot went into the design and quality materials, not just plastic was used in their manufacture. Specifically around the ear cups and swivel points. Alloys were said to be used in these areas. I cant really attest to that but they seem strong. Not like loose fitting wobbly plastic headsets. Im impressed.
Starting with the packaging on the ASTRO A50 Gaming headset, I was very pleased with the box that the headset came in. packaged properly. After opening I inspected the entire headset for any defects or marks and only found a tiny, tiny bit of plastic left on the mic stem end that wasnt trimmed properly. Other than that, it was designed and put together flawlessly. I had set up the Astro A50s with no issues. It wasnt until the 2nd time I charged the headset where I found an issue. I docked the headset and the following day I went to use the A50s, only to find them drained and easily over 100 degrees. They were SMOKING HOT and not charged at all. I quickly removed them, let the headset cool and re-docked. I never had that issue again. Other than that my biggest and most frustrating complaint is that I lose audio on MULTIPLE occasions while gaming with a party. I will lose both audio from the game and also from the party chat. I will be emailing ASTRO to see if I can get a refurbished pair if this is a notorious issue. Now dont get me wrong. I walk around my entire apartment and can continue to talk to my party, its only until I go outside does the signal drop. The surround sound is AMAZING! I hear things on these Astro A50s my co-gamers cant even understand how I know where the noise is coming from or if someone is sneaking up on us. This will enhance your game play and make you much more vigil. The sound on this headset is amazing. I came from Turtle Beach headsets and this is clearly an upgrade. I do have minor ear aches similar to my Turtle Beach but not nearly as painful. If you are looking to invest in this headset, DO IT. Just keep your receipt handy in case you decide otherwise in the trial period. I hated coughing up $299 but I know I will not need to replace this headset for a decade.
I was a big Turtle Beach fan (having had several of their headsets over my 20+ gaming years of exp.), however, my last exp with the 700s turned me off. These came recommended by some guys I play with. Great comfort and sound. Not 5 stars because the charging base is very finicky and they run on 5g Wi-Fi so some routers may interfere with the connection.
As always, Astro makes a comfortable and very durable headset. Sound quality is pretty good, but there are minor annoying problems. Headset is frustrating to properly dock for charging. Also, I find sound issues and syncing issues that require me to reset my settings in the Astro Command center. The wired a40s have superior sound and easier to adjust for game/chat balance, but if you want wireless, this is still a great headset.
Oh man, this is the best headset I’ve ever own when it comes to gaming. I’ve had some turtles beaches before, but nothing compares to the sound clarity and quality this puts out. Battery last a while for me. Only reason I gave it 4 stars it’s because It has lost the charge several times when I don’t leave it charging over night!
I went from Logitech headsets to this, and dont regret it. Its much more comfortable, never pinching my ears or glasses like logitech did.Additionally, it isnt falling apart like my logitechs always did. I will say, for the pricepoint, the microphone is disappointing compared to extremely budget options Ive used in the past.
While I thoroughly enjoyed the headset for the small amount of time I had them, its hard to really justify the price. Sound quality was great but not the best and while they are initially the most comfortable thing you will ever put on your head, extended use of more than an hour started to give me a headache. I think my head may have just been too large as I had it on its max length so big headed people, this may not he the headset for you.
I recently owned the turtle beach 800xs and had to geek squad them out because the base station kept wigging out and required a hard reset and i would lose connection once in awhile to headphones. I upgraded to these based on online feedback and they definitely are better! I wish my mic wouldnt pick up people talking in chat though so they echo. overall good.
The Astro A50s, like its A40s wired counterparts have decent audio and comfort. As someone who has used different pairs of headphones and headsets for gaming, I cant tell these apart from cheaper $100 headsets even with surround turned on. Mic quality also isnt the best. If you can find them on sale, they may be a decent buy but hard to recommend at $300.
Used to have a pair of A40s and they broke so it was time for an upgrade! The new a50s while more expensive offer a complete wireless solution. Once you plug the USB into and Xbox or PC itS for the most part plug and play. THIS IS GREAT! No more cables from the controller and all setting on the right ear cup. They have good sound that you can adjust via a PC or Mac app as well as some ok presets. If youve got the cash its worth it!
I bought these because I really like the 15 hours plus battery life. The first pair I had thecleft ear cup didnt work so I exchanged them the second one the mic didnt work so I tried one last time and the headset worked flawlessly until I put it in its dock for the life of me I couldnt get it to charge. My brother has a pair that everything thing works flawlessly and its probably one of the best headsets out there when it works
Great confort compared to steelseries 7 pros. Also tried sennheisser gsp 500, really nice but also overpriced and needs a dac. So far the astros are not overheating and the ear and head pressure is solid. May try the a40 but with a dac only fifty less. Try these if you have larger ears or wider head. Smaller ears and head try steelseries.
I really enjoy this product, so far. The wireless feature is sweet. It has good sound and an adjustable comfortable fit. Charge goes for 13-15 hours. My only skepticism, is it durable? I had the prior model A50 and it was nothing but trouble. The only reason I gave it another try was that it had decent reviews.
Amazing product! Havent had any problems that couldnt be fixed. Firmware updates will happen!!! ***THIS HEADSET IS NOT FOR YOUR CASUAL GAMER...GRANDMAS/GRANDPAS THAT MEANS WHEN LITTLE JIMMY WANTS A GOOD HEADSET FOR CHRISTMAS THIS WILL BE A EXPENSIVE AND UNNEEDED CHOICE!!! Unless little Jimmy is actually playing in tournaments or would know/have all the equipment to make it work.*** I did have a problem once in a while in party chat my friends would say I sound like a robot for a good 30-60 secs. Updated my headset and boom fixed. Read up on these because your missing out 10/10 product. Wish I had 2 ;)
I was a turtle beach fan that is all I ever had so I switched because Ive heard from people how great Astros and so they came out with their first all wireless headset the comfort is great the sound is awesome the battery life is outstanding I can play for hours the headset is built great compared to my other headsets that Ive owned they dont feel like cheap plastic customer service has been great Ive had to get ahold of them because the headset wouldnt get assigned by the Xbox but thats not a problem with the headset its the Xbox because turtle beach did the same thing. The headset is great
Love this headset. I have tried A LOT with no luck at meeting my expectations. This headset is comfortable, sounds great, and the friends I game with say that I sound good too. I love that it is wireless, so I dont have to plug it in to my controller. Charger works great, not as difficult to set in the cradle as some reviewers make it out to be! Only complaint is it does tend to cut out occasionally. Its only occasional and only for a second and it comes right back, but that is why I took one star off.
I replaced my 2nd gen A50’s due to the battery life slowly getting worse and worse. I was getting about 2.5 hrs per charge. I think I was originally getting 8 hrs when I first purchased them. Now I get 15 plus hrs with the 3rd gen. These feel better and the materials seem to be improved. One nice bonus is that you don’t need to plug the headset into your controller to use the mic. True wireless from console to controller. As usual, the audio is excellent.
This headset is great. I love the all wireless feature. It sounds good and the battery life is great. Its super comfortable. I wear glasses and this is the only headset Ive owned that doesnt hurt my head with them. Ive had turtle beach and tritton. Only problem Ive encountered is if you have a router that has 2.4ghz and 5ghz wifi channels. The 5ghz channel will interfere with this headset. I use mine right by my router and had to turn the 5ghz channel off. It would be 5 stars if it wasnt for that.
I have been gaming for over 8 years. Ive bought many headsets over the years including Turtle Beaches and Astro A20s. I was very skeptical of A50s because the A20s always cut out on me. I didnt want the same thing happening to me with these, but Best Buy has a 15 day return policy, so how can I go wrong? Well, Im glad I did buy these. They are expensive, but if you game a lot, these headsets are definitely worth the price. These are loud! The sound is crisp and these have really deep base. These headsets are even great if you want to listen to music or watch TV. If anyone wants to know if you can hear the enemies footsteps when you play Fortnite or COD....... well, lets just say you can hear the enemys footsteps so far away that youll need to adjust your bearings. I was hearing enemies over and around mountains... seriously! It was confusing at first because I thought they were actually closer than they were. Final thoughts: If you need that edge of hearing the enemy when you play games, or if you just want to relax and listen to some music, then get these headsets!
After using various headsets, both wired and wireless, with my PlayStation 4 pro, a gaming buddy of mine in Atlanta got the A50s for Christmas and told me about how wonderful they were. The microphone clarity when we game together was very noticeably better than what he was using previously. I decided to take the chance and spend the money on them.First impressions:The headset fit like a dream. The size adjusters on each side are very sturdy and dont slip. The headband is very comfortable. My head is on the larger side and where most stereo headsets cause discomfort after and hour or so of wear, these did not. I downloaded the Astro software on my computer which allowed me to make some changes to the programmable switch on the headset (preset equalizer options), even download user presets from their forums, as well as adjusting default settings for when the headset first gets powered on.I did end up buying the A50 Mod kit, mostly for the noise canceling it promised and I was very pleased with that as well.If youre anything like me, an Audiophile of sorts, but are concerned for the price versus the quality, take the plunge. I dont think youll be disappointed.
I have the A50 Gen3s coming from the A40 TR and the regular A40/mixamp pro before that. Also have had some turtle beaches years ago. The A50s are on par sound quality wise (I turn Dolby off and use Atmos via the Xbox settings). Back to back between these and the A40TRs I cant tell the difference. The little details is where these show the value. Obviously being wireless with nearly no compromise is big, but also the dock is nice, and the Auto shut off is nice too. If you set them on your desk/table/whatever they turn off after a min or so to save battery. Also the auto mic mute when the mic boom is all the way up is a good feature... much better than the A40s in-line mute button. I now leave them off the dock most of the time and use them till they get to about 50% charge then charge them. The battery life is incredible... Using them for 12 continuous hours and it used less than 50% battery. the range is decent though depends on your home and other interference. I am able to go anywhere in my smaller 1000sq ft apt. without issue. The price is steep... but the quality is far beyond the competition for gaming headsets. I have read reviews talking about issues with the mic, I have had no such issues. I did however get the protection plan for them (always get this for headsets!!!!!!!!) All headsets are wear items IMO and are prone to break easily, when this happens... take them back to best buy and get a new set. Or a different model if you so choose. No hassle.
I was originally hesitant to buy a wireless headset. I was bogged down by fears of poor connectivity and latency issues. Alas, my worries were for not. I have been gaming very hard with these since my purchase and the battery life is astounding. I have only had them die on me once and that was 15+ hours into a gaming session. With the convenience of being able to plug in the headset and use them still, there was no lapse in play. The audio quality will knock your socks off; especially if you’re using some of the lower end headsets now. They are a little heavy. So, with long game sessions, you may experience some soreness where the headset rest on the top of your head. They noise-cancel pretty well and provide excellent ear comfort. I do wish there was a more convenient mute mechanism aside from the flip up the mic option. However, that has been far from a deal breaker. There is a pretty good level of customization with the equalization presets as well. Which gives you even more control over your gaming/audio experience. By and large, I am very impressed with the purchase and it is one of the best headsets I have had the pleasure of using.
I originally purchased the Logitech G933 Artimis Spectrum Snow Edition. I wanted a set that really went above and beyond for me when playing Battlefield 1 on PC. They were great, but didnt compare to my old A50 first Generation series I owned. So then i see that Astro is revamping the A50 and was set to release in October. I walked into my local best buy on the 28th, picked them up, and took them home and I have not looked back! They are phenomenal. Great eq settings OTB (if you arent into tweaking) and even better customization options if youre into fine tuning your audio experience. Surround sound experience is great as well. Big improvement over my original A50s and better sound stage in my opinion than my logitechs. I would recommend these 100 percent over any other headset. This is one of those purchases that yes, youll spend a good bit of money, BUT its so worth it. Buy it, try it. you wont regret it.
I have owned the Tritton AX Pro headphones for many years. I absolutely loved the discrete audio from the multiple drivers on each ear. Having the ability to tune the front, rear, center, and sub channels on the fly was great, and the inputs and options were fantastic. But they were poorly built. Plastic EVERYWHERE, and not a bit of metal. So, after many years of (mostly) careful usage, they finally got to the point of no return - or, at least to the point where no amount of electrical tape was going to hold them together. So I started my search for replacements. Which was easy!I typed in best gaming headphones, and these popped up at the top of almost every single list I found. Everyone raved about the sound quality, the voice chat quality, the battery life, and the build quality. And they were right. Aside from a bit of a confusing usage adjustment period for the first day or so, theyve been perfect.The battery lasts almost all day - and I rarely play for more than a few hours - and charges via the included base, or MicroUSB as youre wearing and using them. The sound is fantastic. They really do sound as good as all the reviews say they do. And the voice chat is subjected to noise cancellation, and other players say that it is clean, and they cant hear breathing, chewing, or other background noises!in all, I highly recommend these.
I owned the PS Gold headset and while I liked it alright, it just seemed like there was a lot missing. The headset wasnt very comfortable and if you engaged the virtual surround sound its like it completely removed all bass frequencies. It wasnt particularly tinny but it just felt and sounded so off. The A50s are completely different. Are they worth $300? Maybe... The comfort level is great and I hear its even better with the mod package they offer. The sound is quite wonderful. You can hear the bass well in stereo and surround modes and feel it just like I like to. Its not empty at all. The clarity is great while still having a full sound. I have had some issues with sound cutting out but its pretty rare. If you read the first time use/set up instructions it says to charge the headphones fully before first use. Makes sense but it was quite a pain. I guess these came from the factory with no charge so youre basically stuck waiting at least 4 hours for them to charge. The volume is good for the most part. I dont have it maxed most of the time but sometimes I do just because the sound is great. It would just be nice to have a bit more room for more intense parts. Basically, these are great but Im still not sure if theyre $300 great. If not, Id at least say theyre not too far off. I havent messed with the software but I think I will soon to see what theyre like with personal sound settings. I imagine they would only get better
I have spent a year with these things, almost daily. The hardware itself is solid, with no issues cracking or ear piece degradation. I stayed with the cloth ear set since I can sweat in the summer and I like the cloth, but you can buy a magnetic set of leather ones to drown out sound. I never saw the need for that, let alone the additional cost.I use these for the XBOneX with XBLive. The sound quality is amazing, sweet highs, great mids, deep lows and no vibrating paper sound like cheaper headphones when listening to serious bass.People I talk to online say the mic quality is much better than the Logitech 933s (since that uses a cord), but there is no way to mute other than raising the boom... and if it is not juuuuust right, you may not be muted. Just remember than when talking smack online.One downside is these Astro headphones can only be used by a single console (unless you buy another $100 base), and using them on a PC means unplugging and re-pairing to a new machine every time, which is too much of a hassle. So they stay hooked to the XB1X. These are the best headphones I have found for my console and truely wireless. Just make sure you get them in the doc station correctly for charging. You will love these things.
Set up is easy works out of the box, Light weight, feels smaller than the Gen2s great battery life. Docking station strong magnetic pull when charging.... Gloss finish on docking station only looks good for 1 hour full mate finish would have been a better choiceAstro command center is a great tool for fine tuning this headset (PC required). I was able to set it to tournament mode and slightly lower my mic volume to phase out all background noise that would normally be picked up on my gen2 A50s. The accelerometer built into the headset is a great feature and saves on battery. The headset will only turn off if you place it down and it does not move. even if you keep your heard perfectly steady its not steady enough to turn off the headset.your xbox controller does not need to be on for this headset to work. It is truly fully wireless.With that said. the headset is a line of sight headset. It will not work behind walls or around corners. (not a problem for me but may be for others) Sound cuts out every once in a while and voice chat may become robotic. (may be a bad headset will keep testing / return and test another pair) even with this problem the pros out weigh the consto re-pair headset to base station hold the Dolby button and the game volume up button on the headset until base station lights turn off. hope updates fix these problem but still amazing to cut the cord.
I got these for Christmas and I honestly love them. They are very comfortable and they dont hurt my head after a long time of using them. The software is really easy to use which is huge plus. As well as. the presets are easy to sync to the headset. Setting them up for both PC (which I use them the most for) and Xbox are also very easy and fast. Astro has set up videos on YouTube which go step by step. One draw back is that you can only have the base plugged into the Xbox one or PC at a time. If you want to switch them back and forth you need to unplug the USB and plug it into which ever device you are going to be using ( a little annoying) I feel for the money spent you should be able to have them both plugged in and able to just use the switch on the base to switch between PC and Xbox. I havent used the mic yet on the head set but I have heard that it is a really good mic. The headset feels extremely sturdy and isnt cheaply made. One minor issue I have been having is that the headset doesnt always line up correctly with the base and sometimes I have to move it around to connect correctly in order to start charging. Oh yeah, the internal battery on the headset lasts up 15 hours but I havent used them long enough to test that claim. The range on the headset is decent which makes going to the bathroom or tending to one of the kids a lot easier. The auto turn off feature on the headset is really nice also. The biggest issue I am having currently with the headset is that once in a while the sound will cut out for a second or two and then come back in. Some days it does it and others it doesnt. I have researched this issue and I have found it that the headset as interference issues with wireless routers (if you have a none wireless router then this issue shouldnt give you any problems). However, this issue doesnt bother me enough to make a big deal about it. Sometimes its not even noticeable but that reason along with the two others I stated before are why I give this headset a 4/5 stars. I honestly love this headset and dont ever see myself switching to another headset. If you can live with the issues I addressed then I HIGHLY recommend getting the astro a50s.
I love the Astro A50s. In fact, this is my 2nd pair. Audio is great, battery is also great... but a few issues. First of, the audio will sometimes go in-and-out. And i’m guessing its due the 5ghz frequency (known issue) which the company recommends to change a few setting on wireless router to prevent from happening. My problem with this is why do they function under this common frequency in the first place if it would cause issue for the customer?? There are other headsets that don’t function on that frequency and the buyer could easily prevent the problem by buying a competitors headset... so why not fix the issue in the first place instead of placing the issue on the customer? Anyways, beside that the other issue i’ve had has been with my mic not working when entering a party/online game. I leave my headset plug into my xbox one x at all times. I’ve noticed that when my headset mic is not working, the only solution i’ve found so far is to unplug my headset and plug it back in. It’s kinda of an annoying issue if it becomes ongoing. The 2nd Generation A50s wouldn’t do that. They would work regardless of how long they’ve been plugged in. Besides these two issues, they’re great, if you’re a “glass half-full” kinda person.
So I purchased these with a Two Year protection plan. I took them home, plugged them in to the computer to sync with the software, got them updated, then plugged them into my PS4 to charge because the light on the headset indicating power wasnt even turning on, even to signal its charging. So I come back after several hours and try to turn them on and they still woundt turn on. I tried plugging them into my PC again and I kept getting an error message saying "Cant sync to headset" or something like that. After an hour or so of rummaging through the TERRIBLE Astro forums about this sort of thing, I decided Ill just have to take them back.So I got another pair(That actually turned on!) and Ive been using them for a few weeks now and theyre actually really great. The sound quality is better than all the Turtle Beaches Ive been using over the years and theyre really nice headphones. My ears get a bit achy after wearing them for a few hours, but thats probably just be because I dont use headsets too often, but Im using these constantly now. The only thing that kind of bugs me is when I place them on the dock to charge, they have to be pretty exact on there and I have to place them on there like 5 times or so to get them to connect correctly.Anyways, its a solid headset, but be VERY cautious about getting these without a warranty. I read that they start having the issue like mine were down the line, but overall Id definitely rate these 5/5 if it werent for that terrible first experience.
My son accidentally sat on my PlayStation Golds so was looking for new headset. I did my usual thing when buying an accessory for something and typed in "Best headset for PS4 2017" in to google. This was pretty much the top high end headset for every site I went to. The Golds are great for 99 dollars. But these things just blow them away Im sound quality. Its more precise. I wish Best Buy had a booth so you could hear the difference in the two headsets. I play Battlefield 1 regularly and the Golds are good enough that youll hear the foot steps and little things like that. But these A50s take it to another level. When you hear the bass on that grenade that hit next to you. Or the sound of the guns firing. Youll instantly notice how much better the sound quality is. One other thing that I love about them that I didnt care much for with the Golds, when I turn on the headset my tv sound is still going. When you turn on he Golds your tv mutes. So when Id take my headset off to go get a drink or something I didnt hear if game started or someone was talking to me in chat. With the a50s I can still hear the tv and those in room with me can hear them as well. Which is huge with the PS vr. If you are playing with headset you want the people playing games with you to hear the tv.
I really enjoyed the flexibility of this headset, that is once I got one that functioned. The first pair I bought literally never turned on despite a full charge. I returned those and got a second set, where the top band kept popping out. Finally got a fully functioning set the third time around. Once I got it up and running, I was impressed by the sound, though even then I didnt think it was more impressive than the far cheaper logitech G933 pair I also bought to try out. The A50 definitely had the comfort edge though, at least initially. I found that over time, the A50s started to hurt the area behind my ears. Conversely, I was able to drastically improve the the comfort of the G933s by replacing its standard ear cushions with a pair of Brainwavz sheepskin ear cushions. As a result, the G933s are the far more comfortable set, between the two.Still, I was hesitant to give up on the A50s because of their ability to function in full surround mode on both the PS4 and PC, which the 933s cant do. The A50s definitely have the edge when using both on PS4, which isnt surprising given that they connect to the PS4 through an optical cable. In the end, I chose comfort and sound (on PC) so the A50s went back to the store. The quality issues I had finding a working pair also played a role in my decision. the G933s have worked flawlessly from day one.
I hummed and hawed for a while after reading many somewhat conflicting reviews when these were first released, as $300 is a pretty penny for headphones. I will say Im not disappointed with my purchase at all. Sound is amazing. The surround sound actually works and many other reviews have commented on the quality of the sound and theyre right. The Command Center allows for total customization and the build quality of the set is second to none. I mostly play solo, so the mic wasnt a huge go/no go point for me. However, I will say that the times Ive used the mic, Ive had to pretty much swallow the thing for the people on the other side to be able to hear me with enough volume and to not sound like Im in a bath tub. This is my first Astro set, and everything Ive read leads me to believe that Astro can, and will, provide an update at some future date to address the mic issue. The range is also so-so. I like to sit right up on the TV when gaming but when I do move away from the base station, the sound goes in and out at about 15 and then totally drops at about 25. At distance, the connection seems to "stabilize" if you stop moving around in my experience.If you have the $$ to drop on these, youd be remiss to not at least give them a try and see for yourself.
I had the Gen 2 Astro A50s and was experiencing problems with it (mainly battery life and it would be cutting off) so I took them to Best Buy (I had the Geek Squad Warrant) and was able to swap them for the gen 3. The Gen 3 has better battery life than the Gen 2 and has a new base station. I dont use the base station to charge the headphones because its a bit too difficult to get the headphones seated perfectly for the base station to start charging them. I would highly recommend purchasing the leather ear cups that help isolate sound better (but they are less comfortable). My biggest con with these headphones are that if you want to switch between the PS4 and Xbox One you need to purchase a separate base for $99 (which seems like a huge cash grab). Sure $99 is cheaper than spending another $299 to use Astro A50s with the Xbox One but I feel that for $299 the base station should support both platforms without requiring you to need another base station. While these headphones are great for gaming (dont forget to check out the Astro Command Center Utility to change settings), I would not recommend them for movies/tv shows/ or music.
And what I mean by finally, I went thru months buying many different brands and returning them. (TBs, Lucidsound, Afterglow, Tritton, and Steelseries) I could have saved myself the time and hassle if I would just have bought these when they came out. My only hold back was I didnt want to throw up $299 in a pair of headsets. When BB had them on sale I went for it, and after trying so many different brands, these Astros surpassed the others. The sound is unbelievable and after experiencing their 7.1 surround sound, I will never go back to stereo for gaming. The battery life is great. And the true wireless is bliss. No chords whatsoever. These have been comfortable from the start, where as all the other brands either hurt my head or ears. The controls on the earcups are nice and take some getting used to, but if feels natural after time. And the only thing I DO NOT LIKE is the mic is not detachable, but its no biggie really. Thats just my preference. I do recommend these, but if you do, be sure to buy a protection plan, for I know Astros have been prone to being a bit buggy. Oh and download their application to keep the firmware updated. I have no regrets purchasing these headsets.
What I Like:--It is one of the most comfortable headsets I have ever used. I have been using Turtle Beach headsets for my consoles for the past 4 or 5 years. I also have a few Razer headsets for my PC. The astros to me are a lot more comfortable than any other in my option.--I like the fact that the ear cups are easy to change and they do not make my ears sweat like other have in the past.--The wireless part of the headset is so a really good feature, when it works. But more about that in the what I dont like. They sound good and they are so simply to just sit down in my car/couch and not have to worry about wires at all.What I dont like:--When I sometimes go to use the headset the mic part just doesnt work. Which maybe is a bug in the base station? My xbox will just show an headset with an x in it and the mic just doesnt work.--They amount of plastic on such an expensive headset is a downer for sure. I wish the joints where more metal bc them seem like they will break easily if you dont be really careful. More metal would make the headset heavier which to me would be fine.
The headset is fantastic for gaming, listening to music, watching movies or tv. All of the above function great. However, the headset utilizes the 5 GHZ band, depending on how close you are to your router or how many neighbors you have with other 5 GHZ wifis going. It can cause extremely annoying interruption, sound cutting out and other issues. What solved it for me was changing my routers 5 GHZ router channels away from the 149-160 channels and down to the 40s, I used an app called Wifi Analyzer to determine who was on which channels. The headset itself uses the latter end of the 5 ghz band channels, so if you are running your 5ghz band connection. Be sure you are running on a channel that isnt shared by this headset. Oh also, this isnt a surprise and I dont care because I use a studio set up for my microphone. The microphone is complete garbage, most wireless gaming headsets have terrible microphones. Again, not even a con for me, because I have no reason to use it but when I did I was told I sounded like garbage.
ive tried a lot of the different headsets out there and i must say these were definitely in my top 2 of headsets that ive reviewed and tried for myself. my local best buy knows me and they know i read the reviews and try stuff before i commit to the purchase and seal the deal with their geek squad warranty. i personally have a big head and the ear cups and overall headset is quite comfortable to wear even for extended gaming sessions or binge watching a favorite tv show. i even find myself reaching for this headset when wanting to watch a movie....the sound is just that good. i have bad hearing and when gaming (i play a lot of fps) i can hear footsteps without even trying. id give this headset 4.5 stars if i could but you cant. the only two things i dont like about this headset are that i wish it had more sound adjustments like their mix amp has and also the separation between game sound and chat sound could be easier/simpler. id still say this headset is a solid investment if you are big on gaming and want the best sound possible.
Better than the hyperX i returned to get these. Going wireless is huge and the headset is nice, but a few tweaks would make it better. Sounds really good. Like that the chat/game sounds mixer is built into the right ear pad for quick adjustment without a mixamp plugged into controller. Well built. They should last a whileMic swings up and out of the way if needed, also functions as mute but BE SURE TO CLICK INTO MUTE before talking smack about others in party!!Cushion on top of band should be wider. Why so narrow? Gets a little annoying after 2 hoursConnection problems as mentioned by others - consistently shows "xbox cant find a mic for this person" necessitating a reset of base (disconnect usb". Wait 30 seconds, plug back in) which usually fixes it when reassigned. Overall a good headset that should improve in next generation. $300 is steep but worth it if youve got the cash. Not an ideal set for kids under 14 as they are nice and well built for wireless, but not tough enough for younger kids
I had the older model Astro A50s and they lasted me a very long time. After they started to break down as does all tech at a certain point, I began looking at the newest model. Love the new base station, very sleek looking and the digital surround sound is just as sleek. My only gripe is that there is no way to charge the headset while in use. The older model had an option for this. I have noticed that if you do not keep your PS4/Xbox on which I do not, home owner trying to cut down on the electric bill, there is no way to charge them other then leaving the system on. Which is counter intuitive to me trying to save on my bill. Other then that a great pair of gaming head phones, very comfy and airy! If you can afford the hefty price tag I recommend!
Moved to Astro after being a longtime user to Turtle Beach but becoming more and more disappointed with their quality.Coming from Turtle Because I was used to their Ultra Sonic hearing setting that let me hear footsteps amazingly. Out of the box, the Astros were disappointing with the factory sound settings. After some research and reading numerous forums I found that people referenced several sound settings and configs that were ideal for footsteps. Check out the astro forums for a user named Daredevil792 and his sound confines called Fusion EQ - He has several predefined sound config files for FPS that focus on Footsteps. Once I used his FPS Extreme setting my Astros came alive and rival the TB.
These headsets are extremely comfortable. Some previous headsets that I purchase hurt my ears after a while or just felt uncomfortable after a few hours. I wore them for six hours straight while gaming/streaming videos/music and that only wasted %50 or the battery. Pros-You can connect to your P.C. or xbox.-Very easy to connect to your p.c.-No wires needed to chat on xbox live-excellent surround sound-long battery life-customizable-charging station!cons-I start to loose connection when I enter any room in my house (Im guessing the signal gets really weak once it has to pass through a wall)-sometimes audio gets disconnected randomly for a second or two.-I had them charged and I disconnected it for couple of days, then I went back to them and it had no charge and I had to recharge it.The cons are enough to take off one star. The issues I had are issues that dont happen frequently. The sound is excellent and my friends hear me crystal clear. Love them!
1. I like the packaging! very nice box!2. very lightweight!3. these are very comfortable on the ears4. dont like that I have to buy a "mod" kit for $$300 headphones thats just shady the stock ear covers are great though... 5. magnetic base is good6. no problems with setup 7. the optical cable and USB cable are way too short 8. originally bought the turtle beach 800 elite. but returned it bc it was rather inconvenience to wear when reclining and gaming... these a50 do not give me that problem 9. sound is a good for the simulated 7.1 setup.. I could pick out footsteps from different ears bass is good.. 10... buy the protection plan... all Ive read astro service can be not what you want it to be., Id rather just deal with best buy return dept...11. Happy with my purchase
This headset is amazing. Ive never owed a pair of gaming headphones prior to this ( I do own a bunch of headphones for music and whatnot). Sound quality is amazing, the 7.1 surround sound really immerses you into the game. The bass is loud but never overpowering the brighter sounds. The plus is that you can also tweak the sounds to your liking, and have up to 3 presents at a time. I like to use 2 for games, and one for movies. The mic is clear. And picks up well. However this is where one of the issues with the headset appears. If you keep the foam ear pads, sound tends to leak alot, and the mic will pick it up sometimes. ( You may want to consider the sound isolation pads.)The other issue is that sometimes the headset loses connection with the base. Happens usually when a device like a phone is really close (maybe a foot from) the headset.Overall the faults are minor. And the good outweighs the bad.
I bought these so I could use them both on my PC and PS4. WARNING: if you have a PS4 slim or any version that does not have an audio cable, I can’t remember the name of the cord, you’ll need to buy an adapter so you can use these with that version of the PS4. Do your research before buying these for your PS4. For PC, easy set up. Great sound, even though sometimes it gets a little glitchy(?). Hasn’t happened in the last two months but you’ll have to fidget around with your ASTRO command center and your frequencies due to the wireless interference with 5G internet. (Summarized, please research before buying)Overall, great sound, feels comfortable wearing them for long periods of time, holds a charge for most of the day, Dolby surround is a great touch. The only con would be a price, I am 100% sure there are better products for less. You are paying mostly for the astro name and the looks.
I was in the market for a new headset a little over a year ago and after some research decided on the A50 and I couldn’t be happier with my purchase. The price is a bit on the higher end but as someone who enjoys the quality time playing PS4 that I do I was ok spending the money. The headset is one of the most comfortable I’ve had and the quality is pretty great both on my end and in game chat it’s a little tweaking. The battery life is incredible for those long gaming sessions. My only gripe is when you place the headset into the charging dock it takes a little maneuvering to get it just right to charge. This is the only improvement I’d ask for. If you’re on the fence about getting it take the plunge!
For what it costs...I expect 100% functionality out the box. Unfortunately, that wasnt the case. But 2 firmware updates later...it is working better. Just expect to turn off your 5GHz band on your router if you dont want to run into interference problems.Trying to charge this thing on the Charging Base is a hassle. After you wear the headset awhile, it gets stretched and that creates slack...which even with the magnetic connection between the base and headset will give you problems trying to align the contact points. (Tip: Squeeze the headset earcups together, maybe even overcross them so that the Headset band goes back to its original width).Other than those cons...this headset offers Great Comfort, Great Battery Life, Great Sound...(My first Surround Sound Headset)I would only recommend to a friend if said friend is tech savvy, otherwise, its a headache.
This headset is by far the best headset I’ve ever owned and I’ve tried all of the best brands and I won’t be trying anymore brands ever again now bc Astro is definitely the best in my opinion and I would definitely buy again! Sound quality is amaIng and crisp, u can hear everything in this headset going on around u in the game the only reason I can’t give it 5 stars is because of the charging dock, the charging dock is very frustrating to say the least bc it never wants to connect to charge the headset up until u fight with it and move the headset around a ton until u get it just right where the charge starts! But other than that this is a great buy!
So, I was looking for a successor for my TurtleBeach XP400 headset and I was stuck between this headset and the TurtleBeach Elite 800. I decided to get this and I really like it but slightly kind of regret it.. I mean its good but having to use my laptop to alter the equalizer kind of sucks when the TurtleBeach uses a phone app. The build is way better than the TB, the sound is amazing, and its very comfortable. It charges pretty slowly and sometimes has to be adjusted on its base to be seated properly to charge when its not dropped on there perfectly. Its not worth $300.. Id get the TB Stealth 700 if I had to pick again. I still think Its a good headset so If you have $300 to blow then go ahead.
+ Great sound+ Surround sound+ Wireless, though can cut out+ Includes a dock, though could be less finicky with charging+ Comfortable+ Very customizable with software- Lacks universal setup despite having a dock. I can not have these hooked up to a PC and Xbox at the same time, and for $300 that is ridiculous. - Mic is by no means bad but considering these are $300 I am unimpressed. -Likes to not recognize my mic on Xbox almost every time I fire the console up, leading me to power cycle the headset and dock.-The software should not require me to move the dock and power it at my PC, a phone app or Xbox app would be far more convenient.
I love this headset. The sound is great, the mic is good, and they are the most comfortable I have ever owned, even with glasses on. If you are using Atmos via home theatre, you need to disconnect the base station to allow for the use of HDMI audio. For $100 more, you can get a base station so you can use this on PS4 too. It works for PS4 just as well as Xbox. I find myself using these instead of the home theatre because I can turn them up nice and loud after the kids go to sleep and not compromise the audio experience. After buying the headset and base station, youre out $400 + tax. Worth it? Maybe.
Only a few minor complaints one of which is the software idea to this headset is it should have presets for hearing foot steps like turtle beaches but its def flawed I havent found a thing with proper settings to be able to hear footsteps in modern warefare yet even in forums they should offer presets on the website to download for specific games to help in this "food for thought" mic is lacking as well for a 300.00 headset I would expect an exceptional mic option they should pair up with blue microphone for the next headset and create a more accurate mic it took me a month of adjusting the mic to get it to be from not to loud to normal or to soft that people couldnt hear me or I was defining them. Otherwise its a good headset bass is great and highs and lows are good as well
I have had this headset for about 6 weeks. I originally had the A40trs with the mix amp pro. These are just as good but no wires which I love. You can use the PC software to create 3 different sound setups that you can switch between on the headset at any time. My only big complaint is having to wiggle the headseat a few times to get it to recognize its on the base and charging. No biggie. One thing thay I hope helps others is that if you notice your headset is running out of power to soon, it might be necessary to hard boot the headset which is what Astro recommends. You do this buy holding down the Dolby button and the game voice buttons on the headset for 15 seconds. Fixed the problem.
After returning my Turtle Beach 800 x Surround sound headset after it was giving me mic issues I made the return to the Astros and let me just say the best decision I have ever made. This pair are very comfortable to wear, they are easy to setup, if you have a computer I would highly recommend messing around with the sound mixer but not mandatory. The sound, presets, and feel of this headset are the best in the market. The only downside to this headset is the mic is not all that great when your friends hear you which isnt terrible but its a wireless headset its not supposed to sound that great. The charging magnet dock isnt easy to snap on the first few weeks you try it but you get used to it after getting the hang of it for awhile. Overall this headset is worth it!
sound is great, freq response is good across the board so i left the EQ on flat, mic quality is good, flip up to mute, fuctions 100% fine with no software installed. ear pressure is good maybe a little light, head band is very good can barely tell there on my head, battery life is great. played all night, then passed out watching a movie, then woke up to the headset still going. only neg i can see is the "hinges" look like they might be a weak point, no foamy for the mic at this price is pretty disapointing.overall great headset
Things I like: long battery life, battery life display on docking station, decent sound (little muffled.. in my opinion), easy Game/chat mixer on right ear piece. Draw backs: The docking station isn’t magnetic and can be annoying to get it to start changing. The volume wheel is hard to find sometimes, wich can be annoying when trying to make adjustments. Not really a fan of the microphone arm. I also have the turtlebeach 800x elite (They’re awesome, easy 5 star). So basically, the only reason I like the A50’s would be the amazing 15hour battery life. If you’re not to picky on battery life, go with the turtlebeach 800x elite.
This is solid gaming head set. The build of the headset is solid rubber/plastic feels like it could take quite a few in packs before breaking if your not carful with headsets. This defiantly feels like a pro headset. Charging station is a little disupointing though. A little hard to line up the headset so if you just place them really quick you might miss the Metal prongs and not charge the headset. A wall cord would fix this. I have had turtle beach for years and after my TB800s broke out of manufacture warranty are used best buys warrranty to replace them with the A50. Mic works great but does not work in Destiny 1&2 you would need to start a party to fix this problem. Works is all other games.
I bought this headset because my Turtle Beach 800x broke because the plastic on them gets flimsy after so long. I am done with Turtle Beach so I decided to give these a try. The first thing I noticed was the area where the ear cups is NOT made of plastic so it shouldnt break by me just putting them on like my Turtle Beaches did. As far as sound, these are great for what I am playing at the moment(Destiny 2, Fifa 19 and RDR2). I do wish these had more EQ settings but I am not that worried about it. My only gripe is the price tag. Other than that, a very solid headset!
I loved everything to do with this headset. Never had problems with it dropping connection. The only reason why I cant give it a 5* is because after 35 days it broke. It would be fully charged but not turn on, went to best buy to swap for another pair.. but it was out of its 30 day return policy, I used the extended warranty that is appearently only good for one return (garbage deal). I ended up going with the wired Astro TR A40s to avoid ever having that issue again.
I was looking for a true wireless headset for xbox one and these did the trick. It is really cool to be able to go get a drink and not drag your controller with you or leave your headphones. My only issue with the headphone are the audio controls are built into the headphone and are not easy to manipulate. It has high functionality for programming when plugged into pc. I really dont like that the only way to activate mute is to flip mic. Another feature lacking is that you cannot hear your voice through the headphones. Overall, I would recommend unless you find another pair that are truly wireless. The headphones are pricey, but I have been happy so far.
This is my first astro product. Sound is good and build quality is good. Will need to change the mic settings as the default sounded bad. Once in a while you will to restart ur headset as it will glitched out and ur mic becomes static to ur friends. Its really weird. Charging dock is nice but have to make sure its connected correctly or it will just drain ur batt. So dont just throw them on the cahrger and expect it made good connection, wait and check the led status first. Overall i think this headset could be better. For the priced i paid it was a little disappointing. But sound quality is good and looks cool. Lol hope they fix the bugs soon...
I have A40’s and I got these as a gift. I liked these headphones. The sound was almost as good as the A40s but really good for wireless. I liked having all the controls on the earpieces and features on the headset. One day I set these on the dock and went to grab then a little bit later and the battery was completely depleted. I read this is a known issue but Astro hasn’t really fixed this. I returned this bc I was afraid the battery had gotten damaged.
Just returned the Tutle Beach 800 headphones for PS4 for these and they sound great. They pickup sound that the Turtle Beach headphones didn’t when gaming. They level game sound and chat sound very well. No issues at all with them. With that being said I dropped a star as the are made of cheap plastic. I have concerns with the mic breaking from moving it up and down, up to mute and down to chat. I feel like for what one pays for these the materials should be of better quality. They are exclusively for gaming and movies and don’t have Bluetooth that allows one to listen to music or take calls on your cell phone.
So my Sony Gold headset finally died on me and I decided to splurge based on the reviews and recommendations I have read about the a50. The build quality is great; it feels substantial and has a good heft to it. It is slightly heavy but sits comfortably on the head for hours. The battery life is awesome and the charging station quickly can be swapped to PC and back to PS4 with minimal effort if your setups are apart. The only negative I have is the mic: it feels flimsy and almost like an afterthought with poor quality. I have changed the settings somewhat so perhaps there is salvation in there. Overall though great bang for your buck.
Walked in and purchased these after being disappointed with the Turtle Beach 800x headset. I had had Astros before, and the sound just wasnt as good. Setup was easy. Just an Optical and USB to your Xbox, Place the headset in the base and it PAIRS automatically. Easy! The Sound is very nice. If you like the Crack of Gunfire, and the Boom of explosions, this headset is for you. The 7.1 Surround works as advertised. The only problem that kept these from 5 stars is.....The Mic. I am told that I sound like I am Calling in to a Radio Station. Very poor Mic Quality. Even though, I still say these are the best sounding "GAMING" headset on the market.
I purchased this Headset so Im not disturbing the wife while she sleeps without any cords, I hooked up to my Xbox one, Turn on the Headset adjusted the Volume, Downloaded the TV apps, Even the Cable TV App and I can mute the TV Turn the Xbox One on and watch TV or play games, The only issue is that the batteries are non-event and when they dont hold a charge anymore then they are Useless, Its got Good Sound for TV and Gaming, It takes me about 3-4 hours for a Full Charge.
I suffer from a high-end hearing loss so where most standard gaming headphones would sound great to most people, I end up missing a lot of nuances others are taking for granted. I had taken a step back from gaming on my Xbox for a period of time and when I stepped back into it with an Xbox One X, an older set of headphones I had been using would give me a lot of odd errors. They would cut in and out and I was no longer able to speak to my friends on Xbox Live. So it was time to invest in a new set. I finally decided on the ASTRO A50 Wireless Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound Gaming Headset. These headphones are quite an investment so for me to want to spend that much on a brand I had yet to try, I knew they needed to not only live up to the hype the company was pushing but also needed to be able to deliver that edge I was looking for. Again with having some major hearing loss, these headphones needed to fill a void that for the most part was nearly impossible to fill.As I said above, I was giving the A50’s a nearly impossible task. Maybe I felt that way because of the brand loyalty I had with other brands. Maybe I wanted these to fail so I wouldn’t be spending too much on a set of gaming headphones. Maybe I didn’t want to feel like I have been missing out all these years by using other headphones. I also wasn’t sure about how well I would be able to hear with them given my hearing loss. Even with these apprehensions in place, I connected them to my Xbox One X to start my first gaming experience with the ASTRO A50 Wireless Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound Gaming Headset. The first game I played with the A50s was Call of Duty: Black Ops 4. I was just blown away. That buyers’ remorse I felt before was instantly gone. That brand loyalty I was talking about, yep, it was gone as well. So as you can probably tell by my excitement, the sound quality was wonderful and for someone who has normal hearing, these are probably such a game changer that it’s almost like cheating when playing against others. For me, I am hearing other players footsteps and gunfire from the direction it’s coming from. This is something I got from my original older headset but even those cannot compare to what I have now with the A50s. The ASTRO A50’s are insanely good.So how about comfort? When I play I play for hours at a time, I’m not getting any headaches or sore ears. The ear cushions are super soft to the touch and they connect by magnets to the headset so they can be replaced super easily if they were out or got damaged. Astro actually offers noise canceling ear cushions that can be ordered if you want to beef the headset up more (part of the mod kit). Something I did not have with my TB headset was an option to mute my mic by simply lifting the boom arm up. I would fumble around pressing buttons that never really gave me a solid answer if I was muted and it just drives me a bit batty. So, having this simple operation to handle that function is miraculous. The A50’s have few buttons and switches but when you use them you know what you are pressing and what they do. I can adjust them without ever needing to take the headphones off to see what I am touching. You could say I am super impressed with the A50’s.As much as I love the A50s, there is one thing I am not impressed with — the charging connectors. I love that you can charge the A50s wirelessly but the method is a little old-fashioned, in my opinion. The wireless charging option is to place the headphones into the base to charge by what looks like early 2000’s prong and teeth connections. I had issues almost every other time I place my headset on the dock to charge. I am finding myself adjusting them on the base trying to get them to line up perfectly. I’ve also had to turn the headphones on and off to get them to link up properly to charge even when they are lined up correctly. I would have preferred a more universal wireless charging option like what you get with QI charging for cell phones. I would have gladly paid more to have a more user-friendly experience or at last, an experience like I have when I set my iPhone down on a wireless charger. Instead, this clunky charging prong thing is past its prime. Now, you do have the option to charge the headphones using a Micro USB cable, which, again, is old-fashioned in my opinion. I would much rather have seen Astro use USB-C as the charging option.In addition to the charging issue, the dock is also very lightweight and it moves around a bit. So instead of sitting on my entertainment center without moving around, I am always readjusting it to keep it lined up with the Xbox. This is not a defect in the product as I am sure their goal was to make it lightweight but it’s more of a defect of mine as I am OCD and I need the dock lined up.These have been the best gaming headset I think I have ever owned. I don’t think I have ever been this happy with any other headphones…ever. I have some wonderful ANC headphones I love for music but even as great as they are, I have never been as happy to use them as I am the A50s. The A50s have honestly been a game changer for me. Being able to hear things others don’t have allowed me to up my KD in games that I would have gotten killed from behind due to lack of hearing. Are these worth buying? Absolutely. ASTRO has made incredible gaming headphones that are built well, feel great, and most importantly sound amazing!
Ive been a long time Turtle Beach fan, buying all of their top end headsets. After the release of the Elite Ear Force 800X, I felt it was time to look elsewhere. Up to this point, I usually buy a new headset every year. The best headset Ive ever owned Turtle Beach Stealth 500X. It was comfortable, adjustable volume on game and chat volume (2 separate adjustable sources) clear mic, multiple tone and surround sound adjustments. Gave me a huge edge on FPS games and great sound quality watching movies. Then I bought the Astro A50s on a recommendation from a friend who bought the A40s. Was at the $300 price point but Ive been a firm believer in "you get what you pay for". Been using it for CoD WW2 and its great, not as great as the 500X sound wise but close and the comfort level is a HUGE plus. Instead of the mute button, you flip the mic vertically and theres a notch that holds it in place so you can feel the mic has been muted. Other players have said the mic is clear but picks up a lot of background noises, more than the TB 500X. There are 3 equalizer settings on the A50s, it works but differentiating the highs and lows is no where near the 500Xs capabilities, which means foot steps are less apparent when highs are turned all the way up. BUT you can adjust these equalizers with software! I havent dabbled with this yet as Im doing this review from a "straight out of the box" perspective. For movies and other games however, the A50s deliver a sharper sound but this could be due to a headset being 4 years older and over 2.4Ghz. Going back to the comfort level, the A50s are by far the most comfortable fitting headsets Ive ever owned. Ive played with this pair for 8 hours straight and didnt feel like being pinched unlike previous headsets. The ear cushions feel great and dont cause the areas to get warm or sweat, theres a cushion on top of the headband which helps alleviate the weight of the headset on your dome for prolong periods of time, and the adjustable posts (height) are nice BUT seem like theyd wear out if you constantly adjust your headset (like when charging on the receiver). Charging the headset on the receiver is inconsistent due to connectivity issues (explained later) but only takes about 90 minutes to fully charge from completely dead using a micro USB cable to headset. Battery life on loud, mic active, and Dolby enabled is about 9 hours in my experience. So now the issues with the A50s. The receiver/charging station is large and the connections points to charge the headset are small pins, two one the left ear and 1 on the right ear. Going back to the adjustable posts for height adjustment, you have to constantly fidget with the headset to get the 3 pins to align for charging. Heres the best part, use the micro USB connection on the headset to charge. About half the time and less of a hassle. There is a battery indicator on the base station along with a Dolby icon and as "power" icon to let you know what the 3 statuses are. Unlike the TB series, if the mic breaks off, youre out of luck, non-replaceable unlike Turtle Beach. The range on the headset is lacking. Straight line of sight is about 30 feet before static and connectivity issues kick in. Indirect line of sight Id guess-timate to be about 15 ft, depending on number of obstructions, mine being 1 wall. PROS: Comfort, sound, adjustable EQs, charge time, adjustability, interchangeable components (after-market) and COMFORT! Cons: Base receiver charging and inaccurate battery charge indicator, range of connectivity, mic arm.For a headset that changed my mind and helped me switch from a long line of Turtle Beach products, Astro did an amazing job with this beauty. The Cons were small but cons none-the less with me but the PROs far outweighed the cons. If you have the money to get one of these, Id say go for it! Enjoying games and movies with this set is an experience I hope you can have on any level. Enjoy!
This is the second set of astro a50s ive purchased from best buy, and i couldnt be happier. The first time i purchased these i went into best buy looking for a replacement for my logitech g930 headset because the battery was draining ridiculously fast (i may have used some rapid chargers so iknew this was probably my fault). That particular headset did not get as loud as i wanted, so i wanted something with larger drivers, pretty much the only thing there was the astro a -50s. I saw the price tag and was stunned, but the specs were what i wanted. i ended up standing in best buy for over an hour debating on weather or not to purchase them, then I decided to try them out. I was absolutely blown away when i got home. It was like putting on an angelic halo of sound with the clouds opening up and sunshine everywhere in sight, haha. Its unlike any other headset, it truly seems as if the sound originates around you, not in the headset itself (when used with a realtek HD audio(Optical) setting).The bass, mids, highs, everything crystal clear. I am a veteran with hearing damage, so i listen to media at pretty high levels, and just likeany other speakeaker these did wear down after about two years, but for as much as i used that headset it was worth every penny. Which brings me to this current generation of headset, as the gen 2 originally broke, actually in three seperate ways, all occuring around the same time. Before i delve into that, though, ill list some pros and cons about this specific headset itself.Pros-Best sound quality ive ever experienced in a headset-Excellent battery life-Extremely comfortable, i forget im wearing it-Flip up mic (for muting)People say the mic quality sounds excellent (although a little low, but i change recording and audio devices frequently, so this is something i believe i need to change on my end)-Its a slick looking headset, even on the charger-They get LOUD!Cons-The charger can be difficult sometimes, if you adjust the earpiece sliders it doesnt fit into the docking station correctly.-Although im not sure if its software or hardware related, but theres been a few times where windows fails to detect the headset, but its usually after switching between audio devices back and fourth( i switch between headset and speakers all the time). i restart windows and it usually picks the device back up, occasionally ive had to unplug and reinsert the usb. Rarely has this happened but it does. -I like to keep my desk pretty clean, bust dust is definitely attracted to the basestation. Its really just a peeve, not a deal breaker. Before i get into the differences between the gen 2 and 3 headsets, id like to conclude this section for those looking for just a review of this specific headset. I wouldnt consider myself an audiophile, and i cant tell you every specific piece of the speaker or exactly how every specification affects audio quality, but i can tell you after purchasing multiple headsets over 150$ from logitech, razer, audio technica, and even beats studio, ive never heard anything more immersive. If youre considering this headset i know youre concerned with the price. Its steep. But in my competitive (and leisure) gaming experience, nothing has satisfied me more with a purchase. ive upgraded graphics cards before and wasnt as excited as when i picked up my astros. Absolutely worth every penny
I wanted a new headset for my PS4 and for my pc. As someone who has a higher end stereo system and V-Moda M-100 headphones I have high standards for sound. I did not want to go the mod mic route because I prefer a way to control chat volume and game sound indepently.  Build quality and overall comfort; Astro has always been known for making really high quality headsets and these are no exception. The plastic doesnt creek and should be able to withstand daily use and abuse. One of my complaints with headsets (all headphones for that matter) is how some headband adjusters are loose and easy to adjust, the A-50s adjusters are firm I doubt these will move by themselves. One con is if you have a big head these might not work for you because on my medium sized head I had to max them out. Comfort is exceptional I can wear these hours on end and I forget they are there.  Connectivity; Undoubtedly the most important part of a wireless headset is the connection itself. Astro uses the 5 GHz band for transmission at first this scared me because my router is on the same frequency also. The connection is as solid as you can get after around three hours of gaming I received one very minor cut out that lasted maybe 300 ms. Very impressive indeed! Connecting is fairly straight forward you plug the optical cord into your tv/ps4 etc and the base has a passthrough so you can still use your receiver.  Sound quality; These are NOT a basshead headset! These are an audiophiles headset the frequency response, using the media preset, is flat and precise. Bass, Treble and mids are even and clear they dont overpower each other. Honestly I love these just as much as my home stereo and V-Modas thats saying a lot.  Microphone and mix amp; Theres been some reviews saying that the mic quality is sub par, I agree with this while its not bad I expect more from a $300 headset. The mixamp is Astros claim to fame this is the reason why you want this headset. The mixamp is basically a pro tr built into the headset you have three presets built in (that you can fine tune in the Astro hub) along with the usual volume, and game/chat mixer. The mixer itself is perfect my only complaint is the "surround sound" makes the sound tinny and adds reverb. Its not horrible but its lacking.  Final thoughts; Battery life showed four bars after fours of gaming. Charging took around six hours from %0 to %100 not the greatest but on the plus side the battery should last several years before it degrades. Overall this a fantastic headset and would recommend it %100.
Im a huge gamer, been playing since the early 80s. So when I play, I want the best. I owned Astros original A50s and they are great. But leave it to Microsoft to have a Bluetooth controller that needs a chat cord and annoy many. So Astro got the licensing and made the ONLY true wireless headset for the Xbox One system.Very comfy and they have to be. I play 4-10 hours a day.cups fit around my ears and pads are light against the head. Base station makes everything nice and easy. I can attest the headset will get at least 15 hours off a full charge and keep going if you plug a charge cord into them.Had a minor issue on my side and their support helped me figure it out.Sound is ... pretty good. But I havent made many settings changes yet. No audiophile is gonna gush over these. Big explosions, crisp highs, but they wont replace my Bose for music. That said, they handle lots of game sounds and party chat at the same time with no issues.Ive had them two weeks now and honestly havent messed much with the sound settings. Astro has a program to dial them in.They full charge in about two hours.Super easy to use and set up. All controls are on the right hand side and easy to use without taking off your head.They recently announced they will sell the base station separately this summer for around a hundred bucks so if you have a PS4, you can use the headset with both systems. Pricey in the end? Yes. Worth it, to me they are
Before, I had the previous Astro A50 headset. (The gen 2 I believe.) The problems I had with that headset seemed to have disappeared.The top headband hasn’t fallen off once.The earbuds, to my surprise, are magnetic! It’s awesome to pull them off to clean them a little. The color scheme, (Blue for PS4,) is aesthetically pleasing.The charging station is great. The on and off switch is actually a switch! (A slider)(Towards the end of the gen 2, I had to keep the headset charging, 24/7, because it wouldn’t turn off!?!? No idea why...)The overall signal strength walking around seems different though. (A bit more interference from a story down)Not sure what else to say besides they are extremely well made.If someone sees this, and thinks they know of a better headset for PS4/Xbox one gaming, they should comment what headset, (so I can look at them,) and also compare them with these first before buying.Overall, they may be pricy, but the gen 3 Astro A50 seems like they were built a lot better and will last.Only problem I had was the headset wouldn’t light back up after charging on the base, but this was resolved by holding down the Dolby surround sound button and the game sound button (the huge button on the right earphone,) to reset the headset.
I still own the Gen 1 A50s and they were still doing the best they could for the age and millions of hours of gameplay. But decided to upgrade to the current Gen 3 wireless version. Im very impressed...  Sound Quality 95 out of 100---Amazing... second to none....Only issue, not quite noise canceling unless you buy the mod pack... Headset already costs $300. Pretty sure that should be standard EQ.  Build Quality 95 out of 100---Still a few plastic pieces that could be executed better bet overall pretty killer. Heavy metals, strong construction, overall very solid.  Base Station 95 out of 100. Well done & solid. But charging can be tricky getting the headset perfectly aligned.  Software 90 out of 100. Still needs some pairing upgrades but thats expected with a first year of the wireless A50s. Im sure Astro will work it out. But overall, worth the money if you are looking to hear everything around you at the best possible quality. Footsteps anyone??? Donkeys....
This is a great step up from the a40 with mixamp! My only complaint would have to be that it doesnt automatically assign the headset to a controller which means you have to go up to the TV and unplug/plug the base in so it assigns it and allows you to chat with friends. A40 TR had similar issue but was more convenient because the mixamp just had to be turned on and off. All in all great headset to game with!
I use this headset with my laptop and Ps4 when I travel. Great sound quality and iys comfortable.
Just the battery live is around 7 hours not more than 8 in good games play
Super comfortable. Great sound. Only problem I’ve had is it’s a little hard to get it just right on the charging base.
Works wonderfully, charging dock needs works due to charging inefficiently. But for overall sound whoring on FPS, works great!
Amazing sound!! Charging station isn’t all that great. The headphones have to be placed perfectly or they won’t charge.
Love the head set works good all the time will definitely recommend
I’m a big fan of Astro A50 Headsets. If game/chat sound quality matters to you than this investment will be worth it.
I was not sure if this was the one I wanted but the price was good and I was very pleased that I bought it. it is great!
This headset is nice but you have to make dang sure its on the charger right
Sound is great but I feel like it’s over priced. I would recommend it but not for that price unless it’s on sale.
Good headphones, but a little pricey. I would recommend these headphones if you don’t mind spending a little extra.
Amazing clarity. Easy to setup and use. The Beat headset I’ve bought for gaming so far.
Chat volume is over powering at times. Its difficult to get the proper balance between chat and game volume.
Comfort is the number 1 thing i look for while gaming hours on end. These do not hurt my ears after a long while.
Clear wireless communications for Xbox online gaming. Last a long time on a charge
While these headphones are great for gaming, Im not sure theyre worth the price.
The sound is great, but the mic has cut out and sometimes not worked at all.
Works great PC and PS4. Ear pads wont flake off because they are cloth but at the same time let in some external sound.
This headset does exactly as advertised. Only reason I didnt give 5 stars is they are a little on pricey side.
Expensive, but very comfortable and great sounding headset.
i purchased these for a birthday gift. my nephew wanted a head set for his xbox. my son picked these out
Finally no more wires and people can’t sneak up on you on Call of Duty. Definitely add to your gaming arsenal
Coming from the previous generation headset the wireless charging and battery life seem to be the biggest improvements
They are the top of the line and it dont get much better but last gen was more comfortable than these not by much
A little pricey for what it is but overall a good headset. Docking isnt as smooth as it should be.
It was very easy to set up. The microphone worked very well. I just wish the volume would have been a little louder.
I cant hear a thing once I have these on. I have no outside noise to bother me. It is great! My Mom hates it!
Little on the pricy side but seem well made. We will see if the kids destroy these like all the other ones
For the price i dont think they are worth it. Just get yourself some cheaper ones
Good headphones you can hear everything I like how you raise the Mike to mute The price is a little high
One of the best headsets I’ve purchased I would recommend anyone that love to game to get this headset.
Really good headset super comfy just wish they were easier to charge on the base
These do sound really good, wish there are more colors
They took me a bit to get use to, in regards to the settings. As far as comfort, theyre amazing!
These headphones are a great quality. I have used other headphones but these definitely lasted the longest.
Good connectivity and quality just $$$$ ouch. Would still recommend
Best headset on market, only problem is voice and game chat on headset doesn’t work properly
The store employee recommended these so I decided to try them and they are pretty good
Microphone works well. Headset is noice cancelling.
Headphones are comfortable and sound good. If you turn them up. You might have to buy yourself some new ears.
They are the most comfortable headphones I have ever owned. I have friends tell me my mic quality is bad.
Costs a little less than the Arctic pro wireless but near the same quality
Sound quality is great, fit great but I feel that the materials and colors are not a match for the price.
Wish I can review this item. But I had to return it. Ill get it back.
Great price for the sound and quality of headset. Recommend to any newbies or families with children .
Sounds good. But constant problems with blue tooth disconnecting. And the batteries die within 4 hours.
After having bought many headsets before that wound up breaking. This set is solid and sounds great!
Perfect head set for any gamer. My 12 year old loves his head set and would recommend this to anyone.
So far so good we have tried many others and they did not hold up due to plastic parts
Very nice headset. Sound quality is great. Maybe a bit over priced.
Very good quality and long lasting battery! Would recommend
It works well and charges pretty good if anything comes up I’ll take it in
This set never goes on sale and caught a great deal at Best Buy! Will be a XMAS Gift for so
These were a gift for my son. He said they are better than any other headset he has ever used!
Ears hurt after a while, not made for long sessions of gaming, great sound and customize presets
The headset is pretty amazing! Besides the fact that you cant directly connect them to your phone
Great sound! Charging dock is hit or miss. Battery seems to drain regardless; on or off.
Really good quality headset thats completely wireless. Connects wirelessly to the Xbox it self
Get ur ears really hot and dies quickly other than than great
Little difficult to dial in but once it is then the sound is awesome. Should be for the cost
Wonderfull product for the price! Would deffinatly recomend.
Love these headphones perfect for gaming and I definitely like that there wireless
I would recommend this headset to anyone that wants the best sound in a wireless headset.
Had to buy an adapter. New PS4 doesnt have opt cable. Very nice headset. Love Astro.
works well i hope battery last longer that what it said on descriptions.
Works great wish they had hdmi arc pass through...
It all works really well I love the headset for all the different features
When I speak, the listener sounds weird. I have to reset it. Now it is good.
These are headphones. And they work. Except when they dont want to pair with my xbox.
Like the headphones but they drop the sound now and then good sound definitely a good buy
I chose these after a different brand failed on me twice. So far these have been great.
Head set is nice however it is a little to pricey.
Great sound and easy to connect. Once and a while it cuts out but not a deal breaker.
My son has owned several pair but likes these the most. Friends can hear him clearly.
Not easy to set - but once setup - great quality - can hear all gaming sounds
I upgraded my gaming headset to astro I will never go back to turtle breach
Get a little bit of wireless interference. But overall great headset.
So far so good. No problems with set up or sound. Battery lasts a long time.
Great 7.1 Dolby Gaming Headset. My only complaint is Price. No other complaints
Great for gaming. Dinged one star for the occasional dropout.
Great product love it immensely would definitely recommend this to the public
Very good sound and mic...battery does not last as long as it says
Sound is good. Makes gaming FUN. Being wireless is awesome. Good looking headset.
Great sound, comfortable. Would give 5 stars if it had BT connectivity.
Does drop sound and audio when you have your phone using location services.
Best audio in a gaming headset I have ever tested#
I am happy with these headphones. They are comfortable and have great sound.
All great except fro the range is like four feet. comfy and lightweight
Ive had four other pairs before and they all let me down luv these the best
Bought this for myself wasn’t to sure how good it would be but 10/10
This headset is great for gaming! I love it! Battery lasts a very long time!
One very nice high quality headset with superb sound and completely wireless!
I liked the item it is of good quality. I recommend this headset for gaming.
Good head phone but they do not light up the others ones lit up
I ordered the racing seat and steering wheel and no place to plug it in.
Sounds great and have had very few connection problems. Really expensive.
So far good but Ive only had this item for just over a week
Great product love it immensely would definite my recommend this
My old headset broke and I had to replace. This one is great.
Im really happy with the quality and the fit. They are worth it.
Really enjoyable headphones. Work well with PC as well as PS4.
Great headset for gaming easy setup and alot of different setups
Good product. Headset is much cleat and I would recommend product.
So far I like the head set. Quality sound. Many options available.
My son loves that they are cordless and easily recharges?
No complaints other than connection issues when starting sometimes.
My son really loves these headphones when he played his xbox one.
i Like it. it works so far. will re-review after a month.
It works as advertised. Good microphone performance.
Very nice good sound quality better effect and compability
Costs a lot but wireless is better. Its a lot easier to play!
The headset is makes you enjoy the sounds and the music
comfortable with good sound quality a little pricey though
The person how received Them told me that they are enjoying.
We love it for gaming and music. This one has no static issues.
these are kind of expensive but they have great sound.
Nice cross platform head set. Good mic. Volume good
Good reception. Would like longer battery life. Its good
They are great and I would recommend them for gaming.
The headset has very clear sound, I love this headset
I really like the quality of the sound with this headset
Perfect and efficient headset. Exactly what was wanted.
Got this as a gift for my son,. Exactly what he wanted.
Bought for my grandson for Christmas. He loves it.
Awesome item at the price. I highly recommend it!!
Great sound quality, mic can be better. Love the ease of use
I really like this headset works perfectly fine!!!
Hard to say anything bad about this headset honestly. Amazing sound, very easy setup plugged it in and flipped the switch to console and my Xbox recognized it right away. Looks and feels great, very comfortable, and they have a nice weight to them.The only bad thing I can say, they take a long time to charge out of the box, and they are a bit on the pricey side. Once I got everything all setup and started charging is took a good 5-6 hours to fully charge, but I cant complain much seeing as how my first use with them ran for about a good solid 11-12 hours and they had just moved to the last 1/4 of the charging blocks visible on the base. These things will definitely last the 15 hours they say they will.And Im not just some fanboy or anything like that. I honestly had never even heard of Astro prior to seeing these on the shelves a couple weeks ago. I spent a good two hours the other night just reading on their forums about how this headset was having major issues with the XBL party chat features and how people were stating that it made them sound tin-canny, or kind of roboty when they first launched the product. It took me reading a ton of reviews and about 10 pages of the forums until one of the people that work for Astro finally acknowledged the problem and said they were looking into it. About a page later he said they had released a firmware update that fixed the issues. Needless to say the only thing that was keeping me on the fence was the mic issue.I can tell you right now, after an entire night of gaming I didnt have a single complaint. Not one time did it drop audio or did I have anyone ask what was wrong with my mic. The sound out of these things is incredible. So all in all, this is the best headset I have ever purchased. And it is completely wireless, not even a cable that goes to the controller or anything. Ill be buying their products again in the future.
4.5 starsThis is my second set of Astro A50s. I own the original or Gen1 version. I started getting battery issues after 3 years of use or so. These, known as the Gen 3s, are a big step forward.Owning the Xbox One, I found it utterly ridiculous a chat cord is needed on a wireless console. Luckily, Astro went after the licensing to make something.I was so happy with the sound, fit/feel and usability of the first generation, I went with the newest set.WOWSo many options to adjust (if you want to). Reminded me of a phenomenal pair of Logitect I had for PC. I personally hate playing with that stuff and just looked for suggestions in the forums.Fit. I have a large head, 7 3/8ths hat size. When I first slipped them on, they felt a bit too tight. But it was just the newness. I wore them for a couple hours day 1 and about 5 hours the next. No squeeze issues after day 1. The ear cups are large and go all the way around the ear, so no pinched ears. BONUS: the ear cups are held in magnetically (strong too, owned these a month now and no issues). They can be pulled off to clean! Also, they sell a mod pack for around forty bucks that has faux leather for a more sound proof experience from the outside world. I dont wear glasses, so Im not sure how those play in.The sound is phenomenal. Im no audiophile, but I enjoy clean crisp sound and these deliver. I watch Netflix and game with them and they sounds great, as did the first generation.The dock is great. No wires. Im sure Gen 4 will have a better method of sitting the headset in the base. Its not difficult, it does have to sit right or it wont charge. Ive read online about people having issues with that, but I havent. Someone even put a video up on how the easily place it.Bluetooth range. Not great strength. Maybe something they can fix with a update? I have no issues in the gaming room, but if I walk out of it, it loses signal. The good is as soon as it gets back in range, its almost immediately working, no reboot needed.Microphone. Friends say I sound clear, no issues. I do feel the actual build quality isnt as good as the previous generation (boom itself). I wish it did have a mute button on the ear cup as I hate pushing it up and down.The buttons on the ear cup are super easy to learn and use.Im a huge gamer and can play for VERY long times. the 15 hour battery life they give it is def fair. Id say I got closer to 18 hours. I ran mine all the way out, got the warning, used a mini-USB charge cord and kept going. Takes about 2 hours for a full charge, not bad at all. The auto-shutoff is great and by the time you pick them up and get them on your head, they have woken back up, takes a second or so. Saves a ton of battery.They are well made and expect them to last as long as the first gens I had. They are VERY expensive. But I like the best and am willing to pay the extra for quality. These have aluminum, not plastic frames. They feel built tough, but Im not dropping them to test!These are for big gamers. play from time to time, get Turtle Beach. Want to hear every footstep, mechanical noise or wood creak coming form your 5 oclock? This is them.
I bought these as a follow up to already owning a pair of Gen 1 Astro A50s which are still going just fine. I had bought a 2.5mm to 3.5mm cable meant for another headset brand on my original A50s to easily connect them to my Xbox One controllers and chatpad. That was the only inconvenience about it having to be connected to the controller for chat. I like to get up and walk around and having to carry around the controller was a nuisance and almost anytime Im gaming in a party chatting with friends. I got them on sale along with a two year warranty for a little under normal $300 MSRP, but considering how well my A50s have held up I shouldnt have any problems.Pros would start with number one being completely wireless with Xbox One. Dont have to carry my controller around or worry about one pulling the other if it should ever drop. Also dont have to grab to cable just flip down the mic boom whenever I want to start chatting.Second would be how comfortable they are to wear. Ive owned a lot of headphones from light weight Sennheisers, medium weight Audio Technica, and heavy multi-driver headsets like the Tritton AXPro. These have some weight to them with some of the headset being metal plus batteries and all. They dont feel bulky or uncomfortable when I wear them for any period of time and Ive always preferred Plush ear pads over Leatherette ones,Third is the usage time on a single charge these is at least ten hours. I havent yet used them long enough to have them need to be plugged in while using them. If I did I have a long USB cable from my PS4 controller I can use and they provide a dedicated USB charging port on the base station to plug in a cable if you need to which is a nice feature. One further feature for longer battery times is if you lay them down and dont move them they have a built in accelerometer. They will auto power down and after a short time when you set them down and turn back on when you pick them up and put them on in addition to a regular power switch.Fourth would be the base station. The original A50s had a small base and you would need to plug them in manually to charge. These have a nice charging cradle on the base station so you simply dock it and you get a four bar read out of the charging status versus just a yellow and amber light for charging and charged from the Gen 1 A50. Also like the previous base it has a Toslink optical out so you can connect another device in line with them. I normally keep my original Gen 1 A50s connected to my PS4, but there are times when I cant use surround sound and have someone over so I just daisy chain my other A50s for Netflix and Blu-Rays.Something that could have been better would be the software side of setting them up. While its incredibly easy to update the firmware it takes a bit of time to change and test settings since you have to disconnect it from the console. Connect it to a PC switch it to PC mode change settings and write them to the headset and then reconnect it to the console to test. A simple sound and mic test built into the software would have been great. Took around an hour of messing around with equalizer settings and mic noise gate levels to get something I was happy with. Ended up using flat EQ for gaming and slightly modified one for media and found the default noise gate setting for the microphone to be right for me. Having the option to do all this is a definite improvement over the previous versions though.
So this was my first set of Astros..... Ive been a loyal turtle beach fan until now the quality of turtle beach has been lacking as of late.... The newer versions break way to easy after multiple long sessions of play and in my opinion the ear force x41s were and will be my favorite set of turtle beach headset and work for both Xbox 360 and the xbox One quality and build and sound were awesome several years later and still kicking .. But the the need for a true wireless set finally called me..the few sets of turtle beach Ive bought after the x41s broke the elite 500x and 800x... Both sounded great but both broke in the same spot right above the left ear cup and no way to repair or replace except popsicle sticks and electric tape.....two sets of both for a total of four and all four break in the same spot.. I call a design flaw... Cheaper plastic in my opinion because how can my x41s still be intact and older? So after five sets bought and the newest four break in the same spot.... Not good .... So now on to my review of my first ever Astros... Sound is amazing.. check my voice clear and sound Great check....comfortable for hours of play check...also wireless 100% check charging dock / stand awesome check....plus if you wanted the extra noise canceling mod an extra upgrade sold separately, its easy to pop in and out with magnets awesome (should come with both for price but thats my opinion ) fully charge and update firmware and off you go...the only issue I have with them on occasion and I believe its on Xbox side of things is sometimes the mic will act like its not working... An easy fix to start a party and talk into the mic if you can see the ring glowing around your gamer tag...place the mic upright aka mute it and go to base station switch to pc for about five seconds and the switch back to Xbox never turning anything off and staying in party while doing this and after place the mic down aka unmute and talk and you should see the glowing around your gamer tag...i always start a party and check as soon as I boot up just to make sure Im able to be heard and about 85% of the time Im good the other 15% I do those steps above and works every time.. A minor annoyance but as I said before I thinks its an Xbox issue and not going to ding Astros for that...plus made of metal is a no brainer not going to break above ear cups best set of cans Ive ever bought...
Before purchasing the Gen 3 Astro A50 Wireless Gaming Headset, I owned the previous generation and was very pleased with it. That used to be the best headset I ever owned. This new generation easily takes the cake. Not only did they improve the already superior sound, Astro has also created an innovative wireless charging stand. Correct me if I am wrong, but I have never seen a high-end gaming headset with a wireless charging dock on its base station. Dropping the headset down after gaming for hours and not having to worry about plugging it in is such a great feeling.The battery life is another dramatic improvement to this generation of A50s. It is advertised to get 15 hours on a full charge, and I can confirm this. The last generation was constantly dying on me, which meant I was plugged in more than I like.Another one of my favorite features of this headset is the ability to flip up the mic to mute. Simply flip it up and youre muted from the party or game chat. Instead of having to feel for the mute button on your headset or on the cord, I found this to be much more convenient. This feature comes in handy when you play in an area that youre not always alone, like a living room or basement.Sound and comfort are truly amazing. The surround sound is unlike any other headset I have ever used. I used to be a Turtle Beach enthusiast, but Astro is definitely my brand of preference when it comes to my gaming headset. 10/10 - I highly recommend the Astro A50s. They are an investment, but a wise one in my opinion. This headset will greatly improve your gaming experiences.
I understand that these headphones are expensive but you do get what you pay for in sound quality. These headphones sound like they are not even on your head and the sound is coming from a speaker in the distance which is very cool. It doesnt sound like the sound is right on your head like normal headphones. The sound is very natural. The other reviews are correct if youre looking for something that sounds good for music you would be better off with regular headphones in this price range but this headphone is specifically for gamers and has a lot of chat features which makes it perfect for gamers. The best features are the flip up microphone for mute and the large buttons on the side of the right headphone can to adjust between game volume and voice volume this is the mixer. The worst thing that I can say about this headphone is that it can get uncomfortable on the top of your head after long gaming sessions and when you have your head against a pillow or soft recliner it can actually touch the right headphone can mix button and adjust it by pushing on it accidentally. Theres also an auto power-off feature that engages and turns the headphone off sometimes in the middle of playing if you hold your head really still. Once in awhile if you hold your head really still you have to move your head to get it to turn back on or turn it off and back on again. This is a bit annoying and there may be a setting to disable this feature as I always put my headphones back on the charging base when Im done with them. The battery has an amazing long life and I dont think Ive ever gone down more than two bars and have played for hours. Of course I mostly play games like Minecraft that arent too noisy so this may be a factor to the louder the sounds the more battery it will use. One thing that I like about this headphone is that I bought the other base for $99 on line that matches it with the PS4 so all you have to do is set the headphone in the dock for the system you want to play with, just let it sit there for about 2 seconds then left it off and its paired to the other system! I dont know of any other headphones that can do this and since I have both an Xbox One X and PS4 Pro these are the perfect headphones for me. If you are trying to decide between these headphones and some other headphones and you have no problem paying the price of these just get the A50s you will not be disappointed.
First I just wanna say that the packaging is amazing, Ive had the A40s as well and Astro is known for their packaging. This is a "Gaming Headset", Ive used the ATH-700 and the M50X and IMO they just arent for gaming. Dont get me wrong they sound good but from my experience with Astros they(Astros) sound the best for gaming. At first I was very hesitant to get another pair of Astros, mainly because the "Wireless" situation. I can say I was very surprised, at first glance they just didnt look comfortable at all.I can assure you that this headset is very comfortable even hours of use. I wear glasses and there was no fatigue that I was feeling when playing on PC. I got the Xbox version because the Xbox One X is coming out but I mainly game on PC.The range on these could be better but you get what you get, theyre wireless and I for one expect drop outs or it sometimes completely going out, that hasnt happened to me yet but Im sure it will. Now I did get a bit of interference when I got up to go to the kitchen, I could still hear everything on Resident Evil 7 but I was getting a static interference the further I got from it.These sound amazing, I was able to locate many players while playing PUBG, foot steps are clear and I could tell when someone was in a house with me or even nearby. Even gunshots sound so much better on this headset, I was amazed at the sound but I really like it. When firing your weapon it sounds as if youre actually shooting a weapon up close. You get that loud noise and I could still find where footsteps were coming from because I had enemy players all around me. This was all with Dolby 7.1 on. So the directional soundstage is very pleasing.The charge cradle is pretty easy to use, just line the headset up with the prongs and a magnet will pull them in and keep them there until your next use.The battery life is pretty good on these, that wont be an issue even with long sessions. I got 14 hours from one full charge and that included me setting them down which when you set these down they turn off after 15-20 seconds of no use.The mic is okay, they didnt really focus on the Mic quality at all but it is still good enough for gaming. I know not many people like the quality of the mic but its just for gaming, not recording or anything like that. Which I didnt expect it to sound like an AT2020, so I wasnt very surprised with the quality.I will update after a month. All I can say is if youre a true gamer or even a beginner and want a good wireless headset, then Id get these. Some might find issues with them but I can honestly say this is my favorite headset for gaming. Just make sure when you buy them to register both the cradle and the headset serial numbers and download the software to update the firmware.
ProsBuild quality , the headphones and docking station are a thing of beauty.The sound quality is pretty great for wireless.The can be customized for sound presets and mic monitoring .These are less heavy on the head than previous gen so it wont cause fatigue.These are comfortable with glasses . (Verified a 10 hour session with no issues.)Will fit a large dome. (Verified a 10 hour session with no issues.)Long battery life 15+ hours ( coming from turle beach x42-rechargable nightmare )Amazingly comfortable. Game and voice chat are controlled by the right ear cup plating.The mic is on the left side Flipping the mic up mutes voice chat. Cons:Buttons are all on the right side and very tiny fonts.No custom plate tags . Adventure time for A40TR looked dope.Minimal instructions to setup to game and twitch steam. Youll be on your own for that. But thats what youtube is for.Manufacture support is kinda bad. Buy extra warranty form geek squad? There is no bluetooth, no aux cable to use a tradtional 3.5mm headset for iphone ipad etc. So Just made for gaming.Sound cuts out but can be remedied. Adjustments needed to be made for wi-fi router for best sound. 5GHz Channel 44. Via their forums.You will need to update firmware via Astro Command Center /pc to alleviate sounding like a robot to your friends in less you are in fact a synth.I consider these cons because the manual for the layman,;they will just return them and say they are broken.Things to considerPremium Gaming headphones at a premium price.We get it ! These headphones cost as much as a console.However they are designed with comfort and luxury in mind.The Xbox version is Grey and Green, The pics and box make it look black, kinda disappointment it was not black and green.I have these on the top of my entertainment center so placing these babys to charge can be a nussance ; having to pick up and place them just right.Be sure to turn the headphones on first >then xbox>controller.I say this because theres this bug that causes the xbox to not pick up your mic duing a party session or in game session even though you can her yeourself in the mic monitor feed.Toggle the pc/xbox switch to fix or just remeber to turn the headphones on first before anything else.When in doubt and things get wacky reset the headphones via game button and the Dolby digital button for about 30 seconds, and re dock the headphones .They magically come back to life Sound will return to normal..Man theres a lot of things to consider and cons eh?I was on the fence but honestly they sound great and super comfy and after the brutal initial setup work for me in my living situation. I decided to keep them and couldnt be happier.Having no cords and being to listen in surround sound late at night or in private time is amazing...otherwise the a40TRs and mix amp pro should be something to consider.
I went back and forth for a while about buying the Astro a50s. They’re extremely comfortable and they have great battery life but the reason I wanted them was that they are actually wireless. This headset isn’t tethered to the console or the controller. I can set my controller down and go into another room with my headset still on. The range in other rooms is limited, but I can’t really complain about how well a wireless gaming headset works when I’m not near my console... I’ve had them for nearly a month now, and I’ve had several 7-8+ hour gaming sessions and the headset hasn’t dipped below half battery life. The docking/charging station for it is pretty cool as well, it has a display on the front that tells you when it is charging and the remaining battery. The one issue I have, and I’ve encountered this with other Astro headsets as well, is that although they have super sensitive mics, the mic feedback/monitoring (ability to hear yourself through the headset) is very quiet. I could see how that would be an issue if you were using it in a quiet environment and needed to be conscious of your voice level.The fit is fantastic (my head is larger than average) and although the product page says they are synthetic leather, the ear cups feel like a very breathable microfiber-type material. Very soft and light, not heavy and hot like your run-of-the-mill leather ear cups.I’m not an audiophile so I can’t comment on nit-picky differences in the audio but both the chat channel and game channel come through crystal clear. One thing I ran into was that since I had chat output set to both speakers and headset, I was getting a very bad echo initially, but once I switched that to headset only, no problems.Overall, I’d say, if you have the money to spend and you want a good quality headset, this model looks like a good buy. I upgraded from a four year old Turtle Beach XO One model, nothing wrong with it other than it wasn’t wireless. But after trying my friend’s Astro a40s, I realized I wanted the quality and comfort of that headset, only wireless. Boom! The a50.
I bought the Astro A50s as a replacement for my Turtle Beach Stealth 600s for my Xbox One X. Despite being extra careful about the care of my headset both pairs of Turtle Beaches I have owned have cracked. I needed a great sounding headset with the build quality to match. After days of research I decided to get the A50s. I was not disappointed! The built quality is amazing. The headband is sturdy and has a nice feel to it. The part for adjusting the headset is a nice metal and despite the headset being heavier that others that I have owned, it is super comfy and the padding on the ear cups itself are light and feel good. As far as connectivity goes it was really easy to set up. Set the switch on the dock station to Xbox, plug the optic cable to the back of the Xbox, then to the dock station and plug the USB cable to the Xbox. I have always thought Turtle Beaches have had amazing sound quality but these put them to shame. Even the presets out the box sound amazing not to mention you can fully customize each eq and save custom ones using the Astro Audio Hub on your computer. The Surround Sound is amazing. I can hear every faint noise in the background and even tell which direction it is coming from. Full disclosure I do have Dolby Atmos and the A50s are fully supported by Dolby Atmos. If you can, definitely upgrade. You will be blow away. All in all I am amazed by this headset and will never look back.
Ok, lets get started here. So I have been playing online multiplayer games since Call of Duty 3. I purchased my first set of Turtle Beaches when COD4 was released for the Xbox 360. About a year before the Xbox One was released I bought another set of Turtle Beach headsets because the first pair was completely worn out. I bought the XP500s which were designed to be completely wireless like these A50s. When I purchased a Xbox One I was no longer able to use the XP500s wireless because of the controller change, I had to use a mic cord from the headset to the Xbox One controller. So by using the cord I also had to buy an adapter that plugs into the controller. I had three different ways to adjust the chat volume and game volume (what a headache and disaster). The cord always made crackling sounds, friends would always tell me to "fix my mic" because of static or echos. The XP500s were a great headset but they were not designed to be used on a Xbox One, they were designed for a Xbox 360. I got so fed up with mic problems I started researching for a new headset. I found that Astro A-50s had good reviews and it was the most up to date headset out for the Xbox One. My only concern was they were wireless sometimes wireless mics are not always the best because they produce lots of static and cracking noises due to low GHz, not these puppies they have 5.0 GHz. I decided to spend the $299.99 on the headset plus the geek squad warranty which was $39.99 and that covers ANYTHING that happens to the headset for 2 years. After using these I can absolutely say they are the BEST headset I have ever used for gaming. Absolutely no cracks, no static, no nothing but clear crisp game sound and chat. This is a TRUE completely wireless headset that charges on the base station. You can also charge the headset while playing by using a micro-usb cord from the headset to the base station. I can get a solid 15-16 hours on game play out of these before they need to be re-charged. Also another great feature is the way you mute the mic, you just simply flip the mic boom straight up and your mic is now muted. 5* best Xbox one headset on the market by far. I will never own another set of Turtle Beaches again after buying these A50s. Design is great no flaws what so ever. 15 year gamer.
This is my fourth Astro headset. They make very good quality products. This newest A50 is my favorite though. Here are some notes I have on the different aspects: Price:The price is high, yes. But not out-of-line for what you get. To me, the convenience of having no wires to worry about while still getting good surround sound and a proven comfortable headset design is worth the extra dollars. Dock:The dock makes charging really easy, and there is no power button to worry about. They start working as soon as you put them on. The dock is the best part of the new A50s, but also my one minor complaint. The dock takes a little bit to get used to - because the headset swivels, you have to make sure the earphones are straight before docking them, or the contacts wont touch and they wont charge. You get used to it quickly though, and the indicator makes it clear whether they are connected or not. Sound:The sound is great - good deep bass, and the depth of the surround is awesome. Much appreciated in FPS games. I used to be skeptical of wireless headsets, but my concerns are unfounded with this headset - no hissing or pops and just great overall sound. You can adjust the sound with the PC/Mac software as well. Mic: I have not really used the mic yet so I cant review it, but I can confirm that the mic does turn off if it is upright, and turns on when you pull it down. Battery: Battery life seems great - I always set them back in the dock when Im not using them, so I ever havent had them drain completely. Accessories: I wish you could get custom speaker tags for these so you could fully personalize them. Currently there is a mod kid available that swaps out the ear pads for leathery ones that block out more outside noise, and they come with a black replacement for the existing green headband cushion. I like the black look over the green, and I like that you can easily swap out the ear pads any time. They are magnetic, so they go in and come out without any effort all. The headset is just as comfortable with or without the mod kit in my opinion.
This headset is pricey but it is very high quality. It is very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time, it has a surprisingly long battery life (using it for 8 hours barely gets it down to 50%), and the sound is crystal clear!By far, my favorite thing about it is that the headset itself is fully wireless. There’s no connecting it to the controller or console. The headset’s charging/docking station connects to the Xbox and has an indicator for the battery life so you can always know if you need to charge the headset. I especially like that I can set my controller down, leave the room, and come back without having to take my headset off. Sometimes the signal gets spotty if I go into another room but I can’t really complain about the quality of a wireless gaming headset when I’m not in the room with my console...The product page says that the ear cups are a synthetic leather, but they definitely feel soft and comfortable like a microfiber material to me. They don’t get hot or painful to wear during extended gaming sessions like other headsets.The only issue I have with this headset is that the mic feedback/monitoring (hearing yourself through the headset) is very quiet. It is difficult sometimes to determine how loud I am speaking, and since the microphone is super sensitive, sometimes I feel like I’m yelling at my friends. So far they haven’t complained though.Overall, if you’ve got the money to spend, I’d say this is probably the headset to have for Xbox One. It’s very high quality, it’s wireless with great battery life, and while it is expensive, to me it’s worth it to not get headaches from my headset every time I game for more than an hour. Extremely comfortable.
First off this is an amazing headset. I owned the previous generation of these and it was ok. Mic, of the previous generation, was not very good and I was told I was hard to understand. Also on the previous generation you had to be connected to your controller in order to have chat capabilities. With these new Astro A-50s you are truly wireless. They seem to be a bit lighter and the battery has a better life. Within these first few days of having them I have noticed a difference in duration of battery life. This is also helped by the fact if you set them down they will turn off after 15 seconds with no movement. From time to time i have had them turn off while i placed them off my ears and sat very still but has never turned off in game. The sound is awesome and you can fully adjust them using the Astro Command Center. It allows you to load up to 3 different presets to be changed via toggle switch on the fly. You can also control your mic volume pitch and feedback. Also if you own both the Xbox One and the Playstation 4 you are in luck. You can buy a headset for either console and they have announced plans to sell the base station separately. So you could use on headset and when you change consoles just pair it to the other base station saving you money. Pairing is super simple- you just place it into the docking station built for the headset and viola! Paired!All in all I highly recommend these. I have owned turtle beachs as well and the quality is amazing. I do recommend the geek squad warranty as there is no hassle for the replacement and I have heard Astro is a pain and they only offer a 1 year warranty. Also when searching online it shows no stores have them locally but after calling I was able to find them in store close by so make sure you call as well.
The Astro A50 generation 3 headset is a drastic improvement from the previous generation. The previous generation was plagued by constant disconnects and interference- also they had the annoying cable from the headset to the controller. This generation fixed all these issues. The sound quality out of this headset is fantastic. The ability to customize up to three different sound settings makes them incredibly versatile for gaming, listening to music, and watching movies. The lack of any cables to the console and controller makes them really convenient. I also like the ability to mute the mic by flipping it up- no buttons to press. Ive experienced some occasional glitches. Once in a while no sound will play out of the headphones after turning on the Xbox console or one of the earcups will temporarily develop a rattling sound as the sound plays. Both of these minor inconveniences have always been solved by unplugging the base station power cable and plugging it back in. I recommend taking the headset off when you do this as it will occasionally play a loud popping sound as they turn back on. I am overall very happy with the purchase and, even though the price tag is steep, would absolutely recommend these to anyone looking for a solid headset for gaming.
I upgraded to the A50s after I was having some connectivity issues with my A20. These issues were not deal-breaking, just annoying. The A50s happened to be on sale and it was a good time for me to invest in this headset. As an easy overview, there isnt much bad with these as all. As youd expect with a $300 headset, they work very well. This headset is aimed at a non-casual audience, though is easy enough for anyone to use. The sound quality is fantastic, and works great with Dolby Atmos. I have the headset paired with my Xbox One X and a 4KTV. One feature I love is that the ear cups have magnetically removable cushions, and the earpiece itself can rotate so you can wear it off ear or have it lay flat(er). Cosmetically, the headset looks good, though I think a dark grey or black would look better than the medium grey and bright green. Set up was very easy, and you can customize many audio settings, mic settings, EQ profiles, and more using the desktop app. It would be cool to tweak this on your console, but its not too big of a deal.I think the sound quality is very good. I do not experience distortion on low or high end, and the headphones handle low end very well, and with a low EQ-bias on a the normal EQ preset.If youre looking into these, theyre a good choice, possibly the best!
I was looking for a wireless headset that did not require plugging into anything to charge and theres surprisingly little choice in this department. That being said this headset has been amazing. Starting with the base it is flat meaning it does not obstruct view behind it (i have a monitor there) and magnetically catches the headset. Makes it very easy to just plop the headset on when done with it and let it charge and just pick up when needed again. I wish more wireless headsets implemented a design like this as it has been one of the highlights of using this headset.The sound is excellent. Having the 2 separate channels (voice and game) is awesome and the surround sound sounds better than any previous headset Ive owned with this feature. The voice channel also makes for crisp and clear voice when playing with friends or voice chatting with family while still letting me hear the game without it being overpowering (volume slider for balance between the channels is spot on). The microphone is great as well. 99% of the time I use the Night/Warm settings and people can hear me loudly and clearly without too much of my background noise getting through.The one con about this headset would be its price. I did get it on sale which was totally worth it to me however there are a number of other headsets out there which can be comparable in sound/microphone for significantly less. That being said the stand and wireless charging is a hard feature to find in the headset space so if those are features youre looking for this is one of the only headsets you have as options.
Great head phones kinda miss having blue tooth though
Quality sound. Material is high grade. Thank you Best Buy for the advise.
This is by far the best gaming headset out there that Ive tried!
Comfortable, sound is awesome, glad I purchased these.
It has worked great so far.The sound is good and they fit good.
Sound quality and range are on point. Another quality product from Astro.
Best sounding headset for the Xbox one in my opinion no complaints at all.
The Astro gaming headset is well worth the purchase price
These headphones are great. The sound is awsome its crisp clear.
best for the money as far as wireless goes for gaming
This headset is everything I was hoping for. Its a great headset for the price!!
The surround sound is amazing and has raised my gaming experience to another level.
My son loves this headset. He had purchased others before but this is the best so far.
These things are awesome!!! Very comfortable, long battery life and great sound.
Same as the previous A50s but now fully wireless on Xbox. Great sound and super comfortable
Excellent headset not disappointed. Good quality but pricey!
Comfortable for long play sessions, PS4 sounds great!
Great gaming headphones! I recommend these for all gamers.
Must have for all gamers!! Comfortable long battery life! Easy to use and light weight!
Comfortable, good sound quality, and long battery life.
Perfect gift for my son. He has not stopped using them.
Got this as a gift and I couldnt be happier with them.
fully wireless and fully costumizable. Looks good and sounds good. Can’t go wrong.
One amazing products I love it and the price is amazing
I love these headphones. I play lots of PC games and the surround sound it awesome
The best!! Incredible sound, I love it. Astro winner.
Works exceptionally well. Great for gaming. Get the insurance for long-term usage though.
I love this headset! Its comfortable and the sound quality is excellent.
Love the surround sound. Would definitely recommend them to a friend!
Its great but i end up going with something else...
This headsets beats turtle beach and afterglow by a land slide.
Very clear mic and deep bass and overall the sound is very clean
I’ve never had a gaming headset that works and sounds this good!
This is a great headset to have. I have had mine for over a year now.
Great sound and easy to connect. Work very well with X-Box One.
The music sounds amazing and smooth! Very comfortable to wear.
I love these headsets!! No wires, amazing clarity, and very comfortable.
This is a really good headset. It provides true surround and good bass.
These are really good for the price. They put out really good sound
These are great went to these from Sony golds. Buy these worth the money
Love this headset, great sound quality and so convenient being wireless.
This is awesome, great and cheap, I like it dont hurts my ears
The ease of set-up and charging is great. Sound is outstanding.
Love my head phones. I havent had any trouble with sound or breaking.
Great sound and enhances game play. I would recommend this to any gamer.
Excellent headphones. Superior surround sound. Quality is nice
Amazing product! Mil s ah ad of He competition. Features are top notch
My son loves it,this headset is really great to play online.
Awesome must have works and connects easy got it on sale
Really enjoyed these headphones very comfortable sound nice
Fantastic sound quality very comfortable and wireless works flawless!
The best sound and bang for your buck for gaming platform.
They are very clear and comfortable. I would recommend to all gamers
amazing comfortable great sound noise cancelling love these!
Great mi husband loves them I got them for his birthday.
Such a great product totally work the price! My boyfriend loves it!
Well worth the money. Its awesome and ten times better the the a40.
Very good product. No problems whatsoever. Will recommend.
Truly Dolby Atmos Sound on Xbox One X.7.1 Dolby sound
Very easy plug and play, looks cool and would recommend this
the best gaming headsets ever! perfect sound for the hardcore gamer!
Works very well the sound quality is fantastic would highly recommend
Got these for my son and he loves them! Great awesome sound.
Easy to set up, great sound, comfortable to wear for long periods
The best headset Ive ever owned. Ive had about 3 this one beats all of them
They work perfectly and have great sound!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome headset. Highly recommended for good sound
Impressive sound. Great fit. Love the quality. Very pleased with purchase.
Best headset I’ve used in a long time. Definitely recommend to anyone
Happy with my new headset i recommend 2 thumbs up.
My son loved this. He uses it all the time. Great gift.
The best wireless headset I have bought would tell all my friends to purchase this item.
The look and feel is what I like about these headsets. Sound is great.
Ive owned several headsets including turtle beaches and these are way better.
Love these headphones haven’t had any issues with them
Always used turtle beaches but since these Ill never go back! Kinda pricey but worth it
I love this headset. Its loud and you can feel the bass. Worth every penny.
First time using headphones, easy to use, comfortable and quality sound
expensive but worth the money, bought as birthday present
Had these before for 3 years. Awesome headphones for gaming but very expensive
Great set of head set nice and clear sound on them
these headsets have made me an astro customer for life!
Highly recommend this for all around console use. Excellent sound and mic chat is clear.
Works great. Good price. I like the fit. Would recommend
My kids love this headset, and I never get to use them much. But when I do, love em
Great wireless headphones. We use with PC and PS4.
Upgraded from a40s to these. Best decision ever. .
This headset is so comfortable !! The sound is amazing!!
Wireless!!! Great sound quality! Sits well in charger and is easy to mute!
Clear sound and very good surround sound perfect for long gaming sessions
My son loves the headset this is he’s second one pair
Perfect for all types of medium..games, YouTube etc.
Good item. Glad my parents bought it for me. Best $300 they ever spent :-).
He says its great on sound and feels so comfortable.
I purchased those headset for my nephew who plays Xbox, and he loves them!
Went from turtle beaches to this and wow amazing headset
Great sound, easy connect, blovks out background noise
My son uses these every day and says they are the best for sound, communication
My husband got them for his Xbox and I love that I dont have to hear the game!
This is a great product, everyone needs one!!!!!!
After trying multiple headsets this had the best sound and best features.
My grandson loved this headset,easy to use, and no wires
Easy to setup and excellent sound. Very comfortable as well
The most comfortable headset I’ve used. Sound quality is really good as well.
Awesome wireless headset. Clear sound and super easy to charge. 10/10 would recommend
These give you an awesome full surround sound feel theyre awesome.
The Sound is amazing & the features are great. Go Get One!
This is by far the best headset Ive own. Its in its own level
This headset is truly amazing! The audio is perfect!
Just as expected. I love these. I use them everyday.
This is a amazing headset great for long gameplay and very comfortable
Love this wireless controller. Great option for any active gamer of any age.
Awesome headphones for gaming all around from comfortability to sourround sound.
you can here everything clear and talk perfect nice
You do get what you pay for! This headset is worth every penny! The sound is amazing!
Bought these for our 12 yr old, way better quality than the turtle beaches we bought
The sound and interface with friends is better than any other headphones I have had.
very nice headset with good surround sound for ps4.
Great head set my son loves it and its worth the money got it on sale 240
Ive had astros for a long time now and these are by far the best ones Ive had
Best headset for gaming. coming from the turtle Beach elite 800 these are far superior
Sound and quality are great! Item received on time.
Super comfortable headphones, you know you wearing the brand’s finest.
I thought I would try as I like the blue better than the green and it does not work.
great sound easy to use light weight after a couple of hours they still feel great.
I love these headphones very comfortable and the sound is great!
Definitely a sleek design with good aoubd quality.
Bought this for my son. He is normally rough on head sets, these have lasted.
Can’t wait to use it. Heard nothing but good things.
this is a great headset to use for gaming on xbox.
True surround sound and crisp effects make this headset comparable to none.
Best headset for comfort. Really can wear it for awhile
Love them, they sound great. Very comfortable to wear.
Good for gaming! Bought as a gift and he loves them!
This buy was great it is great for anyone needing a boost in gaming.
Really good sound very good quality product very loud
Way better than the old a50. The old one sometimes disconeted.
High sound quality, long battery life, easy to use and affordable.
Beautifully built headset. Love the magnetic charger stand.
Reliable product with a great sound. This products lasts a long time
Very nice headset sound are very good I would by it again
The quality of the headphone is very high, It has a clear sound.
Love this headset. Closest thing to my surround sound I could get.
GREAT PRODUCT IF YOUR A GAMER YOU MUST HAVE ONEOF THIS
They are ok little pricey but for the money u pay is good
work great. Sounds are good . charging is easy, and fast just set it down on the pad and thats it!
Ive owned every kind of gaming head set and these are by far the best ive ever owned.
Completely wireless, comfortable, compatible with X-Box One. Good value for the price.
Great headset with Dolby 7.1 surround sound to hear the games or movies sounds quality even better
These are very good headphones. They sound very clear. Very durable. Highly recommend
My son loves these headphones. He can wear them for long periods of time with no complaints.
Enjoying using these headphone better than the previous ones I had
This headset was easy to setup and fits conveniently with charging station on entertainment center
My son loves his new astroboy headphones. They seem like good quality. Hope they last long time.
I got these for my son and was told these are the best ever
Never bought a $300 headset before and this was worth the investment for gaming headset
Best headphone I have bought to date. Sound is amazing
This headset sounds great, is super-comfortable, and is completely wireless. Couldnt be happier.
Perfect clairity , great design can use on pc and xbox
This headset is better than any one out there. The sound is great and is perfect for any gamer.
These are so comfortable! Perfect gaming headset. Love them.
its good. headphones for pc and ps4. its worth the price.
I bought this for my 19 year old college Student for a Christmas gift and he loves it.
Incredible sound and comfort with easy to use charging station!
We love these gaming headphone! You can enjoy playing!
Play like a pro, this headset sounds great good price,
These headphones are amazing, I had the older version, and these were an amazing upgrade!
I love the comfort of them for his urs of game play and the battery life is amazing
This headset is awesome. Sound quality is top notch. Holds a charge for multiple hours
Been looking for a good wireless headset to work on Xbox and in VR - this works great.
Absolutley great no complaints loud blocks sound or
great sound, can hear the smallest footsteps while gaming
The sound is amazingly clear & optimal for gaming on all levels. Strongly recommended
My son loves this item . He can play with it hours , battery holds charge really well.
My son can play his games without wires getting all tangled up over time.
I bought it for my son he loves it and uses it everyday
Best headset I have ever bought!! Definitely definitely would recommend this is ANYONE!!
Great for gaming and watching shows, Very comfortable.
This headphone set is good quality. The microphone is good.
Products works flawness and it great on speaking to driends
If you have the money to spend on these, do it! Great addition to my PS4.
I bought these for my son & he is very impressed by the quality of these.
Would definitely buy again no wires good sound cant go wrong.
Great gaming headset for PS4, really crisp sounds while playing games.
I upgraded from a set of Turtle Beaches and the are way better. Plus I love the charging dock.
No cords to deal with and the quality is perfect. It’s always on my head when playing
Clear sound and very surround sound perfect for long gaming session.
It is worth the money spent and also the sound and battery life is amazing
Excellent headset if bought at the right price!!!,
One of the best gaming and Pc headset . Great sound and they look awesome
love these, added Dolby atmos and the sound quality is unreal.
I’ve used Razor, Logitech, Sony. This is by far the best one I’ve used
I went through several headsets and this one had every feature I wanted.
Amazing headset. I highly suggest getting this if you competitively play at all
I like be this headset. I am a fan of no wires and the 7.1 surround sound.
These headphones are the top tier of gaming headphones. And they act like it.
Easy setup and great sound. Would highly recommend.
Fantastic sound. Great for competitive games. Mid kit makes them even better.
My son loves these headphones!! He especially likes the charging stand!
Perfect headaet. Would definitely recommend for serious gamers.
Great wireless headset for gaming that listening to your surroundings is important
Great price at Best Buy. They also price match, so why go anywhere else!
This headset is amazing and the best part about it is I dont need a chat adapter
Comfortable , and love the wireless feature! Battery life is exceptional as well.
Comfort and function tops in their class. Do not hesitate to purchase!
My husband loves them he leaves me alone now!!!!!!
Delivers fantastic sound...well made and happy with the product!
The best headset I have ever bought and does everything it says it does.
Very customizable with app and the 3 presets on the side
The sound quality on these headsets are very good .i would tell others
Great gaming headset with tons of customization!!!
Definitely recommend this headset over the turtle beach. No wires and no hassle
I went through a lot of mics and I haft to say this is the very best!
The product was amazing and had great comfort with it.
Great head set very comfortable and they sound great I highly recomend
The best in gaming headsets out right now. I definitely recommend getting one!
there nothing better then these headphones, they are very comfortable and durable
Been wanting these for awhile. Have to say they were worth every penny.
Great sound and high quality gaming features. Love these headphones.
Its great for pc and gamming. Get the warranty its worth it.
Wonderful sound quality and the surround sound is awesome
Awesome headset great sound and comfortable the best
I really loved this great present for my boyfriend!
Excellent headset - my 13 year old loves the headset!!!
Headset is awesome but delivery took too long. My son loves it!
AFTER TRYING COUPLE OF DIFFERENT HEADSETS THIS ONES ARE THE BEST!
The sound is great and the headset is very comfortable
I love these headphones. Great quality! I would recommend them!!
Very good and good quality. Surround sound is unreal.
Excellent sound quality. Very comfortable. Very well put together.
I hear everything 360 degrees, and its light and durable.
My son loves these gaming headphones. One of the best he has used.
Excellent headset. Fits comfortably and provides wonderful sound.
I would definitely recommend it great sound and great quality
Love this!!! This is better than expected! Great sound.
Works well really grwat sound better then most ive tried
Awesome for any type of gaming especially shooters of skyrim.
I love the new charging feature and the complete wireless aspect.
Has an amazing sound and detail. Mic is extremely clear.
Good for gaming, make sure to update it to latest firmware
Great headset premium build ! I love thats it wireless
It has worked perfectly and last a good bit on 1 charge
Very comfortable, sound great and long charge life.
Bought for my grandson. He likes the quality of the sound
These are comfortable, clear sound, and have good range
My cousin loves games. He loves this set. He dreamed about it:))
The only thing I dont like is the battry charger can be better.
Great for gamers. Easy to use..for pc and xbox Console.
would be better if was bluetooth to function with other devices
Great product for first person shooters. Best out there
Astros are the best avaible have them for both Xbox and ps4
I had the old model, but the sound stopped working. Very happy with the new model
Great sound for games and great for talking with friends with no wires connected
Used turtle beach for years. Im happy I made the switch to astro
HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE FOR ANY GAMERS. VERY PLEASED
We love them. You cant hear the game when he is playing the xbox.
purchased as a Christmas gift. well received. great product, no trouble so far.
I love my headset great sound very clear. love that its wireless
it is great to be free of wires to be able to move around more freely
Great headphones!! Worth every penny!!!!! The music now sounds great!!
Fantastic headset. No problems! would recommend to anyone!
Excellent sound quality. Very comfortable. Convenient charging cradle.
10/10 , Best headset that I have ever bought! Would definitely recommend buying one.
It’s a step or two above the other headphones and very happy with it,thanks Best Buy
Huge improvement Over the turtle beach comparables, you can feel the quality ! Id recommend !
The sound quality and easy set up of these headphones is amazing!! Definently recommend!
Easy setup with great sound, the headset is comfortable for long gaming sessions.
This is the best headset that I have ever owned hands down.
With the 7.1 surround sound you have very crisp sound
Very good product. Comfortable to wear. Clear, crisp sound. Wireless nice.
These Rock! Great set of headphones. I upgraded to these & Im really happy with the results!
Really good quality. I would totally recommend this.
Good clarity, he can hear a pin drop while not hearing any noice from the outside
Headset is awesome pretty expensive but worth it !!
Great itemGreat price quality product arrived here really quickly and easy to set up
My brother loves these headsets. Great Purchase for the price
My son loved them he said they are great. He said they are great to play with his PlayStation
Great headset! Quality from exterior to interior is just incredible! Highly recommend!
Sounds great, mic is crystal clear and very comfortable headset. Nice customizations as well.
These headphones are incredible, awesome sound, but was a little steep but affordable
Great headsets. Recommended buy. Totally worth the money.
They are amazing! Im very happy with them. There are so many settings that you can use.
Ive owned a lot of headsets and this one is at the top along with the Astro A40s.
Best wireless headset! Astro outdone themself. Amazing!
Great 3th gen gaming headset. Fixed a lot of the 2nd gen problems that I was having.
One of the best headsets out there it’s a must for a gamer
Great sound,very comfortable. Sounds much better than my Turtle Beach ever did
My son really like these headphones game stop run them cheeper but overall i am very pleased
IM IN LOVE WITH THIS HEADSET!! Ive had all the Astros but this is by far my favorite.
These headphones are great and the best part is there is no cord even for voice. Thank you!!
Nice upgrade ! Great quality and very comfortable!
Best headphones hands down, perfect for PC and the PS4, no issues what so ever.
Best headphones I’ve ever had. They are very comfortable the sound is fantastic
A great quality. pretty pricey but the sound is great.
Sounds great, a little expensive but well worth the money
ASTRO > Turtle BeachForever changed. Will not go back
Excellent sound quality. The product is built to last.
If you want to hear everything buy this headset hear footsteps
My friend loved it ..I keep getting compliments like the sound is amazing ..best.
I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it. I like the fact that it comes with a stand.
Awsome headset the best gaming headset I have ever bought I will recommend it to anyone ...
using it for games and movies. best sound and easy to set up
I bought this as a gift for Christmas and he loved it!
Incredible sound. I like to watch netflix and crank up the sound in my apartment. Amazing!!
Good quality, run a lot of gb and you can hear footsteps clear as day
Awesome pair of headphones they sound great and have long battery lige
Picked these up for PC gaming, great sound and amazing in combat games
Picked these up for PC gaming, great sound and amazing in combat games
I recently bought the A50’s and I absolutely love them.
The headset is a higher quality than the previous version. Im very satisfied.
Great durable headset that’s comfortable and has great sound quality!
This gaming headset is amazing. Great sound and build quality
What I like most about headphones is that they do not use any type of cable.
Great headset sounds like your in the game no cons whats so ever go buy them now
Best wireless headphones , long lasting battery, perfect sound
Best headphones ever. Good for gaming and chatting
These have great sound - love the charging unit that comes with them
Great headset! Worlds difference over my Turtle Beach Elite 800s.
Headset Is made With High Quality Material And Gaming Performance Is Excellent
Awsome best quality headset in my opinion. Charging station is great.
much better than the previous model. this is completely wireless.
I LOVE my astro a50s I have owned a lot of head phones and these are keepers
Bought the head set for my boyfriend and he loved them uses them everyday!
Can’t beat the Astro A50. Outstanding quality and preformance!
Very clear, adjustable fit, and great noise reduction.
Great sound but I def want the leather ear covers for more comfort
I love these headsets! The sound is amazing and the mic works great!
For convenience sake, wireless is good, the sound quality is awesome.
Excellent headset still runnning, buy it, built quality is amazing
Good headset has all the bells and whistles along with great durability
Easily set up with phenomenal sound. A must purchase for gamers.
Great headset. Well worth the price. Way more comfortable than turtle beach.
I love the desing, colors, sound, wireless, everything is perfect!
These are amazing. Sound great. Can play like I never have before.
Excellent audio. Great for gaming and or music. It’s a must have!!!
Awesome sound, good quality, long play time with rechargeable battery.
One of the best head set on the market and love the sound quality
Great Headset, nice clarity. Easy set up. Wish it came with stand.
They sound great stay on for 15+ hours great for gaming
A little pricey but the headset is awesome and sounds great
Great! Easy setup and great sound quality and works well with online chats.
Great sound, sound is way better than the last generation! Glad I upgraded.
Good sound and durability!! Used on PlayStation 4 and with computer games!
Sound good and outside noise reduction. Would recommend.
I have had these headsets for 6 months, so I have them for a little while. These headsets have a really amazing sound quality especially with the dolby 7.1 turned on. You will have to adjust the mic and headset setting through the app as well as updates them all through your computer. these are a big headset and they fit a little loose even on my head and its fairly large. I wish they would create an app for Xbox so that updates and headset adjustments can be done through the game system but itll work fine the way it is. Initially I had connectivity issues but I fixed it by adjusting my dual band wireless internet router which was interfering with it. You will have to adjust the channels in the setting of your dual band router if you have one, because this headset runs off a 5ghz frequency. I ordered the premium noise cancelation upgrade that are sold separately and the headset does cause the ears to get warm with them. I do wish that they included these with the headset though because youre already spending $300 and they were another $50. All in all Im a satisfied with them though.
Using this headset provides an enhanced gaming experience like no other of its kind. Astro a50 delivers quality and reliability. Definitely worth every shiny penny spent on it ...
Best I’ve owned it is well worth the money no doubt!!!!
Works just fine with the Xbox one elite controller .
Headset is awesome. You no longer need a cord to the controller.
These headphones are incredible and great price for them
I would buy another one anytime, this thing is great
Excellent sound and great battery life, good for pc and ps4
I have had a lot of gaming headphones these by far are the best
Its good and the sound is very nice I would recommend it
Great game enhancement !Sound are incredible! Great purchase
very good quality i like it, i would recomended this
I bought these as a gift apparently they work great.
Great sound, comfortable to wear and easy to set up.
Bought this as a gift for a friend and he loves it
My son loved this headset and great quality built.
Dont waste time on other headsets.This is worth the price.
Best sound quality very comfortable long battery life
By far one of the best head sets my son has ever owned
Great sound, great fit, no cords to get in the way.
Sound is awesome can hear people creeping up behind
I don’t think you can get any hits it better than This
It’s awesome, love the quality of sound it produces.
Great headset for pro gamers. Sounds nice and clear
I love these things one of the best headsets eve!!!!
Purchased this headset for a gift; still uses it on the PS4.
Love the product, you really get into the games!!!
High quality for the price. Great sound while gaming.
Easy to use. Good for Xbox and PC. Great sound quality
This wireless headset performs exactly as advertised! :)
Just buy it. It is worth your entire weeks paycheck. Do it.
A little pricey but well worth it. Quality is great.
This headset is awesome. Great sound, and very comfortable.
Works really well worth every penny. Truly wireless love it
You Hear Sounds you did not hear even with a surround system
Bought as a pre Christmas gift. Son loves the quality of it.
Sounds better than I thought. Worth the extra money
Great headsets for the full and part time gamer!!!
I can hear everything as if i were there. Expectations met.
These are a great set of headphones and sound really good.
I Like the Astro A50 they are great to play video games .
Excellent product and works as it should bestbuy is great
Had many headsets by far the greatest one! Would recommend!
The greatest wireless headphones for work, games, and TV.
Son loved them. He uses them primarily for XBox gameplay.
Love this headset. Been great since I bought them.
Can hear literally everything going on during game
Better than turtle beach. Easiest uses of all the headsets
Best sound quality. great battery life. love docking station
These are simply the best out. Very comfortable and adjustable to your like. Buy them!!!
Great product,  great price, great sound and quality.
The best headset I bought for my son on his Birthday. They were expensive but thats what you pay for the best. There static free. My son loves these.
Purchased these for my boyfriend for Fathers day & he LOVESSSS them . says they are very comfortable . only thing is make sure they are properly placed on the charging station
Great sound, best headset out there! Expensive but worth it
I love the sound quality for multiplayer gaming. The only issue I had was with the charging station. They were very difficult to begin charging.  I replaced the charging base and problem solved!
I’m not a gamer but my son loves them said the quality of sound is very good
Best decision I’ve ever made. If you have the chance to purchase
My son loves these things there a lot of money but work well
I have always played Xbox with the stock microphone. I finally decided to shop for a headset and landed on this one due to the comfort and the wireless ability. I had some issues with the charging at first, but found that it was just user error. The headset has to be placed just right on the docking station to work, and will shift with a slight bump. The docking station could be a bit more sturdy.
These astro’s are great don’t have to worry about wires all in my way. The sound is great you can customize to what you want to hear. Feel great around my ears
Worth the money, looking forward to still using this headset in 5 years.
Good quality, excellent sound, nice to have for my son
My son loves them uses them all the time. You can hear other players very clearly.
Little expensive but the best headset and quality by far, sound is amazing
The best Headset and very comfortable. Decent battery life. Easy plug and play as well as looks good!
Great sound and the microphone clarity is a surprise. Immersive sound experience.
These headphones are great. They are very comfortable for long term use and a great option for wireless. If you don’t mind wired go with the A40s though. The A50s have great sound and the base is really nice since it gives you a battery display and charged them. The only issue it has is it will occasionally cut sound briefly. Not sure why. Read online it could have to do with the port on my 5g wireless, but I changed the port and it still happens. It isn’t so frequent it or bothersome but it is odd that a headset this expensive has this issue at all.
Lest me start off by saying. This headset is absolutely amazing! The only down side is the range isn’t the best. When me and my squad are in a intermission it cuts out if I walk out of my game room
So far this headset has been great. They are more comfortable and heavy duty then any Turtle beaches i have worn. The sound quality is also amazing on them.
This headset is one of the best in the gaming world! However, it’s also over the top in pricing.  And honestly it’s not worth it. Yes they are great, and it will randomly disconnect for a sec or two at times, but it’s still overall pretty nice to have. The problem is, these cost over $300!!! Nearly as much as a system. If you can afford these, then great!!! If not, you can surly purchased something more  affordable. You may not get what the Astros have to offer, but most at half the price to exactly the same thing. L
Always loved astros and only issue I have with these is that they cut off every now and then and I really dont mess with my router settings so its personal. Other than that love the headphones
4.5/5 great product. Next level sound but occasional connectivity issues
My Son loves the Headset. It is perfect for gaming and it is definitely noise canceling.
Sounds quality is very good, they are very comfortable, they build quality is also good they dont feel cheap they feel premium
Best headset out there! Great battery life and comfortable! Highly recommend
Best headset for the price. Wish it can with noise canceling mods.
These go really loud. They solved the problem I had with other headsets not being loud enough. But there is no mute toggle! Sure you can lift the mic strait up and then the mic is muted but who in the world wants to do that? There is no cord to plug from headset to controller. This one small tiny thing is HUGE! I have a noisy house and I dont want everyone to hear my noisy house. These are ideal for people that dont have any family or have time to be flipping the mic up and down every single time they want to mute the mic all while playing the game. Taking your hand off the controller to mute the mic takes away from competitive play of course. The comfort is good, but not as comfortable as the Hyper X cloud stinger that are only $50, but lack volume loudness. The controller volume adapter becomes useless since its not connected to the headset. Its hard to believe they made a great headset but left out a very important detail. The creators of the headset must not do any gaming at all. All they would have had to do is provide the option to plug the headset into the controller adapter, thats it, then these would be supreme. Unfortunately  I will have to return them for lacking a very basic function. Reminds me of all the TVs out there that dont have headphone jacks. Every TV should have a headphone jack. And every wireless headset should have a optional headphone jack.
The sound is good they feel good but get a hot over time no air in or out . Batt seen to be good i have used them for around 12 hours be for recharge. Yes i am old so i do stay on for 12 hours at a time playing civ6 or star citizen. I can go get a Mt. dew and still hear whats going on. They do what i want wish better air flow.
Great headset no issues very comfortable. Would recommend for the 24/7 gamer!
Love them , they work great and are very comfortable
Ive been through a lot of headsets but these truly are the top of the line... The sound is truly incredible.  I am hearing things jn my games if never heard before. Totally worth the price.
Perfect for my boyfriend’s computer set up. Totally recommend
Best Headphones you will find. Have used multiple different brands and have found these to be the best!
Great gaming headphones. They work well, easy to setup and has good battery life. I like the look and feel of them better than some of the less expensive ones,  but I dont know if that alone is worth the price difference .
The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because you have to be very careful how you place them on the charging stand, or else they will not charge.  Otherwise, they are fine for my 12-year-old.
You need to connect to the pc and Xbox for an awesome experience
Loved these so much I bought it for both Xbox and PS4.
It works just as advertised the absolute best quality I’ve had and I’ve been gaming for a little over a decade now. Extremely satisfied with these wish I would of got these to begin with and skipped the a40’s
I picked these up as a replacement for turtle beach 800 elites, sound is good out of the box but you have to load the Astro app on your computer and update your headset then the sound can be fine tuned. They are comfortable but ear covers and head padding is low end but of course they will sell you a upgraded set of pads. The boom mic works well, just have to adjust to correct distance to mouth. Of course they are still new to me but good so far. The instruction manual is lacking and they only send one micro usb cable but you need two so you don’t have to keep removing the one they give you from base and gaming system so you can update headphones
Good!very good headset.great for gamers.really good sound.
the sound is amazing and the controls and software is amazing and easy to use and are very comfortable,  and the charging dock is awesome
I’ve tried all the high end gaming headset and this one ranks as the best out of all the headsets in this high end price range. Only downfall I dislike is the battery life .
Good quality, sound and easy to set up on top of it all
Its a good headset but it could be more simple to set up and to you for all the money it is worth
Great build quality and sound! Blows any other headset I’ve tried out the water!
I love everything about this headset! The sound just blew me away! A little pricey, but well worth the money!
From the second you take them out and hold them in your hands it feels like premium material and very soft earphones. A bit heavier than what I’m used to but better quality normally means that. I’d really rate these 4.7 stars if I could and not 5. Only because the only way to adjust how high or low you want to split your chat to game volume overall. Is to dock the headphones and plug them into your laptop and visit the website. And they only come with like 10% battery out the box and it takes 8 hours for a full charge that’s legit torture for a gamer trying to finally use their brand new headphones but after that no issues 10/10.
These are super comfortable and have great sound. Great for online gaming.
Great headset. Love the ease of use and charging. Sound quality is amazing
Great purhcase, holds great sound using with my PRO and PC
My son loves it for his gaming. He wanted a newer version of what he had so we upgraded.
This is a great product. I’d tell anyone to buy it.
I love my headset!  I do wish the setup was a little easier, but I always manage to get through it.
Audio quality is amazing, very comfortable, very easy to setup.
This headset was worth every penny! My husband loves it. He loves the quality of sound and that it is wireless!
Great gamers headsets. You can hear the footsteps behind you.i sometimes have to make several adjustments while putting them back on the charging station though
I loved this headset when I bought it and had it for 13days until I realized the new A50 was coming out in August so I decided to return and get my money back to use towards new one. Its amazing I loved it! Was really hard to return it.
This headset is a high quality product. It brings the gaming experience to a whole new level for my son. It is so fantastic that we  purchased a second one for his best friend. It is used day in and day out and has stood up to the test.
this headset is way better as far as sound quality goes than my turtle beaches I had. The mixing is very nice and the noise canceling is wonderful.
Great product only downside it that it doesnt have blue tooth connectivity
Great product! Easy to use, worth the extra money spent!
Its important to remember to have the sound settings correct before starting a game. Otherwise, itll throw you off.
I’ve had 3 headsets, all mid range, and decided to actually upgrade. Best decision I ever made. This handles every noise in great detail and are very comfortable when I play a lot as well.
Comfortable, great quality, and the best headphones for gaming. My husband had been wanting these headphones for a while and it’s the best purchase I’ve made
Overall the head set is amazing l. The sound quality is amazing.
sound is excellent lightweight very comforable easy to connect
One of the best investments ive ever made when it comes to using for my game system.
You very much for like you in the game is loud its enjoyable its comfortable like it very much
Use for my gaming PC. This is the best and favorite of all the headsets that I have purchased. Good sound and great value for the price. I would buy again and recommend
Love everything about the headset great battery life, decent mic quality,  and a pretty good range. My only complaint is the ear cushions suck for what ever reason. Theyre too soft and they start to hurt after excessive use. The a40s have more firm ear cusion and they work much better for long sessions but other than that these headsets are great
hands down one of the best headsets you can buy for your Xbox! very comfortable, amazing sound and they are wireless!
works perfectly, love these headphones. everything is as advertised
It’s a good headset for sure.  They sound amazing . But I have been having some issues with the lightning bolt blinking red or staying red,  and I have done a reset multiple times with no solution.  I thought sometimes it just doesn’t want to connect to the console.  Unfortunately I am not in the time period to return the headset, anymore. So I really don’t know what to do anymore
My friends have been saying that my mic echo please help
