I’ve had this headset since October 2016. I’ll start with what I like about these headphones. -For me the comfort has been stellar. I really like open air headphones and the pads on these really breathe well. It’s got enough adjustment in the height but I am maxing it out. Definitely try these on in store if you have a big head. I can wear these for hours without any issues. They are also light considering their size. -Sound quality has been amazing in games and in Xbox Party Chat. The surround sound works great and the on ear controls are simple enough that you can make quick adjustments on the fly. -Battery life is also top notch. I’ve never run out of battery with all day gaming sessions. They turn off automatically after about 15 seconds of no head movement. They’re sensitive enough to know they’re on your head or when laying down. Even with sound playing, if you’re not using my them they’ll turn off. So far I’ve never found this intrusive and they turn back on pretty quickly with just a little a movement. And for what I don’t like. -The base station can be fiddly. There is line of sight issues with the headphones and base station. This did get noticeably better after a firmware update but it’s still there. It’s jarring to be in the middle of dialogue and your sound nd keeps cutting out. I’ve managed to find a spot that works but this could be a serious problem for many folks who don’t have space to have it in full view of the headset.I’ve also had an issue once where the headset disconnected and I struggled for hours to get them re paired with the base by following the instructions. It was a pain enough that I almost returned them. You also need to make sure when you set the headet down in the base that you see it’s charging. Not too much of an annoyance but make sure they’re charging for your next gaming session. -Destiny and Destiny 2 fireteam chat does not work with these headphones. This has become a problem enough that I’m looking at replacing them. I play with friends primarily through Xbox party chat but when hopping in with others in my clan or people clip groups, I can hear them but the game will not pickup my audio. Other than an Astro rep saying this appeared to be a Bungie issue, I couldn’t find any movement on a fix since Destiny 1 and when these were released. For Destiny players though I would strongly advise looking elsewhere. For this price point I am not sure I can recommend these. With the base station issues I’ve had plus lack of in game destiny chat, there may be better headphones for less.
First I had very high hopes for these earphones. Lets start with what Astro promised. They first came out and said that you would be able to buy two base stations so if you had an Xbox or a Playstation you can buy another station so you can use the same earphones for both devices. Lie! I have looked everywhere even on Astoros website that is not available. Second they say you should get 15 hours of playing time. I get about 10 hours. Third every time I use the earphones on my Xbox I have to switch the button to PC back to Xbox then do it again just to get my Xbox to recognize the headset. Yes I have done all the software updates. Still does the same thing. I have hardly ever written a bad review about anything. Save your money. Do not go through the pain!
Let me start off by saying this is the best sounding headphones I have ever used in my life! That being said, this is the worst connectivity issues I have had with headphones!  I tried reaching out to Astro but only received an email saying that logitech bought them out so now I have to wait until the transition merger is completed!  I went and swap these out thinking there was a defect, luckily I purchased the Best Buy warranty By the way Best Buy did awesome and try to make it right by giving me a new set. But the same problem persists. I think my next step will be reaching out to Best Buy for an alternative product as I spent somewhere like $300-$400 on these.
I read reviews and saw the price and figured this would be a great product. I was completely wrong. The main issues are that my voice while gaming will always at some point morph and i become inaudible. My friends say it sound like im an alien. I have to turn them on and off while playing in oder to fix this. The second issue is that i cant take the headphones off the dock prior to the xbox turning on. If i do then the headphones will be muted and the only way ive found to fix this is actually having to unplug the xbox. Turning it on and off wont fix it. The sound is good, but i had less expensive headphones on my xbox 360 and they sounded the same to me.
I love the charging dock. Its comfortable and has excellent sound quality. However the wireless interferes with the signal of the wireless Xbox One controller. Within a couple hours of using it my controller disconnected 6 times and acted like it reconnected. But there was no button inputs. The only way to fix it was to remove the battery from my controller. Did some research and its a common problem with this headset. And apparently theres no fix to it. A pretty major problem.
The battery life is extremely poor and nowhere near what’s claimed. I’ve only had them for a month, and if I want to use them I have to plug them in to a usb cord I use to charge controllers near my couch. I made the mistake of also buying a second dock, so I could use them on both of my consoles. This is the LAST time Astro will get any money from me! They have a lot of happy customers so I’m sure this problem isn’t being taken too seriously, but I’m definitely not the only person who’s had it. Check their own forums.
First headset I bought mic wouldnt work at all. Did the update on firmware like Astro suggested and then the headset wouldnt power on again. Returned the headset for a second pair. They worked well for the first day. Put on base to charge overnight and next day the mic wouldnt work. Went online to see if there was something I had missed in set up or a fix for the problem. Wish I had read reviews before I bought these because I saw this was a common problem and not any solutions. For $300 there shouldnt be any problems like this. I returned the second set getting my money back.
After four days with this headset, I am extremely unsatisfied. When I opened the box thenfirst problem was with the manual, they sent me the xbox one manual rather than the proper ps4 one. After I properly set it up, there was a jarring metallic sound in surround sound mode, almost as if you were listening to it through a metal drum. The final nail in the coffin was after I hooked it up to the Astro Command app. While hooked up, I discovered the Equalizer switch was broken. The level of quality of this headset is fine for a $60 one. But for $300, that is just unacceptable.
This headset only worked for about two hours. I purchased these for my xbox as they tend to have good reviews and theyre totally wireless. Around two hours into a session, the headset shut off and would not come back on or accept a charge despite many troubleshooting attempts. Apparently this is a known issue that can sometimes be corrected but not in my case. All firmware was up to date as well so no issues there. I returned these and chose to spend my money on something else.
The first day I had it my microphone sounded really muffled to all of my friends. The second day the Dolby surround sound sounded like it was playing through a tin can. Then on the third day it wouldnt turn on at all. I went back to get a refund and just got the a cheaper headset that works BETTER. I previously had a Razer Kraken 7.1 Chroma which was great but the cable frayed mad quick. Do more research before instantly picking the Astro a50s. - youtube.com/jttechno22
This thing constantly cuts out for a few seconds. I sit RIGHT next to the receiver so there should be almost no interference, especially at this 5GHz band. I gave up and ended up buying a Yeti mic and now Im in the market for a different wireless headset. Ive gone through 4 other Astro A50s thanks to Best Buys Geek Squad protection. They keep "redesigning" it, but the new system with a huge base doesnt seem any better than the previous model.
Bought it followed the directions and the Xbox does not recognize the headset. I can hear sound but no mic. went through all the online stuff no answers call them and was told to open a ticket and someone would get back to me in 24 to 48 hours. totally unacceptable I bought it and want to use it now.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
So the base does not charge the headphones really good... you constantly need to keep it plug in to what you are working with (ps4 or pc) to make it work. I have my pc upstairs and ps4 downstairs so I have to bring the base up or down to work it “wirelessly” I wish I can get my money back. Quality and everything is good....
the sound and the changable parts is awesome. but the mic on mine was broken ether broken or think it was very bad i mean my friends said i sounded like i was talking to them inside a cardboard box. so i returned it. i later found out from forums that the 300$ headset had a cheap mic. tape recorder quality. dont buy worth spending you money on a cheaper better headset than this.
Astro made some good changes to the A50s, however there there is still a issue with Dolby surround sound that make it sound tinny echo ish. The A40 Trs have the same problem and Astro is acting likethey know nothing. On top of a whole host of other issues with the gen3 A50s i can not recommend these . Do yourself a favor and head over to the Astro fourms and sub reddit before you buy.
I got this headset because a friend reccomended it to me. It was one of the worst headsets I have ever used. I thought that there might be a factory defect but after returning them and getting a new set the problem still existed. It definitely isnt surround sound like it says it is.
I have always been an Astro fan, had a40s on Xbox 360 and upgraded to the gen1 a50s for Xbox 360. Never had a problem. I bought these a50s and after 3 days they would disconnect constantly and not charge sometimes. Tons of the same reviews online. I wouldn’t pay 50$ for these let alone 300$
Be aware buyers! This expensive piece of headphones, even though comfortable and sounds decent, the audio cutting out every few minutes gets really really annoying. Apparently there is no firmware update out there that will fix it and the support gives you now help!
The battery drains regardless if they are on or off. If i fully charge it and leave it off and unplugged the next day they will be near dead or dead. Always must put them on cradle when not using even if its fully charged. Very annoying. $300 should get you something better then this.
I had the gen 1 a50 for years, so I decided to upgrade to the newest gen.gen 1 I could go 40 thru anything and it wouldnt cut out. gen 3 if you dont have lone of site if the receiver, Im talking 7 feet it cuts outonly good thing is that it has drivers now.
I bought these headphones for my husband’s birthday. He was so excited to use it. The quality and sound was great on the first day. But on the second day it just stop working. It won’t even charge or turn on. So disappointed.
I will never get Astros ever again. I just wanted to connect and play, but it took along time to connect. Also after o did all the steps, the Astros were still not connected. Never again. Rigs are better.
I’m a huge gamer and I’ve had this head set for a little under a year and it constantly disconnects. Theirs lag on the headset and their customer service doesn’t help or care.
This headset suffers from horrible sound cutouts every 10 minutes for about 2-3 seconds. I sent my headset into the get it serviced and they just sent the same headset back. Big waste of $300 dollars, do not buy.
I’ve had two different pair of A50s and they have both stopped working. The company will not stand behind the product either. Avoid Astro and save $300. I promise if you buy these they will stop working.
Others say Im too quiet or loud. Ppl in chat can hear themselves echo thru my headset. Shouldnt have these issues when spending 300
The headset doesnt even charge when I connect them. Ive tried readjusting them and they dint charge. I even downloaded the software and my computer wont recognize that they are even connected.
I returned this product within days because the microphone did not work well. Very disappointed because the set got great reviews.
I bought these for my son for Christmas. Wish I would have purchased the extra coverage. They are junky for $250.00. The mic is already messed up. FRUSTRATED
I was only able to use this one time & after the second time using it the microphone stop working. Worse purchase ever!
Bought this headset. Thought it would be a good premium item for the money. Had it for 4 days stopped working. Stores dont carry them cant exchange them. BS stay away
Item was terrible and mic quality terrible. Went through troubleshooting and chat with Astro where they admitted it was bad quality and recommended I return it
Headset is difficult to dock for charging. Currently developed an issue where it does not pair with the docking station. Returning for warranty.
Apparently there was a battery issue with the headset. Geek squad immediately fixed the issue with a replacement and they have been working well since.
i jad so many issues with the astro a50 i saw on youtube every one has the same problem stay away, not wroth the 300 price tag at all
Im used to having the Wired ones because they deliver more Bass and sound. The wireless ones dont for some reason
Sounds like ur playing in a cave underwater. Arctis pro or man of war is better
Did not work well. Sound quality was poor and mic did not work
Dont work as advertised and are do not connect well
The product was heavy and if I turned my head away from the receiver it would loss volume
Headset keeps cutting in and out. Mic doesnt work
Says battery will last 15 hours it don’t like 7 hours maybe
Sent headphones to my son in the airforce didnt work.
If you have any 5.0 internet that your using wireless. It’s going to interfere with your headset. Sadly I bought these then started working out of town so I never got to use them until 4 months after I purchased them. So I believe I can’t return them anymore. I’d go with the wired a40s
This headset is not what every other comment leads you to believe. The audio quality is decent at best and the bass is completely pathetic. They feel heavy after about an hours use and is extremely overpriced. I HIGHLY recommend getting the G933 over this for not only quality, but its less than half the price...
Over the years, thanks to best buys geek squad protection, Ive gone through about 6 different a50 headsets from gen 1 to gen 3. Not worth the price for their quality. They always seem to have some sort of syncing issue or mic issue. And their sound compared to this the SteelSeries - Arctis Pro is bleh. Those basically block all your sound and they just sound so much more full and accurate compared to the a50s. Glad I finally decided to use the warranty to move to different pair. I always get the geek squad protection on headphones/headsets/earbuds because of the amount of daily use and abuse they get, its a little more expensive up front, but worth it in the long run. If you dont want to wait for the manufacturers warranty to look at it,you just eat the warranty fee and get your money back for broken ones and use it towards new ones and just buy a new warrant on that one. Issues Ived run into over the years on a50s:Mic muting issue, if you use the hardware mic flip up to mute, something goes wrong and sometimes keeps you mutued, you have to restart the headset to fix them.Syncing Issue - They randomly unsynced from its base and I would need to go through multiple steps of removing the drivers, unplugging the base station, trying to reset the pairing, just all sorts of troubleshooting to get them back online.Over Charging them could lock them in a state with no sound - Some days I leave my headset plugged in to charge and use them at the same time or some times I put it on the base and leave them there for awhile, in any case they end up "over charging" and will not pair to ANYTHING until you wait for the headset to drain completely. The QC on astros sucks, the longevity of them also suck for the price. Give these steelseries a try, and if you dont like them, return them or use the warranty down the road to get different ones. Keep in mind I havent had the SteelSeries for more than a month, so Ill update my review on their longevity if they have issues. (Yes I also review the SteelSeries - Arctis Pro)
Comfort:The Headset itself is remarkable when it comes to comfort! I love the head comforter on the top and the after having the HEADSET ON YOUR HEAD FOR SEVERAL HOURS it wasnt bothering me much at all! The headset doesnt bother as much as the PlayStation Gold or Elite Headsets do and those bother me after about an hour of gameplay however the AR50s are almost perfect when it comes to comfort! The headset also has quite a large expansion setting so I guess anyone from a 6 years old girl to The Incredible Hulk could put this thing on and it would fit comfortably well.And distance you can step away from the Base Station is remarkable! Holy cow! I have a yard that is 2 acres wide and I find myself going outside with my dogs as I watch them when I let them out and mind you my PlayStation 4 Pro is over an Acre away and two rooms into the house and I can still clearly hear all my friends still playing there games while they wait for me with letting the dogs out. But this thing is INSANE when it comes to how far away from the system you can be when you walk away from the system! Its freaking amazing and the Sound is still top notch!!!Cons: SOUND OPTIONS & Overall BASE STATION DESIGN!Positive on Sound:Amazing sound perhaps the best sound Ive heard in a long time. However I never was able to turn the VOICE CHAT up or down and it seemed to be always be in sink with the game sound. Negative on the Sound Option:Basically I wish there were two sound options like the official Sony PlayStation Gold and Elite headsets have. Meaning: one UP & DOWN options for VOICE sound and Another UP & DOWN option for Game Sound. But this headset doesnt have that option like the Sony Headsets do.Positive on BASE STATION:The actual Headset istelf when its in its seated spot is great and it does charge amazingly! Negative on BASE STATION:I really wish I could have this head set back but I had to return it because the CHARGING station is horribly designed! I can only stress to anyone that owns this headset to PLEASE BE EXTRA CAREFUL WHEN PLACING THE HEADSET INTO ITS CHARGING STATION!!!! I found that the headset doesnt place back into its slots correctly in the BASE STATION. If your not careful when placing the headset back in its charging station you can possibly cause the metal CHARGERS that stick up that charge the headset to snap off leaving you with a Charging Station that doesnt charge the headset anymore.FINAL THOUGHTS:The last part though is the reason why I wont buy another one of these headsets! And I wont buy another one until they FIX the actual BASE STATION DESIGNS! Those small tips CAN BREAK SO BE CAREFUL when placing the headset into its BASE STATION!
Audio quality - 9/10Build - 8/10Mic - 4/10My previous headsets were Astro A40, Tritton AX Pro, Turtle Beach PX4 and Elite 800. I can honestly say that with respect to audio quality it would be a tossup between the AX Pro and A50s for my favorite sounding cans. The A50s just sound amazing whether Im playing the last of us, division, Titanfall 2 it all sounds awesome. My last pair was the PX4, while good it wasnt great. The bass was lacking and the highs were overly sharp sometimes. With the A50s the bass is low and strong but not distorted even at high volumes and treble sounds nice and sharp if not a bit warm. The great thing is that all this is adjustable with the downloadable software(WIN or OS X). My main gripe is with the mic, like with my old a40s great audio mediocre mic. Ive checked my connections, settings, firmware and what not but I still come through like Im in a tunnel while crinkling newspaper. Maybe I got a bad mic but Ill never know since the mic is no longer user replaceable. I have a pretty big head and these fit great but when I go to put them on the base stand they dont seat properly when fully stretched out. So every time I put them on the base station I need to push them in a bit and then refit my massive dome again when I put them on. When the power switch is physically in the off position and the A50 is in the base station it still plays audio. I only play play on PS4 but if your a multi system user say XBOX1 and PS4 youll need a specific base station for each system but you can use the same headset. As is itll work with the PS4 and a PC.For $300 I expect things to work and things like the mic to be user replaceable. If I only played by myself and was never going to talk to anyone then I would keep them. My friends and I are scattered all over the world and we play games to keep in touch so mic quality is very important to me. The A50s will be going back and Ill probably get the SteelSeries Siberia 800.
After building a new racing rig I needed a completely wireless headset and as most know, they are in short supply. Purchased an A20 and after having the known mic issues I returned and purchased the A50. The good: Excellent sound quality. Bass is respectable. I am an audio snob and was skeptical about the surround implementation but it works surprisingly well. The headset is definitely more comfortable than the A20.The bad: Dont ever run the battery down. It takes forrrrever to charge. There are a lot more audio drop outs on my A50 compared to my 20. Not a deal breaker but worth noting. The docking stand is a freaking nightmare. It literally takes a handful of tries to get it to sync with the base and start charging. I much prefer the simplicity of the plug and done A20 setup. The biggest complaint I have though is the fact the mic continually has issues. I have to shut down the xbox and restart almost every time I get online to play. The audio works fine but the mic is inop until you do a shutdown/restart. Because of this I would have to recommend either sticking with the A20, or looking at another brand. For the price of this unit, it shouldnt suffer from these quirks.
I had the Astro A40s before the A50s and decided it was time for something wireless... My experience might be unique but the A40s were pretty straight forward and I could always count on them no matter what.The A50s in the other hand weren’t as practical. Yes having a wireless headset is nice, especially when you decide to leave the room you’re in. Buuuuuuutttt... Here’s what I dislike about the A50sFor starters I had to change the frequency on my router so there wasn’t any interference. Headset was cutting in and out due to being on the same channel.Two. The charging base has a very flawed design. I find myself trying to dock it several times before it picks up the headset is there to charge. This has been frustrating because I don’t walk away from it until it looks like it set on the base correctly to then come back the next day and there’s barely any charge on the headset. Also, it takes forever to chargeThe sound quality is good but I’d rather take a wired headset and avoid the hassle. Hope this helps!
Initial set up was fine and quick. Audio quality is pretty standard. Comfort is amazing. My main issue is that this thing, outside of a quick start guide, has no real directions. I bought this for an Xbox One. It really should be pretty straight forward for a console accessory, but nope. It somehow unpaired. Ok... common issue with headphones... but the headache comes with trying to fix it. There are no real directions on how to quickly and simply re pair the headphones with base... So you have to go on their website... not helpful at all. Had to go and Google search for some basic troubleshooting resolutions... Which involves downloading software on a PC and all of this nonsense. I am sorry, but if you are making console accessories, you need to make these resolutions not dependent on a PC and easily accessible on your site. I would not recommend to a friend. Some people are not tech savvy. Some people do not own a PC. Others are children, with parents are busy. And others, like myself, just want to come home pop the headphones on and play games. Not spend an hour doing all of this. 3 for overall quality. Really want to give it a 2 star for the headache, but I will be reasonable.
So overall it is a great headset, sound is good, charge time takes awhile but battery lasts a long time. Microphone automatic turn on when you flip it down is awesome, and the charging base station is cool too. The reason I only gave it 3 stars is because of two huge annoyances. I have a soundbar hooked up to my TV through HDMI for Dolby Atmos. You CAN NOT have this headset plugged in at the same time as the soundbar otherwise you can not use Dolby ATMOS. Its hard to believe the way they xbox is that it can not recognize each one as separate like it does in the settings aka one is a headset, the other is a soundbar, but I think it has to do with the dock that comes with the headset that plugs in via optical.So what you have to do to use dolby atmos sound through soundbar you have to take the power cord out of the base station of the headset, go into settings, and re setup your soundbar. To switch back to the headset you have to deconfigure dolby atmos and plug headset back in. You would think for the price you pay for these you do not have to worry about that. Major pain in the butt that should be fixed.
1st, I want to say the pros of these headset is the sound quality. Play battlefield and you will swear you are in the battle as huge thunderous explosives go off around you and bullets fly past you. I would still own this if its wasnt for the issues I was having which I looked up online and is just part of owning these headphones.Slow Charging:Will take you hours and hours to charge go to work, come home and it will be charged.Sound not working after waking from Sleep:Several times I took a break, came back and woke up the headphones no sound. To fix, unplug the USB and replug and your good.Finicky Dock:The issues with this dock is out of control. You have to have the headphones at the right length & on the conntacts correctly to charge. Major Connection issues:One evening these for whatever reason completely died even they turn off after a few secs of not being used. Connected them to USB and to pc Nothing. Connect to dock for a bit then tried USB to pc nothing. Wouldnt turn on. Had to charge overnight to work.Again I really wanted to keep these but if your spending this kind of money, go with an other option. I returned these to best buy and paid a few more dollars and got the Arctis Pro Wireless Surround headset. $329 vs the $299 of the Astro 50 so $30 more but I believe better sound, and give you DTS and Dolby surround with spare battery that charges in the dock so your never down. My 2cents
I have the Astro A50s, along with a base for PS4 and another for Xbox. They work great on the PS4 - good sound quality, no connectivity issues, decent (not great) battery life. On the Xbox, however, they have been nothing but a hassle. I have tested this in my environment with 3 different headsets - the Plantronics Rig 800LX SE, the Turtle Beach XP500, and the Astro A50. No issues with the first two; the A50s cause constant controller disconnects on the Xbox One. Its sporadic, and probably some combination of WiFi interference and the headset changing channels to find a stronger connection, but when it happens (which is almost every time I use the A50s), the controller will randomly disconnect during play, and I will have to pop the batteries out and reinsert them to get it to reconnect. I have tried moving the base further from the console, replacing the USB cable with one that has better shielding, and different controllers, to no effect. The base station is up to date with the latest firmware, the Xbox is connected via wired ethernet, and my router is on the other side of the house. This is, needless to say, a deal-breaker in single player games, and completely enraging in a multiplayer game when the A50s are the reason you lose a match you were winning. For what the headset cost, especially with a second base station, it feels like a complete waste of money.
I hate to say this but this was the biggest mistake I ever bought. I returned them within the first week. I loved my old astro A50s and to be honest love most Astro headsets because of how comfortable they are and the sound. My biggest problems have been that for the xbox model they are not bluetooth which makes them have a terrible interfernece in my house and constantly disconnects (this happened with my old A50s as well) I bought these thinking no way could I have the same problem. I was wrong they still disconnected so much that it then froze! Once it froze the headset would no longer work. I couldnt turn them up or Turn them down, It wouldnt even take a hard reset. So I reached out to Astro customer support and guess what? Its a joke. They took four days to email me back as they dont have a call in number. Then told me to hard reset them in the first email which I had already told them I did. They then sent me another email that said due to holidays returns will be postponed 4 - 6 weeks. Thank you best buy for taking them back! Best advice I would give you if your looking for a true wireless headset for Xbox is dont. I own the Turtle beach Stealth 800x and they are full true wireless, They are also uncomfortable! Just get the Astro A40 wired. hope that helps you
Okay, so Ive been gaming for some time and well like everyone we know or hear that Astro headsets are the best on the market for gaming. Ive bought other headset when I was on xboxlive for example tritons and turtle beach headsets and with Sony I bought the pulse and the gold. Ialso own DNA and have a pair of drebeats so I know the difference in a good headset. These A50 are amazing so comfy.... 2 weeks in the problem starts you need the firmware update okay fine I update them due to the fact that my ps4 is no longer picking up any signal from them nor charging them. Update done bam they work again great a week goes by and nope they dont work no more same issue. I hard reset them nada I send a ticket in nada. Im told I should send them in to have them fixed.... fixxed? Really, I just bought them and theyre already garbage after a week worth of use and 2 months of owning them. They should just ship a new pair and take the old ones for how mich they cost nope Im told they will have to fix them and return them to me after 2 weeks besides having to wait for shipping. Nope, I respond to Astro no Im just going to return them get my money back and stay clear of their trash of a headset and will post up a review of the over hyped headset. Look they are good while they are working but, honestly not worth the headache and the price if I buy something at a price tag like this I expect a replacement asap not the same broken item 2 to 4 weeks later I know Im not the only person out there who has had this experience with the Astro A50 gen1,2,3. Look into it there are videos of people with the same issues and blogs about save yourself the money and time go with a better product.
Bought these on 12-26-2016 to replace a pair of Turtle Beach 800s that were heavy and pinched my ears after a couple of hours of gaming. Let me first say I was very happy with these the 9 days that they worked. comfortable fit felt solid sounded great. I gamed and watched movies for about 25hours or so while I had them.. Then I was finishing a 4hour gaming session and went to put the headphones on the charger turned them off and the amber light did not come on saying they were charging. I noticed that sometimes I would have to adjust the headphones on the charger to make sure the connections lined up. Bad design choice Astro. Nothing so I turned them on and nothing. Tried plugging direct to usb and you guessed it nothing. I noticed that the left ear was starting to feel really hot so my guess is that is where the battery is and it had a malfunction. $300 headphones that lasted 9 days not good. I did read several forums discussing this exact issue so this is not an isolated issue. If your going to buy these search online for A50s not charging and read up on how many people have had problems with this headset. Hope this has been helpfull
Be wise and make another choice for your product. Beyond Geek Squad coverage for replacement from Best Buy, there is no good replacement/repair choice from Astro. If your Geek Squad runs out you are left to your own options. For $300, not worth it. I had one replacement from Geek Squad for a faulty USB charge port on the headset after about 14 months of use. Now after a bit longer than 2 years following replacement I was not offered a chance to upgrade my Geek Squad and the replacement headset (was a new unopened product at time of replacement) needs a battery replacement and there is no service Astro will provide. Their reply to my email for support was to purchase a new headset. Yet they do not offer just a headset, and that means they are telling you that you are left with purchasing a new headset. So save your money if you value spending $300 you wont get but just over 2 years out of this headset before you run into a problem or hopefully the problem occurs within your Geek Squad coverage if you should choose to make this purchase. Best of Luck.
I wanted a wireless headset with no problems connecting and operating it. This headset is very good sound, looks nice, and is comfortable for less then an hours usage. Unfortunately I get a headache after about an hour. Sometimes for some reason the power comes on ok but it wont connect or it connects and I can hear the game sounds and chat but no one can hear me. Other times it works just fine. Its about half-half. I have had this set for about 24 days and it doesnt seem to hold a charge. EX. Had it on charge for the last 24 hours. I got home turn on the xbox1. I could hear everything ok and then after 2 minutes it shut off and would not power back up. I then connected it to the charger and get one flashing white light. This indicates to me that the battery is discharged. I now have it plugged into the charger instead of sitting on it making contact. So overall this set is not only unreliable, I cant return it to the store because its over 14 days. So for $300 I have a new headset that wont charge. I would not recommend anyone buy this headset. This is way overpriced Junk!
Extremely disappointed with my purchase. For $300 these should work right out of the box. I have only been able to get my microphone to work maybe 2 times out of a dozen attempts now. Ive spent hours researching how to fix this, trying to fix this, and frustrating my friends by holding them up while I try to see if I fixed them. When the mic does work, my friends complain that I sound like a distant robot, even after modifying the settings using my computer. A gaming headset should have two primary features and should be judged the most harsh against those: the sound quality and the microphone quality. In game sound quality is great. But since my microphone doesnt work, these dont meet the basic functions of a gaming headset. Very disappointed and also past the 14 day return policy so Im stuck with overpriced headphones that only serve to play in-game sounds. Do not buy these unless you like wasting money.
The only thing that this headset had going for it was that it was comfortable. The battery life is terrible and does not last as long as Astro claims. The range of the headset is far less than other wireless headsets that cost far less.The sound is ok but even there headsets like senheiser and logitech are better. The one thing that I could not accept was the constant hissing or buzzing sound that came from the headset at all times. I contacted Astro and was told that it is normal. When you need silence in games etc and there is a constant buzzing or hissing its a deal breaker. Overall due to low battery life, low range from the base station and bad sound quality I could not recommend this headset and have returned it for a refund. Get a senheiser or HyperX !!!!
This headset is very comfortable and has great sound when it works. However, for me it cut out very frequently. There would be 3-5 second breaks in the sound ranging from 3-50 times per hour. I tested this set with two different playstations (original and Pro) and tried different optical cables and USB cables. I also reviewed Astro Gamings web site for the proper sound and chat settings on the PS4. However, these audio cut-outs were always there. My much cheaper PS4 Gold headset never has this problem.Reading other sources, it seems this is not an uncommon problem with the Gen 3 A50s on both the PS4 and the Xbox One. Id recommend waiting for clear evidence whatever is causing many people to have this issue is resolved before purchasing.
Will not connect to base after 2 months of owning. I thought that spending $322.49 on a premium headset would be a good investment....wrong... Astros have severe connection issues, no or little customer support, and you cannot return these headsets. The headsets sound great when they work, but would constantly get disconnected until finally one day they decided to never to connect again. Tried to root cause/troubleshoot myself, and you cannot find anything easily online for troubleshooting these headsets. They dont come with a manual, only a quick start guide. When you contact the customer service they speak to you like you are ignorant and dont know what you are talking about. Awful experience for the money, and I strongly recommend you get another type of headset.
Ive had these about a month and today is the fifth time Ive gone to use them and they have been completely dead. After the first time I started turning them off before placing them in the dock so that if they didnt charge for some reason they wouldnt at least be any worse than they were when I put them there. Nope, they end up being so dead they wont turn on even plugged in (unforgivable design flaw). This charging problem appears to be a common issue and its unacceptable that in a pair of headphones this expensive went to market and worse have not been fixed yet.When they work they are the best headphones I have tried out of the TB Stealth 400x, 800x and the A50 except for the fact that they dont have Bluetooth built in.
This are a wonderful headset. BUT Buyer Beware, get the extra protection. This is the second set I bought, after having the Xbox version for not 2 years. The microphone started to die last week and I contacted Astro and explained the problem. I was asked to provide all the SKU and model numbers, I did. Then I was told to update the firmware and adjust some settings, I did. The problem is still there and I was told there is nothing more they can do as they do not have a repair house. SO I am now stuck with a $300 headset with a mic that doesnt work. and Astro is telling me to buy a new set... I am going to buy a new set BUT IT WILL NOT BE FROM ASTRO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A40 TR Is much better go with them you wont have to worry about charging they and trying to put them on the garbage dock that never seems to want to charge the a50s. A50s battery sucks will die fast so they say to use a charging cord if you intend to play longer but the Cord isnt included with the price so that leaves you to spend more money and to top it off the Cord sucks it charges while you play but dont expect it to charge it all the way it will stay were you plugged it in at it never can recoup leaving you with a corded head set. If you intend to play for couple hours wirelessly and then want to play with a corded head set for rest of your time these are for you (not) go with the a40 tr cheaper and better
Couldnt edit my last submission so have to put through a new one. This headset has had issues left and right multiple times per week and now an issue where it wont even charge on the base station. I tried contacting Best Buy to get help and all they tell me since I am two weeks past the return period to take it to a store and see if they will make an exception (which isnt possible for me). I also tried contacting the manufacturer (no phone number, only form to fill out on website) and have not gotten a response. Been an Elite member for years and cant get any help. Best Buy has lost my business and so has Astro unless they come up with a miracle.
Im going to make this short and to the point. If you have a wifi router in your home you will get inconsistencies with the sound intermittently cutting out. No one on the other end could hear me on the mic while playing a game. Took it back and exchanged for Bluetooth turtle beach.
Used the Astro A50 gen 1 for 5 years, decided to get the Gen3 A50s had nothing but issues with it , no sound , horrible sound etc returned them for the steelseries wireless pro, Night and day difference
I did try this for pc just so everyone knows and everyone kept complaining about the mic quality saying I sounded worse. I used skype, discord, curse voice and even team speak and still got same response
Amazing sound when its working but for 300 bucks it should not lose the sound for a few seconds. Its the 2nd one in a row to do it, both A50.
I bought this for around 97 dollars & I still dont think it was that greatits the most comfortable headset it the market but the 300 dollar asking price is way to much
The headset is great on my end. But my friends cannot understand me on the mic. They say it’s very muffled and distorted. It was very expensive. I am going to return
amazing sound, truly amazing! but microphone does not work with xbox one unless buying the appropriate adapter. super lame was bummed out to find out i had to spend more money on these already very expensive headphones.
It is great with a desktop or a laptop; however, with the Slim PS4, it is more complicated since it requires a different cord (USB-optical cord), which is not being supplied.
The mic was way below standard. For Xbox you sound like a robot while talking in party chat. However the surround sound was the best Ive experienced for a headset.
Unfortunately these did not work out for my son but Best Buy gave me no issues when returning them back. Happy customer.
Great sound...loved it was wireless but the sync and charging station never seemed to work.
Bought my first A50 stopped working after a week, bought my 2nd a50, stopped working after a week. Im about to return it
Clear, great sound, everything is nice, but i wish they would stay connected!
Didnt like the sound or battery life. Sounded very tinny. Took back the next day
Not very good headphones for the amount of money they cost
The audio came through loud and clear but the mic kept cutting out on me.
Do not buy. Bought it and returned. Was not noise canceling.
Made my ears too hot, Id rather use the cheap ones over these.
I am an adult gamer and was very excited to finally use an Astro headset that is fully wireless. I read tons of reviews on Turtle Beachs top-of-the-line headsets compared to the older Astros, and finally decided to pre-order the Astro A50s. So after 6 months, here are pros and cons. Pros are readily available in online reviews, so Ill spend more time on the Cons.PROs:Sound qualityMicrophone quality (no issues like the previous Astro A40s and earlier generation A50s experienced).Fully wirelessAttractive stand/base and headset design.CONS1) The wireless range is much less than advertised 30 feet. I have the Xbox One in a vented media cabinet, and my headset sits at the end of the bar countertop above the cabinet, against a wall so it isnt right in the middle of the room. I sit on a couch about 8 to 10 feet away from the headset base. For lack of a better way to phrase this, it seems that the wireless wave signal coming from the base does not shoot up and away but rather straight out and sagging. I get distortion when my head is even a foot below the base if the countertop is between us at all, even at 8 to 10 feet. I then stacked 4 coffeetable books under the base and this solved the problem, but if anyone sits at the bar, I get distortion, if the top of one of the bar chairs is in between us, I get distortion. If I move to the farthest end of the couch (in the 12 to 15 foot range, the signal is subject to distortion). This is all goes without saying, if I walk into the next door room to grab a drink during an in-game lobby, I get distortion. Lesson: this headset works best if youre sitting right next to it or if it is elevated above you. In searching online to see if others ran into the same problem, I read that Astros wireless chip supplier was changed for this most recent generation, and it is not the same quality as previous generation headsets.2) Loss of connection after reboots. When I shut down my Xbox and start it up the next day, I often lose the connection to the headset (sound works, but not the microphone). It took me a while troubleshooting this including checking for firmware updates and completely unplugging and replugging the USB. However, the quickest way to solve this problem has been to switch the headset base to PC mode and back to Xbox. This seems to reset the connection and I get a notification on the XBox that my headset has been assigned. Definitely an inconvenience for a $300 headset.Is it worth buying? Its worth considering all your options first, so youll need to make the call between this and the TB wireless alternatives. If you go with Astro, I havent seen a better Astro headset, and it is usually years between each official Astro generation so this is probably the best option for now. If you dont mind having wires around, the wired version of this would not have the problems Ive described.
My son use these headset to play online. It turns out the mic has static. We downloaded a updated firmware and it still did not make any difference. I will be taking these back.
I hoping hoping to be blown away at this price point, but i was not really impressed with these. They didnt sound any better than my 99$ corsair voids that i have been using on pc.
Let me start by saying I prefer to purchase Quality Headsets. I have owned TurtleBeach 800X since they came out. My headset was having some weird issues so I was ready to purchase a replacement set. Heard Rave Reviews from a bunch of gamer friends that just went on and on about how wonderful their ASTRO headsets are. So I decided to try it out. First went with the A40s and next day had to return them. Would not connect with XBOX or its own receiver. Issue was with the wire connection at the headset. Took it back upgraded to the A50s. First day noted no issues other than it would drop the sound from game and chat for a second or two occasionally after using them for a few hours. Decided to contact their support and immediately was questioned on do you have wife stuff etc around this can cause drops and oh try restting it. Wait a second here. This is a brand new off the shelf headset that cost a lot of money and your first reply is resetting it and oh wait the devises around you can cause them to disconnect. STRIKE 1 was the disconection of the sound then STRIKE 2 was their customer support on a $400 dollar pair of headsets. So I reset it and seemed to work for another week with still an occasional drop etc. Mind you my TB Elite 800X never had that issue. Also note that I am probably sitting about 4 feet from the receiver. Oh and the charging base never worked had to use a USB cable to charge it. Strike 2.5 really cause it did not detract from the audio. Which was really good when it worked. On par I would say with the TB 800X. Now Iwas playing and the disconnections were lasting longer and to the point of inop. Then the Receiver just dies from the best that I can tell. Buyer beware and Gamer Beware. This Headset is not worth the money at all. If this headset was around 150 I would be okay I get it not your premier headset your going to have problems but 400 and raved about as their premier wireless headset. Forget about it. Battery life was decent and you could play and charge but I could also with my TB800X. Sound was great but so was my TB800X. Comfort not there. I feel that they were lighter than the TB800X and the cuff were nice. TB800X has Bluetooth capabilities that Ican make and receive calls listen to music etc while playing. Both have charging cradles that they sit in. TB800X charged almost every time. Occasionally had to remove headset and reseat. Bar None as far as XBOX Headsets go TB 800X far superior to the ASTRO headsets. STRIKE Three Astros are out total failure and second seperate headset from ASTROS. I will never purchase another ASTRO headset not even as a gift for someone. My next headset will be the TB stealth 700 since Best Buy does not supply TB 800X anymore.
Ive owned both the second and third generation of the A50 headset. This generation, the third, is by far the worst generation in the series. They added new and flashy features, but lack where it matters most: reliability. Ive replaced my generation-3 headset 3 times now, and Ive found myself having both similar and different issues. Just for reference: Ive used this headset ONLY on PC.Common issues:- The charging dock will break. This is important to remember if you ever plan on using the charging dock. After about a month or so of usage, you will notice one day that the headset will be desynced from the dock and will never work the same. I believe the headset shorts out while its charging and permanently damages the dock.- Headset does not work with a USB 3.0 port. This is important if you dont have many USB 2.0 ports. After researching, I found that this dock doesnt support 3.0, despite 3.0 being backwards compatible.Uncommon issues:- The driver to the device is simply garbage. My computer has a weird interaction with the device driver (even after manually installing a new driver from Astro) where basically it freezes the computer itself. What I mean is this headset actually prevents my OS from booting up (my keyboard actually doesnt light up) and keeps the screen on the BIOS. I know its not my motherboard because I actually recently replaced it for a new board. Also, when I unplug the dock from the computer, the PC actually instantly shows up to windows, as if it had already booted.- Your games will crash. Dont plan on having fun using this device in any games. It may work well, but it does not hold up for long. It has caused my games to crash consistently and constantly through all generation 3 headsets that Ive had the misfortune of using.In short, this headset works great for what it is, but it does not last even close to one year, nonetheless two years. For $300, I recommend honestly anything else because you will at least get a full life out of your headset. If you still plan on buying this headset, I highly recommend a protection plan because youll be needing it.
Im fairly picky when it comes to my headsets. I like to have a pretty large soundstage to easily pinpoint sounds but I like the headset to have some presence in the mids and bass. Im not looking for audiophile quality of sound for gaming. To me, that makes explosions and the thump of gunfire sound fake. Its ahrd to get immersed in something that sounds flat. I started off with Turtle Beach several years ago and wasnt thrilled with the comfort or the soundstage. My cousin had a set of Astros (on ear without a mixamp, I cant remember the model) and I fell in love! I went out and bought the A40s with the mixamp. I was pretty pleased and still use them as a headset on my computer. But for my PS4 I upgraded to the A50s because Id heard good things...Ive had them for over a year now and Ive been looking for a new headset for some time. The sound quality is pretty good and they are pretty comfy (though not as comfy as the A40s). You can hear a lot of the minute details in the games and its pretty easy to pinpoint where people are on a Call of duty or Battlefield map. But they could be so much better! Mine drop signal every few minutes for a few seconds at a time. Not what you want when youre in a match. The charge doesnt last for more than 3-4 hours. When the battery level drops below half the signal drop happens more often and my friends tell me I sound like Mr. Roboto fairly often when the signal gets wonky. Using the aux input to take phone calls works okay but I have to turn the volume up a lot to be able to hear comfortably so I usually end up taking the headset off to answer a call. Ive tried using it to have tunes going while I play and its about the same so Ive nixed that idea all together.All-in-all these are a disappointment. Ive had the Sony Gold headset and Id rather use that over the Astros! My A40s were top notch and still sound great after 6+ years of heavy use. Bottom line - Id let Astro work out some things before Id buy these. As much as I want to like the A50s I am just not satisfied.
The problem with this headset is that it continually cuts out.. Unfortunately I did not read the reviews before purchasing this headset and that is on me. The problem is that my wifi in my home is interfering with this headset communicating to its base, and there is nothing I can really do about it. When contacting their technical support they said to try it and someone elses house.. Thats not an option.. if it works there and doesnt work well in my home, what are they going to do about it? So then why even ask... They use that as an option to tell me that there is nothing they can do about it.. Unfortunately I have disposed of the box or else I would return it to Best Buy and get my money back.. this headset is horrible for connectivity..Now I gave it two stars because when this headset is working it does sound amazing.. very good quality in sound but I feel like that is sort of the case with almost any headset these days. So again, I would hesitate if you have wifi in your home before buying this headset because it may not work well depending on how good your wifi works I guess... and further, if you think about it, if the headset is working good then it might be causing problems with your wifi causing you internet lag and issues.. so why even take that chance?Sorry about the bad review, I leave good ones when I have good experiences and bad ones otherwise.. Hope this helps you make your decision before forking out a lot of money.
Currently I own two of these devices, one for my son and myself, we use them side by side on two different Xbox One consoles.The Good:Build quality is great and feels solid in the hand and is very comfortable to wear for long periods. Battery life is better than expected and can easily handle a long weekend of playing nonstop without a recharge (a full day, not 2, but we are talking over 10hrs so pretty respectable). No issues there.The Bad:First off, the charging station is terrible. The thing is such a finicky *******. You have to position the headset just right or it wont charge. Luckily its got an indicator but that serves only to frustrate rather than inform as you constantly wiggle and jiggle the device looking for the ideal location to charge. This is a huge oversight in my opinion for something that should be extremely simple.Second, it often has issues with the xbox where the mic will not connect correctly if the boom was down while you turned on the xbox. The sound will connect just fine and there is no obvious indication that the mike is not working with the exception that the xbox will tell you no mic is detected. You often have to power cycle the headset hub (you can do this by pulling out the usb cable to the XBOX). Of course, beware because as soon as it connects, there will be a loud crack in the headset as it syncs. The final issue is related to voice chat sound quality - not really what you hear but what your friends hear of you. They often complain (or i can if i am listening to my son) of highly static reception. We have tried this with and without both headsets on and it appears to be completely independent of the fact that we have two devices. I can only assume that some channels that some channels operate better than others and if you happen to be on a bad channel, the sound quality is very poor.So, unless they at least fix the first option - which they obviously cant do with this version, then I cannot in good faith recommend this headset. I have owned many other headsets, and while no other headset is any better on the reception side and they all have bugs related to audio, the charging aspect is just too much of an issue to ignore for this price.
Ive been using Astros since gen 1 A40s and love their product. Ive never tried wireless headsets. This is my first set of A50s and I will never go back to them. I will buy A40s next time. The A50s do have good sound and comfort. Astro has never had a problem with sound or comfort. However, the rest of the headset is trash. I absolutely hate the base station. The main way to charge the headset is to just put it on the base station and let it charge. That seems nice, however the headset and the charging prongs never easily connect. So you have to fight the headset and jam it into the station to get it to charge. Usually I just end up having to charge it by cord. Not only is the base station trash, the actual headphones will randomly stop working. I had to YouTube the solution because I had no idea how to get the headset to turn back on. Even with updated firmware it still freezes and you have to hold buttons to "reset" the headset. It sucks to have to stop what you are playing to reset your headset. Especially after paying premium prices. Also the very first charge time is ridiculous. The pros are that it is a very comfortable headset and it does have great sound. And it is completely wireless at Dolby 7.1 thats nice. The Astro Command center is also a very nice feature too. It updates your firmware automatically and you can really dig into your headset and set the specs how you want it.But for the price I personally feel the bad outweighs the good. If it was about $100 cheaper I would be fine with the product. But at its price its simply not worth it. Having the headset freeze constantly and the issues with the base station just isnt cool. I will not recommend this product to a friend nor will I never buy one again. I will stick with the A40s from here on out.
First off, the Astro A50 provides a very good sound quality. They did an amazing job with surround sound and the build quality feels solid and makes it comfortable to wear for long sessions. However, that is where the positives end sadly.A lot of my review is based on my experience with my last headset, Logitech G933. I went in to replace them but decided to spend the extra $100 thinking it would be a better experience. Back to the sound; A50 may have surround sound, but it has no software that you can tweak it to your liking. Not a major issue for me, but I can see for some this can be annoying. Secondly, even though these are wireless, it still requires you to connect a dock to your computer/PS4. This acts as both the charging station and wireless receiver but takes up a lot of unnecessary space considering the G933 are charged with any microUSB cable and connects to the computer with a USB receiver. Whats the point of a wireless headset when the dock takes up space? Secondly, battery life is poor. It lasts about 10ish hours, nothing great when the G933 lasted 20 hours (no RGB on). If you have a free weekend and forget to charge it overnight or comes off of contact on the dock you will find yourself with a dead headset.I would say to get them but keep in mind the dock is needed and the battery life can be frustrating if you didnt charge it the day before. Also, I would only get these if they were on sale, they are not worth full MSRP.
Bought this headset because my xbox one headset starting cutting out. I primarily use a headset to communicate with guild members and others in ESO. The headset works fine with the normal game sounds in ESO as well as other games. However, you have to constantly unplug and replug the connection on the back of the headset stand in order to get gamechat to work in ESO. So if youre looking for a good headset for ESO youre better off using the much cheaper xbox one headset for $19. The headset charging base is another problem. Its very difficult to get the headset to connect correctly to charge if you try to set the headset on the pins. I ended up just using the cable that was provided to connect to the stand to charge instead. The charge on the wireless doesnt last very long (perhaps 5 hours) and if you dont have it on the charger at all times it will run out fast. The headset is comfortable. Only slight irritation around the ears. Otherwise pretty good as headsets go. The sound quality is pretty good also. You can hear a lot of things that you wouldnt otherwise hear through speakers which can be very helpful. The wireless connection works very well when moving around the room. As far as the gamechat connection problem with ESO, that is more with that game and the headset not being compatible. From game discussions a lot of other people are having gamechat issues with ESO and not with other games. Not sure where the fault really lies (xbox one, ESO or Astro) but as the user its not good and very frustrating. If it wasnt for the gamechat issue, I would rate the headset as 4 stars.
If you enjoy having party chat being dropped, resulting in the need to hard reset your Xbox, these are the $300 headset for You! I left the TB Elite 800x because I was tired of my friends telling me it sounded like I was talking through a tin can (after 19 firmware upgrades) and let me tell you how under impressed I am with the A50s! First of, super comfy. They feel great on the head. The sound is magnificent and my friends can hear me perfectly! Its everything I wanted that the Tbs didnt do (except zero blue tooth to your phone so no music, calls, notifications from this head set (for $300)). The only issue is, about every 30 to 120 mins, the chat dies. Game sounds stay connected but your chat connection to you party is wasted. This requires a hard reset of your Xbox to resolve. Thats awesome when your me playing survival with your friends in The Division and after that hard reset, you can listen to them finish because you cannot join them so you get to chill for 45 minutes and wait for the to finish. Awesome fun! I cannot wait to return these. Clearly the PC is where its at. Have you noticed the best buy shelves? Consoles have 2 brands, TB and Astro. PC, 30 brands. Why is this the case? Consoles exclusivity! Im thinking its time to ditch consoles so Im not bound by the Xbox/PlayStation monopoly. This is ridiculous. 2 different $300 headset for the Xbox and they both have terrible, fatal, flaws. No thanks. Buyer beware.
I pondered for a long time wether or not to get these being that the price is very high. In most cases I believe you get what you pay for but I didn’t. Finally decided to replace my aging turtle beach x41’s so that is my only comparison. For me my turtle beach were more comfortable than these. They felt much warmer around my ears also. The sound is great but that’s where the problem is for me. I don’t know yet if I just got a bad one because I just bought it 2 days ago and haven’t had a chance to go back and return it. While playing my headset will loose connection and go completely silent for a second or 2 and it happens a couple times a minute which is completely frustrating. At 300$ these should work flawlessly. I have tried everything I can think of from doing multiple hard resets, changing the channel at which my router broadcast so it’s nowhere near the range these headsets operate at. Firmware is also up to date. If I don’t hear back from them in the next couple days I will be returning and going back to turtle beach. Just don’t see how these are worth 300$.
This is my first review on any product, i had an astro a50 first gen that impressed me for 3 years. So i made the jump for getting another one. Quickly realized it was a mistake but when you need a headset you need a headset. The voice output consistently breaks up and is only fixed by shutting the headset down after someone said its messed up again. Turn it back on and your good to got for a little while. No mute button? Seriously? Do not wear this headset while your ps4 is turning on or off it will emmit an extremly loud pitched sound that is way more dcb then anything should be. The charge stand is trash you have to move it around for a minute to get the charge lights right. If you had it slightly off or it got shifted it will fully drain. The headset is comfortable at least. Using the stock firmware is not a good idea. The older version you could set the audio from the chat/game more to one side. It will always make game volume primary regardless of how you want it. My headset now does not turn on. The base doesnt connect to the headset that is charged. I have already begun the replacement process and am waiting on more info from astro
This is a very comfortable headset to wear. Nice quality product, but has some design flaws for sure. For the price you pay for these things you could do much better with different brands. I own the Turtle Beach Elite 800s as well and they are a much better product for the money then these astros.The pros: Comfortable, Good Sound, Build Quality.The Cons:Charging station is a pain to get headset to charge, Headset will stop sending audio must unplug base station usb and plug back in frequently, headset will stop powering on which requires a hard reset which you will need to use youtube to figure out how.For the price of these headset you should have the highest quality possible, these are far from that on the functionality aspect. Looks and build quality are great, but the whole purpose of the headset is sound and fun while gaming. Its not much good if you go to turn your headset on and then have to spend 20 mins to 1 hr figuring out how to get them working again.
Growing up as a kid who watched g4tv and gamebattles I always wanted a ASTRO headset. As an adult I decided I could splurge a little and get the headset of my dreams. It was worth the money at first. The sound quality was great. I could hear the opposing teams traveling around me in all directions which gave me an upperhand. Unfortunately I had to replace this headset once due to the audio and mic failing which seems to be common with ASTROS and then my replacement headset did the same thing. For a piece of gear to cost $300 for basically just a name you would think they would have launched a better product. I decided to go with a kraken from razer for my headset of choice now. Its a fraction of the cost and honestly not that much different in audio.
Ive had this headset for a couple of years now, and I have had nothing but problems with it. Dont take my word for it, and dont listen to the reviews here. Simply go to their website and check their support forums. You may get lucky with them. Also remember, this headset requires a dolby digital live capable sound card for surround sound to work properly.The only reason I give them two starts is they do sound good when they are working, and they are comfortable.Ive had two main issues with these....and I have had the replaced, and both had the same issues. They will sometimes lock up (no sound, cant turn off), forcing you to let the batter drain on them. This can take a while, so will be without a headset till that happens. The other issue is the sound just stops working and you have to repair the device. These are very annoying issues for a 300$ headset. Save your money and getting something better for a much lower price.
I was super excited to buy this headset I was told by numerous people Astro is the way to go if you want to game. I was weary for the price tag it was definitely a lot for a headset but I want ahed and made the purchase. The sound quality is OK there not noise canceling so you can hear everything in the background as you hear the game sound which is very annoying and there is not really any bass. I mean for an almost 300 dollar headset I was expecting it to blow out my eardrums instead I can hear my dog barking in the background while I’m shooting a gun. Def not impressed but it does the job. It you want noise canceling and better sound I would definitely try a different headset this is not the one for you.
I got these at Best Buy, and had nothing but trouble with them, the firmware update Astro did in November helped some but did not fix all the problems the main one being that the headset would completely cut out for about three seconds then come back on and it would do this about four times in a two hour time frame. I contacted Astro and got a canned response of things that I already tried over and over. They never had a real answer as to why it does it. Astro customer support is really bad.Another reason not to buy is their customer support they can only be contacted by a customer support ticket that you have to fill out on their web site and then it will usually be two to three days until you hear back from them. They have no phone numbers except one I found on their return page but calling it is a waste of time because they will not help you if you have filled out one of those forms
I bought these because I already have a Turtle beach 800x Elite headphones for the Xbox One. I bought a different setup because I was concerned with possible signal/audio overlap from having two of the same headphones in the same room. (I have two screens and two xbox one’s in my game room.) I should have taken the risk. The audio constantly cuts out to have no sound/mic which is completely unacceptable. Astro says its signal or electrical interference, but the Turtle Beaches are in the same room and plugged into the same power supply and they are flawless. I never write bad reviews, but for the money they should be as flawless as the Turtle Beaches. I’m giving two stars instead of one because they do work sometimes without issue. But the Turtle Beaches work all the time without issue.
I owned prior generation of these A50s. This new generation is cheap in feel but expensive in price. The sound quality is fairly underwhelming, the mic is terrible and picks up a ceiling fan 12 feet away on low but barely registers your voice until you crank up the settings on high, and the dolby button/presets are terrible. The charge on these during the first week lasted 8-10 hours. After the first week the charge went down to 5-6 hours and now around 4 hours you need to charge again. Pretty poor execution of a $250.00 headset. Save your money and buy a different headset or pair up a really nice set of headphones with an after market mic.
Yea the headset feels really comfortable. But the sound quality doesnt impress me at all. You would think if youre paying 300 dollars for a headset the sound quality should be top notch. ITS NOT. was very dis satisfied when i found that out after friend recommended me to buy this. If youre into serious gaming i would not recommend anyone to buy this headset. i have used other headsets that have way better sound quality. once again. you think you should get awesome quality sound with a 300 dollar headset. you dont. lol. not with these anyways.
I have had this headset and used it Frequently for 9 Months so far. Sound quality is amazing especially for games but I have had this issue where the sound continually cuts off for 3-10 seconds at a time sometimes even longer and it happens very Randomly when it does. I have been looking for a resolution to this issue ever since I got them I have tired changing my 5ghz router channel and everything and nothing works. I have contacted Astro support and been on their forms and nothing. So good sound quality but not worth the $256 I spent on it especially with the sound cutting out issue.
The sound quality and revisit features on this are second to none. However, there seems to be a real serious issue with disconnections from the base station causing all audio to drop out intermittently. Searching online this seems to be a pretty common occurrence with a good amount of units. I’ve reached out to Astro support and if there’s a positive resolution I’ll update this post. Til then, these are absolutely not worth the price tag due to the connectivity issues.
I am on my 3rd headset for my PS4 and thought I would go top of the line this time to stop having to get new ones. Do not make my mistake and stay away from this product. Sound cuts out completely periodicly. Chat goes "robo-voice" when muted and unmuted at times and the range is the worst of the 3 sets I have tried. I sit 2 feet from the base and still have issues. I was dumb and threw away the box or I would have returned it. Please do not give this company your money. 2 stars since sound is great when it does not stop working for a few seconds at a time.
I wouldnt buy this because I had problems with the connection/power. I had it for 3 weeks or so and started having problems. It wouldnt turn on. So I thought it was dead battery, so I charged it and it still wouldnt turn on. I was frustrated and had to search on youtube for the answer. I had to reset the headset. It worked for a week and it happened again. To think I paid $300+ that it would just work, but nope. I returned it and got the a40 + mixamp instead. I recommend getting the 2 yr warranty because of stuff like this.
For how expensive these are they are a true pain connect to the charging dock. These are heavy, I mean very heavy. Your fitment adjustments slide right down so youre adjusting them back fairly often and I usually cant get the headset to even dock properly unless I put them at their largest setting. Sound is great, mic is great chat/game balance is convenient. Ear pads are soft and comfortable until the heavy headset slides out of adjustment from the weight and your ears are holding up the headset instead of the headband.
I got this headset expecting it to be the best headset Ive owned. Ive always had turtle beaches and they have been great. After testing this headset out for over a month I do not like it. Its very comfortable Ill give it that. The charging stand is a nightmare to deal with. It has to be on the stand perfect or it doesnt charge. Im always having to unplug and plug it back in or my xbox doesnt recognize it. The range isnt near as good as my turtle beaches. Very disappointed.
Do yourself a favor and dont buy this for 300$. Its an amazing headset but honestly the sound cuts off randomly for a second or two pretty often. I returned them and got the same headset and hoped mine was faulty, nope same issue . I really liked the headset in every way basically but for 300$ I dont want to put up with not being able to hear when Im playing a game every 3-10 minutes .
I have had these for about 2 weeks now and have been a headache. If you plan to use them for PC and Xbox audio same time just keep in mind the volume on the side of the headset does not only affect the game but the AUX input as well. If you have a newer 5ghz router you will have wireless problems none stop of the headset disconnecting. You are forced to put it below the range of the headset which then makes your wireless internet suck on a low freq. Overall I am not happy with it.
Loved the quality of this headset. Sadly its not truly wireless. You have to plug in a chat cable. My headset broke within warranty due to mic issues. I sent it off got it repaired sort of fairly easily. 6 months after my warranty ends i have the same problem. Since I am out of warranty i tried to repair it myself. Opened it up and honestly it was the worst wiring and soldering repair job I have ever seen. This company does not stand behind the quality of there work.
I got this headset at a %25 discount and was super excited to get these but I had to return them because of how bad they were.The badMic - My friends said my mic sounded more muffle than my skullcandy plyr1 headset. Connection - I couldnt go into the next room without losing connection.the goodThe games I played did sounds great.The quality of the material felt strong
Even thogh this headset is pricey we were excited to purchase them after reading all thr great reviews. Guess what the ps4 we have doesnt have the port for these and yiu have to buy other parts for the tv to connect them. No where on the box did it mention this. Useless. Took back purchased a another headset that was cheaper and they are awesome
I have the headphones for a little bit over a year. I started having problems, I gave them a call and ask him if they could prepare them at my expense. They said there was absolutely nothing they could do and gave me a $20 off coupon to buy a new pair. I paid over $400 for these headphones and they cant even fix them. Ill never buy from them again
Sound quality good. Microphone is horrible. Everyone says I sound muffled. Also the connection goes in and out. Returned headset. Also can hear background noise with volume turned up. Was told to buy a mod kit. This headset should be around $149.
I love Astros but I hate to say it, this headset is trash. Its so comfortable and sounds great but everything about it is finicky. 1- Docking the headset is bad, you have to wiggle it alot. 2. Base station constantly freezing. 3. Headset has major pairing issue. 4 Sound cutting out. With a 300$ headset, you should have no issue. It took me 3 pairs and I still have problems.
I am currently on my 3rd pair of Astros and 2nd pair of Astro A50s there are so many problems with these headphones. From randomly disconnecting to randomly not being able to hear but you can talk or vice versa. You pay 300 dollars for these headphones and they dont feel like they are worth it.
I really liked the build quality of the A50s (the only reason for the second star) but didnt like how they were hard to get to set properly on the charging cradle. The big problem for me was they just stopped working all together. I had the extended warranty so I am trying them again.
I used it only for Xbox One, but every time I turned on my system, I had to switch the device to PC then Xbox to make it reconnect. Sometimes the mic would make my voice sound muffled. The sound is great! When playing Battlefield 1, you can literally hear the footsteps of players. But for $299, they are NOT worth it! Until they get the hardware fixed, not worth it!
My headset continued to lose power, even when not in use. After hard resetting per Astros instructions I have the same issue and am returning. Also, not a fan of the magnetic stand. You have to get the headset just right on it to begin charging. I found taking off the ear cuffs helped, but still had to set them on just right...poor engineered design.
Glue residue on base from unpacking. I asked Logitech (the mfr) about it and was asked to wipe it off with alcohol. Just made it worse. Headset sounds good but has been disconnecting often and has really poor range compared to that of my Artemis. Thinking of returning and getting something else.
Hasnt even been a year yet and a charging pin on the Base has broken off making it only chargeable by USB, and now the sound in the left speaker is distorted and cracking. All this in less then a year being used a few times a week for casual gaming. Sound has been good but durability is in question.
I was very impressed by how lightweight and comfortable the headset was. I’d rate the overall sound quality a solid 7/10. But the mic is absolutely awful. Everyone I played with was complaining about how bad I sounded when I spoke. For the money this headset costs, there should be no complaints. Ended up exchanging for a different brand.
On my 2nd pair, first just quit charging a week after purchase. This pair has volume issues (level are constantly getting out of line). Head phones are super comfy and easy to wear for long periods and does have great sound when working. But for I have owned all around better head phones for a fraction of the price.
Bought them hoping for the best, really wanting something better than turtle beach that I have that pop loud and really wasnt worth the investment. But these wouldnt work, called geek squad and we tried several things and couldnt even get sound out of them. Was really wanting to have wireless but I guess its just not to be.
I purchased this headset to play fortnite on ps4. My first impression when i saw them was not god at all. The material they are made of doesnt look of good quality, the audio is not loud and it kept cutting off in the middle of the gameplay. I returned them.
This headset isnt very compatible with the PS4. Id be in the middle of games and it would cut out 5,10,15 seconds at a time. Save yourself money and by the Astro A40 TR from Best buy. Same great sound of the A50s and Ive never had an issue. The Astro A40 TR is the best headset Ive owned to date.
When they work the sound is amazing. But that’s the issue going wireless invites connection issues and that’s all I’ve experienced with them. Just constantly going out for a second or two at a time. Not worth the headache. Going back to Astro a40s.
This is definitely a solid headset, good sound, comfortable, truly wireless which is hard to come by for Xbox. They do however have bugs and flaws. Power stops working and you have to hold down two buttons to reset the headset just to turn it on. Completely drops connection to Xbox if you have the console on quick start up mode, so yeah, turn that off. Sound cuts out for a second or two every now and then. Sound quality is definitely good but I wasnt wowed by it like I expected to be, I wouldnt exactly put it in a Bose category or anything.Overall this a solid headset with a few minor inconveniences that could be more easily overlooked if they didnt run $300. I got mine for $225 on Black Friday and Im sorry to say that that is even a bit overpriced when factoring in all the problems this set has. If you arent made of money I would suggest considering other options before before dropping the coin they are asking for these but if price isnt option, you dont mind all the technical issues, and view these as a gamer status symbol then go for it because it is a decent headset, but just decent.
These headphones are extremely comfortable, but the sound quality is average at best for $300. They also would randomly disconnect for 30 sec or so with no indication at all. If you have $300 burning a hole in your pocket, you can do much better than this for sure.
Good product however its not intuitive. Firmware upgrade is little tricky. You have to do manual things like change USB on xBox if microphone is not working. You have to do hard restart etc. It should be seamless to update firmware for base station and headset.
I had the headphones for about a month and they continued to drop the sound no matter where I put the base station there was one update but that didn’t fix the issue it didn’t matter which game I played if it was in Dolby Suround sound it was dropping out
My boyfriend likes this headset but there are times it losses it charge. For the price, thought they would be better. His internet speed is at the high level so it is not the internet connection.
By far Astro are some of the best sounding headsets I’ve ever owned only downside it the price also the charging dock gets a little annoying from time to time I’d go for the a40tr hands down
The headphones were a gift that lasted 2 weeks before it wasnt charging properly. Many times it doesnt charge, 10% of the time. Too pricey to not work properly or deal with such issues. But when they are fully charged, game play and sound is amazing
For as much as this headset cost you would think the sound would adjust better even using the Astro Command Center. The bass is just too much in this headset. Although, I must say they are comfortable. My turtle beach headset that was cheaper had better sound quality.
Only thing I dont like about he headset is that time to time you have to cut mic on and off because a distorted voice to people and sometimes you can hear your own voice and its pretty loud and annoying its not just1 headset that did it to me Im on my 3rd pair
The sound is good. Not as light as I would like. A little tight on the head. Needs to be a little bit more adjustable. The after market mod kit should come standard at this price
The headset itself is very good quality and the only real problem that I have had with it is problems with audio cutting in and out repeatedly for no reason.
Nice upgrade from the Gen 3 Astro A50 version. The dock is a nice touch but it takes way to long to charge the battery. We talking about hours upon hours to charge.
Not worth $300.. These headsets will cut out.. They will interfere with your 5.0ghz wifi network. THey recommend you dont use channels 149 and above. Robot voice will also have.. you need to turn off the headset and back on to resolve the issue.
This is the one of the best, if not the best gaming headset out there. The sound and mic is definitely better than the Turtle Beach Elite 800. I have to return this unit because after a couple weeks, it would not work anymore.
Base station is finicky. Gold plated pins fell into base and I had to warranty it and wait two weeks for a replacement. Customer service is definitely not in a hurry and they dont care about you, so save your breath.
Good but not very noise cancelling, very underwhelming. They dont get as loud as I would like them to. Sound is good and setting them up was easy. Battery life is good.
You leave them off charger they die & won’t hold a charge. They have to set on Cradle until you play with them. Which causes the battery to die out faster because you over charge them..
I would bump up the score if my set worked properly. Has a problem with all audio cutting out unless I have them plugged in. Everything else about this headset is nice, though.
So it says that you can use this headset on a Xbox one as well as PlayStation 4. That is incorrect you cannot use this on the Xbox one had to go buy the exclusive ones for Xbox One.
They are very comfortable and good sound but they lose connection with the base alot even after doing software upgrade, battery only stays charged 7 hrs not 12 like description says
Ive had a lot of problem with turning off and on and staying connected. IR cord fits loosely into the stand and xbox. Constantly having to unplug and plug in the stand to reconnect.
Disappointed on thy if you paying over $300 for this not to have a mute button on it. You have to pull the mic up. Every time. And now it’s lose.
They are ok these have alot of small issues I have issues with game chat and issues with sounding like a robot when i talk
THESE ARE A REALLY GOOD HEADSET COMFORTABLE SOUND IS GREAT BUT FOR 300.00 YOU WOULD THINK THEY HAD BLUETOOTH CONNECTIVITY TO TAKE CALLS ETC. SADLY THEY DONT SMH
Worked great for a short while then I started having issues with the base not staying connected unless you unplugged and replugged the base back in.
The 7.1 sound in these headphones are amazing! Having said that though, Im having to power cycle them when I enter Xbox live parties because people cant hear what Im saying.
for the money this headset cost it was not worth it ! its a great headset just not worth 300 dollars in my opinion its kinda quite
For $300 sound quality are the same as my 2 years old $100 audio technica. Wireless was convenient, but had some problem when playing certain pc game make it very lag.
It’s very nice at first then overall time it does bug up. I have to consistently reset it, and it just has had a few static moments.
After having a turtle beach. I now wish I had bought another. The range on this product is not great. And it charges through a USB and is unable to be charged while wearing.
Good product but I couldn’t get the things to hook up to my tv or sound bar but would work with the gaming system so I took them back
I traded in my Turtle Beach 800 Elite X, because it did not have a mic boom, so I had to talk loud, now my friends all say I sound like Im in a large room with an echo.
This is a great headphone. Its has some great audio quality but if your using this for your PS4 dont the about the sound comes from the gold Playstation headset
Great sound when gaming, at times it will cut in and out. Loading screens you will hear a static sound uncomfortable pending on volume
I like every the set up if the charging station and mic. I just didnt like how I needed a external storage device that was 250 Mbs or bigger to have work.
Base headset turns off automatically when in use. You have to unplug the base and wait till it comes back on to use it every time.
There ok work sometimes party chat never works can only talk to party in game char have go reset the headset some times to make them work
i do not like that my son has to walk around carrying a base when he uses them on his laptop . geek squad too busy to offer alternatives
Likes to disconnect every other power up. Very glitchy, but pretty good sound. Not atmos enabled though.
Overall it’s a good headset but there was extremely loud feedback on the mic. I couldn’t hear it but all my friends could online.
The mic keep cutting in and out. Returned it and got an astros a40 which has worked great.
The headset is great when playing any game. However, this headset has a bad battery drain when console is turned off.
Its great but has a lot of issues like mic cutting out if you are unlucky
no bluetooth, very poor noise isolation, and good sound! needs a eq.
Sometimes they loose connection and it cuts out . Other than that it’s okay
Average gaming headset. Biggest issue: It hugged my head extremely tight and I had to return it.
Best quality when working watch reviews sound cuts out and issues with charging connectivity
I found them to be good but didnt notice much difference from wearing my earbuds.
Less features than the x800s and cost 100$ more without the noise canceling cups.
The only complaint is the price tag. Also, Bestbuy requires 50 letters in their reviews.
It was everything we were looking for but didnt work with my PC for on line gaming.
I like it soo much, but I want the version for playstation SLIM.
Almost Perfect, Overpriced, intermittent issues, when it works its great.. Returning it...
I prefer the turtle beaches They sound a lot clear
Good in game sound but people constantly tell me I sound like Im in a tunnel.
Got a better one for 125 from Logitech but other than that its square
It’s works pretty good and it’s up to the person who wants to buy it
Very comfortable but doesnt really sound great to justify $300 price.
People complain telling me that the mic cuts off during gameplay.
These headphones are not worth the money do not buy
i like the comfort it provides and the easy of working
Sometimes it doesnt charge.And doesnt turn on, no one knows why
This item tends to lose sound on one side on one side.
Ok sound. Too expensive for the quality. Charging is bad.
It is not bad. The price is high and is similar to other headphones that are 1/3 the cost.
I was looking for a high end headset for my PS4 and all my research brought me to the A50s. I really did prefer a wireless headset, so I decided to try it out. Sound quality is amazing - and the Astro Command Center was easy to update sound parameters to tailor for specific types of games. My issue was with random drop outs of the headset. I thought I may be doing something wrong when I lose sound for anywhere from 1-10 seconds, so I did some research. If youre running a 5ghz WiFi band in your house, Id steer clear. The Astro A50s operate at the higher 5ghz Wireless Channels, and with Google WiFi, theres no way on either device to dedicate those channels, so the constant interference just ruined the experience. If you dont have WiFi in your house..hey...these will be perfect for you...but that might be like..one person... Its 2019.. lets be serious.
This is a good headset but is overpriced in my opinion. I would rate them about 4.5 stars if they were about $150-$200. Theyre very comfortable but not the most comfortable headset Ive owned. The Sony gold is more comfortable. The build quality is nice, Im not worried about them breaking on me. The sound quality is great and I love how you can use the Astro command center to completely customize the eq and sound of every preset, mic, and stream settings. The mic is nothing special, its sound quality is just as bad as every other gaming headset out there. The reason I only give it 3 stars is because if these things. The price, the mic, the connection, and the range. My mic trips out and people say I sound like a robot and it happens very often. I have the base station close enough for me to touch it while gaming and the headset cuts out and loses all audio very often. The range of the headset is terrible!! If I walk out of the room its out. As soon as a wall is in the way the connection is no good and thats unacceptable for a headset that cost $300.
The Astro A50s sound fantastic when you can actually use them. The design of the charging base is completely absurd and hardly ever actually charge the headset. It takes quite a few times to actually get the headset into the base before they will actually charge..... or will they? I can put my headset on the base and the battery icon starts to blink letting you know they are charging. When I wake up the next morning the same light is blinking and it hasnt charged all night. I have to re-adjust the headset into the base again a few more times and they usually charge after that. The battery also doesnt last as long as I believe they should. This headset is very large, and one could only imagine that the battery life is great. The battery lasts about 7-8 hours. For hardcore gamers that isnt enough. Would I buy these again? Probably because of the sound alone. The mic is also amazing on this. Everyone in both discord and teamspeak say the mic works much better and clearer than my old $100 headset.
I have been using this headset for over a year and its has its pros and cons.Pro: Its very comfortable, the sound quality is amazing, its wirelessCons: 1) The connection issue; during gameplay the sound would disconnect and the base would flash, I replaced the digital optical cable but it only lessen the problem. I even updated the headphone but no luck2) The battery life; When full charge it works no problem. However, when you turn off the head phones it only goes into a standby mode and if you happen to leave it off the base the battery drains quickly. There is no way of completely turning off the headphones3) Charging; this has to be the worst part of the headphones. If the headset is SLIGHTLY off position it will not charge. You really have to spend a minute (seriously) to make sure the headset is charging.
In writing this i am currently on my second pair, and may have to return those. Although the audio quality is outsatnding, i find myself having to reset the base every time i turn on my xbox-which is a huge issue. I also wear glasses and have noticed other cheaper headsets have been more forward thinking than astro and having a little divut created to allow eye glasses a space in the ear cushions. These squeeze my head too tight and have to remove them due to me wearing glasses. This would have been a 4.5 stars if i didnt have to return a pair and having to reset the base is cumbersome. Next pair i buy will not be astros.
5\8These are very comfortable and fit well. And they have all the features that are advertised. But I also noticed a few of the problems that other complained about. Ive had to unplug and reset the base unit like 3 times in the 3 weeks that Ive owned it. Pretty annoying and not something I feel like dealing with after spending this type of money on a headset. The sound quality if decent, fairly bright and a bit tinny, but decent. The base station charging is nice and the best feature is the accelerometer that turn the headset off when its not being used. But I plan to return these headphones. They just dont justify the cost. I was happy to spend that kind of money on my gaming since its such a big hobby of mine. But they just dont live up to the pricetag. These should be $200 max.
Unit works well and seems robust for household headset. Sound quality is decent. For price would expect noise cancelling option to be included in functionality. Also had it a couple times go quiet on xbox... seems like when you let xbox poweroff and restart quickly headset can get confused and not sync properly. Pull out USB cable and plug it back in after 10-15secs restores functionality. Note to custom adjust EQ settings you will need a PC. You can select 1 of 3 settings on headset, comes with 3 default setups. To modify / tweak these it requires application to be run on PC.
Astros are supposed to be the top of the line. To be honest top of the line Turtle Beaches sound better but they arent built better. These are sturdy, sound good, but the biggest issue is they take forever to fully charge! Im talking hours! So put them on at night when you are sleeping and theyll be done when youre ready to play again. They will last hours of game play but always charge them when done. For the price, I have to be honest I expected more control with the EQ. You only have 3 settings to choose from. In all its a fine product, but for the money you can do better.
I have been using this headset since its release back in late 2016. They offer great sound and the battery last for ever but it is not with out its faults. I actually find the headset a bit uncomfortable, the top of my head will get sore after prolonged use which was not the case with my previous a40s. Software could be better but it is functional. I had to return my first set due to the fact that I had constant sound cut outs and firmware nor troubleshooting fixed the issue. Now the headset does not cut out but the drive does act up from time to time on win10. Besides those snapfoos it is not bad headset but I did expect more for the price. The mod kit seems to be the solution for the comfort issue but that is another $40 to add on to the cost of an already high priced set.
I’m not sure if I got a defective headset.The sound is amazing. Surround sound works great. The headset doesn’t crackle for me or have any type of interference unless I’m too close to my router which isn’t a problem. However, the headsets battery drains so fast. I’m not able to charge the headset and then use it a few days later. The headset would be dead within 2 days without using it on full charge. I’m not sure if it’s designed that way in case someone constantly keeps it connected. I couldn’t recommend this headset to anyone because of the battery issue.
Purchased this so I could go entirely wireless. Set up and firmware update was pretty straightforward for both the base and head set. Fit was a little loose. I play primarily Destiny on the XBOX ONE S and found that game chat was not working but party chat was. A major inconvenience but was not sure whether or not to return it when it just stopped working. No charging on base and no lights on head set showing status!!. I promptly returned this for a Turtle Beach Elite 800X Elite head set which I have had no problems with at all. I might have gotten a defective unit, but I am not the only one with game chat issues.
I have the Logitech G933, tried the ASTRO A50 and also have the Razer Man O War 7.1. Of the 3 the G933 has the best sound. The A50 has the largest sound space and the Razer is the most comfortable especially if you buy the optional oval ear cups. I found the A50 hard to use because the game sound and voice sound can be separately controlled and no matter how much I fiddled with the controls, I couldnt get a happy medium. They also were not as comfortable as the Razer but better than the Logitech which feels like vice grips on your head. Razer is the way to go.
I loved how comfortable these were, and the surround sound was great, when I wasnt getting static. I also had issues with the batteries only lasting around 3 hours. The microphone was not the best. I was told in chat I sounded robotic, and it produced a lot of echo. I tried updating them and did not have any luck so I returned them. Everyone I know with the a40 and a50 constantly cause issues with echo in chat. I tried for a week to find a reason to keep them, but in the end I went back to my Arctis 3 headset and I did not have any more mic issues.
I got this product 40 days ago... and of course it starts cutting out all the time now. I use it with my PC and my PS4 and it doesnt matter which one Im using it is constantly cutting out to having no sound at all. Im incredibly frustrated because of course it stops working correctly outside of the 30 day time period.If it worked, this would be an easy 5 star for me. Love the product. Love the wireless aspect - earcups are very comfortable, the color is great.
I had the original A50s, they were starting to not take a charge anymore so I upgraded to these. Feel just as comfortable as the original and the battery life is fantastic, only down fall is the range is way less than before. My older A50s I could walk upstairs and around the house and not loose signal and now if I walk 10-15 feet I loose signal, hopefully its a just a defect, gonna exchange them and hope for the best...wish I still had my original ones if just for the rangePros: comfort, battery lifeCon: range
It is not too hard to place the headset on the base to charge but there is an option to plug it in and charge/use at the same time but a cord was not provided. It does not hook up to the console and a PC at the same time because there arent enough ports. I dont use it at the same time but everytime I want to switch from in to another I need to switch the cords because an additional cord was not included. Overall great sound but I can get just as well for a lot...a lot cheaper.
The headphone sound great. I do wish there was a button to mute the mic instead of moving the boom up, but I can deal with that. Probably should have been noise cancelling for $300. My biggest complaint is the base. Its very frustrating to get the headphones to sit on it and charge. You have to keep adjusting them until the contacts sit just right. Which some times happens quick other times youre fumbling around a bit for it to work.
I use these as a replacement for my old turtle beach elite 800x. I think these are overpriced badly. They are not multifunctional. No bluetooth and no optional sound settings for different game styles. The instructions leave a lot to be desired as well. This set should cost about $150.00 not $300.00. The base feels cheap and the headphones are hard to adjust while wearing them. I cant recommend them at this price.
After returning a different set, A Best Buy Sales Associate recommended the Astro A50s for Wireless use for my Xbox One, And these work extremely well and the Sound Quality is Excellent, The only drawback is this headset does not have removable Batteries for replacement. And has no USB connections for wired use when Batteries are depleted, Other than that they are perfect for gaming or watching TV Programs through Xbox One Consoles.
The headset is fairly comfortable and offer a good sound quality. However, the headphones when placed on the base have to be consistently jiggled to get the right connection. If you just place them down they wont charge if they didnt make the right connection. Overall Im happy with this product so far but I have only had them for a month. I would add an extra star if there are no problems with them in a year.
I bought this headset expecting to get the best headset for gaming. Sound was awesome quality seemed good, BUT Expensive and not compatible with BC games on Xbox one. Party chat was hit or miss depending on the game, sound wasnt very load on some games. I was disappointed and returned them. Customer service was good and responded to all my emails and questions but they didnt know how to correct the problems I was having.
Been with it for almost 1 month, battery last around 10-12 hours only, my friends tell me I sound far away. When I lift the mic my friend can still hear me.Sound is good but the volume wheel shoud have been swithed to buttons, my pollow sometimes turns up or down the volume. It does a good job with the sound but I don’t think its worth the price
These are great headphones if you have the extra money. But it has a few flaws one is the mic isnt the best but it works and get the job done. The other thing is routers can interfere with the 5 ghz band because the astros run on the same channel 149 to 165 so I had to set my router to 48. This might be hard to do if you have a tri band router. You would think they would be better for the price.
Overall this headset seemed pretty solid, sound was good and the overall quality feels pretty nice but it’s barely been over 30 Days and I’m already having problems with it such as loss of speech during chat, the headset won’t charge properly, and I have to reconnect it to my Xbox almost every time I start it up. Either I got a faulty headset or it was mishandled in the box at Bestbuy
Im an avid gamer and have been using top of the line gaming headsets for years now... This simply doesnt live up to my expectations, especially for the $300 price. They arent user-friendly specifically with chat/gaming volume control and I have yet to figure out how to mute my mic. Hopefully, you have a way better experience if you decide to buy these.
I’ve had constant issues with this headset since day one for connecting it with the Xbox. Every time I start up my console, I have to flip the Astro Gaming switch to off and then back on. It’s a nuisance and even after updates it was never fixed. Other than that, great sound and great to have zero wires... just needs work.
For Xbox this headset works perfectly, however when you move to your computer, you might have issues connecting it. If you hook up your optical cable to it, it will need to be configured differently then if you just hook your USB to you computer. This can be tedious and time consuming. Overall it performs well on Xbox and Windows.
but mic was intermittent in the main games I play.. plus , sometimes you had to play with the headset to get it to charge.. .just got tired of it. I have the first two gens of the a50 and they work better than this one..was thinking it had improved but it took a step back I think.. .the headphones sound awesome though just like the first two gens.
I had the 1st gen A50s for the past 4 or so years. The sound was great but the range was not that great. I upgraded to the current gen 3. The sound is still great but the range is even worse my friends also say the gen 1 mic was clearer than the gen 3 mic. I still like the headset and would recommend it just dont walk to far from the base station.
Overall the sound quality is very impressive. The range of the headset is the most disappointing part for me. It often cuts out the audio for up to three seconds at a time. The buttons on the side sometimes do not work correctly. It’s very comfortable though and the wireless feature is very nice.
Description says it all, for $299 this should be the top of the line headset. I love the look the feel everything about it. But the microphone just wouldnt produce well. No one could ever hear me. I got tired of it. I returned this and bought the Platronics RIG model. LOVE IT ! and at half the cost plus you get dolby atmos for free
Im on my 2nd pair now. I might return these ones because they lose connection and I sit 5-6 feet away with Line of sight. They lose charge if they are turned off and not on th charger. Youre mic sounds like your in water Ive been told a few times. I dont recommend these till Astro updates them. As far as comfort goes they are good in that aspect.
So sad these didnt work out. The frequency it is on causes interference and the audio signal constantly cuts out. They are comfortable and superb audio quality when it works. If you can find a work around that issue than I would recommend them.
They sound amazing but the mic could be alot better. They have a echo in chat that the other people in chat can hear themselves echo. Also find it crazy that you have to disconnect from ps4 and connect to computer to adjust Eq and other setting. would expect better for the money. but the 7.1 dolby is amazing
This is a very comfortable headset just like my a40s that I had previously. The only problem with these is it has connection issues when Wireless and you get staticy feedback when you turn them up too loud and it will randomly sometimes drop connection and lose sound.
Had for one year and one day it said fully charged on base but when I picked headset up it wouldn’t come on. No light or sound so will be returning. I recommend getting the warranty with purchase. They were great up to that point.... hopefully next pair last longer.
Awsome feeling and sound when it doesnt cut out. Charging can be difficult. Headset doesnt fit well on base causing it to not charge correctly or not at all. You need to fiddle with it to get it to charge. Poor base design. Would expect more from a $300 head set
Sound quality not great. I was looking for something to replace a Turtle Beach Elite 800. Not even in the same league. If youre looking for high quality sound look elsewhere. It was very comfortable. Ultimately returned.
Then they cut off and base stopped working.,, nice on a 300 headset.  Reading reviews lots of folks have had issues with mic stopping working
It’s alright I guess. The headset breaks up or disconnects every once in a while.
Love how these feel. But hate how it randomly disconnects wirelessly...
Buyed the headset and not was  that i hoped. This is bad equipment and I not recommended this.
Ive had these Astro A50 headphones for several months now.Pros:Well madecomfortableclear communicationCons:overly complexchat vol adj turns game audio up/down, rather than chat audiorubber coating peelsThese have worked fairly well. Half the time I cant hear and its because I havent adjusted them properly, but everytime I get the audio settings where I like it.. it resets to default after shutting off. Default has the game-audio volume half way down (Not master volume), so everytime I start gaming I can hardly hear the first half hour until I remember to readjust (which isnt easy with the button options theyve chosen). Some preset audio choices would be nice...game mode, movie mode, etc.. or maybe gaming specific presets.. RPG, first person shooter ( heighten sound effects & lower cinema/music)
