I love this headset but the volume wheel is so sensitive, it gets caught a lot and moves my volume up or down dramatically which scares me sometimes whilst I’m gaming  otherwise it’s a brilliant headset and my mates i game online with have also said how much better the sound is compared to my Turtle Beaches before. The scroll is sensitive so I’ve given it 4*
Arrived in excellent condition and work perfectly. Bargain
Son loves them Comfy too
This headset (even when used in 2019) lives up to the price with its performance and overall quality. The frame is sturdy, the audio is precise and clear with really deep bass which is immersive. For the price you cant go wrong with this headset
100% recommended
Given as a gift, not had a complaint yet! I love my krakens and love the brand. Always look sleek, great sound, very sensitive mic but highly recommend.
I use it everyday and it’s a lot better than everyone else’s.
Son delighted. V comfortable, great sound and he cant hear me bellowing at him.
I never really spend more then 40 on a headset, but when I saw these, and read the reviews I thought I would give em a try, and I can say they are great. Its worth paying that bit extra, if ya like me and ya cant afford to b buying 150 headsets. I am very happy with them.
Son loves them
I was so excited for my headset to come earlier than expected however, I opened the parcel to find the actual box has been damaged as soon on photo attached. Very disappointed but sound quality and microphone is great.
Lovely headset
It’s a great head set, you should buy it. Along with my chair it’s 399
Brilliant
Used for laptop gaming
The sound quality is very crispy, but dont expect to be blown away by how loud they are as they arent that loud even with the volume up all the way. They are extremely easy to set up, just plug in and youre set. Come in a variety of colours and for the price they arent that bad.
I love how durable these headphones are, if your looking for a good durable pair of headphones buy theses. Also the sound quality is pretty good, but it not amazing for music in my opinion, but not bad ether.  I would recommended them.
There razers, they work, the sound is ok they work. Not the greatest review I know, but my son brought these. I had version one in green, I loved em, they are a bit brutal with the bass and you feel a bit jarred after using them a few hours. But that was version one.
This product has amazing audio quality to rival higher priced mid range akg headphones however the microphone quality is awful other than that its a great headset
These headphones are good for the price. I have another pair by Astro which cost much more though and you can tell the difference. These are good if your budget is low but would recommend spending more.
Christmas present for my 13 year old Grandson, for Gaming.  He is very impressed with it!
These are comfy to use for long periods of time. The sound quality is really good. So far they havent had any issues and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a gaming head set. I also tried these for listening to music. I was able to have clear and loud sound quality.
I got these for my son whos is still into gaming in a big way, he is very impressed with all aspects of these headphones , most notably the bass sound. He uses it with his HP omen gaming laptop and says they compliment each other superbly. A very good quality product from Razer Kraken, at a good price.
These are comfortable and really good quality headphones. Folding the mic back works well when you are not using it. Sometimes it take a little while for the mic to sync when in use. Sound quality is good as it the quality of the mic. Overall I’d recommend these.
worth the money spent
This Razer RZ04-02051000-R3M1 Wired Gaming Headset with USB Audio Controller is one of the best-wired headsets I have used. A lot of that has to do with the fit and sound quality. Though the Razer RZ04-02051000-R3M1 has, what appears to be bulky 4-inch earcups, it certainly does not feel overly heavy or tight. Moreover, it does not engulf the sides of your face. As other headsets, this size can. It stays firmly in place. This is due to the ‘spongy microfiber-like pads’ under the headband, which have an inch of soft memory foam covered by a soft synthetic leather material. The user can regulate and tweak them on your ears until they feel just right— plus they’re glasses-friendly. The ergonomic build means that you get Ultra-Soft Headset Padding. In addition, relieves pressure on your head, to prevent strain. That said, the earcups have a plasticky feel to them. The sound is crystal clear and not muffled. I was happy to have a proficient headset during some tense moments of gameplay, which I found was full of immersive audio play. An adjustable unidirectional microphone pulls out of the left earcup, which is nice. You can keep it exactly where you like it or move it further from your face. As the associated bumf sates, this headset delivers ‘high-fidelity experience along with full controls for audio personalization.  I must admit I am certainly no proficient gamer, by any means. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and functionality of this device.
These are comfortable to use, and they do have a quality feel to them, which to be fair you’d expect at this price. Sound quality is good, I’ve used them for watching video and listening to music and my son for gaming and they get the thumbs up from both of us. Where they fall down is their bulk, if you want to carry them around, as they don’t fold up, other than the microphone, so they are bulky. Other than that you could spend a lot ore on ‘phones that aren’t any better than these.
The sound quality of this headset is good; defaulting to a good bass level, and providing a good clear sound no matter the subject matter; whether thats listening to music, watching a film, or chatting to your friends whilst shooting randomers to kingdom come. The headset is big, which means its not going to be something youll be wanting to carry around with you very often - it would be nice if it came with a carry bag, or if the headset folded somewhat. The microphone part retracts almost completely into the earpiece, so Razer have obviously started to think about portability, right? The headset uses a standard 3mm jack to connect, but also comes with a USB adapter with extra controls on - it might be just me, but Ive not found the use of this part? Overall, I like this headset - if youre a gamer, be it seasoned or new, this is a good set to have at hand.
I’m very impressed with these headphonnes..the cushioning is incredibly comfortable and, they actually fit around my glasses. Superb sound quality, great for gaming and business alike. They don’t come with any bag though if you do want to carry them around and they aren’t slim by sny means.. Either USB (with an extra sound quality enhancer) or small jack socket. It’s got a great pull out microphone, so it doesn’t get in the way if you want to just use the headphones. Great
I spend 2-3 hours per day on conference / Web Ex calls and these headphones are great for this.  The sound quality and comfort are very very good; sound quality of the microphone also seems good in that no-one has yet complained about poor quality of my voice (they may complain about what I am saying, but that is another story). The only odd thing is the USB interface in that I see little need for it.  The 3.5 mm jack cable already has volume and mute features on it; the only thing the USB controlled interface seems to add in addition is  tone (treble / bass).  On that basis, I no long carry around with me. Talking of carrying around, these headphones are big to carry around (I work as a mobile consultant) and there is no bag for them; it would have been nice if the ear pads could have rotated through 90 degrees to make the headphone flatter for carrying in my backback (so one star off for this). So, overall, very good with decent sound quality and comfort.
These are a solid, comfortable set of headphones. The sound quality is good as is the mic which is easily adjustable, everyone can hear me now which wasn’t always the case with other headsets
The headset is so good. Confortable, I wear it for yours. Sound quality and mix quality really good 10 out of 10
Great headset and is very good at noise cancellation. They also work very good at headphones and have amazing sound and base boost so they make music sound very
Great sound quality, good noise cancellation, retractable mic is a great feature, durable too. My dog knocked a pint of water over them and they have survived too
Splitter broke within a week but amazing headset
Works beautifully! I thought they initially didn’t work because my PS4 theme that normally plays Gwent music from Witcher wasn’t playing... strange.. but it seems to be working
Was recommended this headset from a friend. I needed a new headset for playing in the pc and I was torn between this headset and turtle beaches and Im glad I picked this one. Very comfy, sometimes that comfy you can forget their on your head. Cable is long so can reach your pc with ease. Sound quailty is crystal clear Speakers on the headset are brilliant.
Christmas present for my daughter and she loves it so means I do too
Very good gaming headset. Has decent bass. Very good mic.
Wonderful headphones, worth its price
I’ve been looking to buy a good pair of headphones for a while, and after saving up I just had to buy a pair of Razer headphones. I can honestly say I’m absolutely in love! I wear them pretty much every day and play all types of games (I mostly play on ps4) and the sound quality is absolutely amazing! It’s definitely improved my game play. I love the design on these headphones, there so nice and smooth plus look super fancy. The only probable I’ve found is when you FIRST get them and wear them I got little headaches from them, but after a few times the problem when away and now I can wear them for 12hours plus and enjoy the experience. I’d highly recommend these headphones!
Fantastic sound quality for playing competitively online. Can hear clearly sounds around you and very nice sound balance with bass. I use these to listen to music too. Retractable mic makes these great when youre not using it.
Very nice headset. Sound quality is great and it is very comfortable. My only annoyances are that the 3.5mm audio splitter that comes with it makes the wire far to long (I play on pc). Without it, the wire is a good length. The wire also feels a tad on the flimsy side. Also, when the volume is set to very low through the audio controller, sound only goes through one ear. When you turn it up a little more though, it goes though both.  But other than those minor downsides, really good headset.
Bought this for my sun, from what I’ve been told it’s been very good sound wise, the build was above what I expected. For the price you can’t really go wrong other that you’ll probably need an adapter for the Xbox controller. However his friends said the mic wasn’t the best but that was been compared to his older one which was a more expensive headset which was understandable, but other than that’s its really good.
Really nice set of headphones. I had only used budget earphones before, really nice upgrade and the ability to hear which direction sound is coming from really helps in some games :)
Great headphones for gaming. Bought this for my boyfriend and he said it allows you to hear the gun shots coming from behind in game therefore it allows you to navigate around. And this headphones can also be used for music. It cancels out noise. Really worth buying
First ... make sure you are reading the right review for the right headset. There are a lot of Razer Kraken headsets and this is the Tournament version. Firstly ... theres now indents in the ear cups for glasses !! Never seen that before !! So if you wear glasses you dont need to worry about the legs getting squished and becoming uncomfortable. Next thing I noticed was these are very lightweight. The old set of headphones from Razer were the Aluminium frames and although they were super indestructible they also gave you fatigue after a while. These are 300g which is pretty good. However ... a negative here ... I dont feel like they would stand up to the level of punishment that the older aluminium framed headsets would. Setup is fairly easy but you will need to access a USB port which can be a pain if your main PC unit is under your desk/table which for a lot of gamers it is. However once you plug in the control interface then you can position the audio control switch anywhere. The switch has the usual controls for volume, noise cancelling, balance etc. However the thing I was very excited to see was the THX feature. You can definitely tell when the Noise Cancelling is on ... its superb. HOWEVER the THX to me ... well it was working but it wasnt ... hugely different. The controls are updated (dont forget to update the software) but  I wasnt blown away with the features. In terms of detail (treble) in the sound and the bass though, these are top rated and use Razers synapse software. The ability to judge where sound was coming from and therefore spatial awareness was also very good. Microphone - This is very good and again from speaking to people online there was no issues or problems hearing what i was saying. Comfort wise ... again ... very good, the ear cups didnt get overly warm and the head strap was sufficiently padded given how light these were. Longest I had them on was around 4 hours and I didnt get any problems or fatigue. A small negative was initially when moving my head about the headphones moved as the ear cups slid about. However that soon stopped ... either because they settled down or as my skin became warm maybe became a little damper and so the cup material had a little more friction against my skin. OVERALL: Razer produce some real duds now and again. Ive seen them produce some great quality gaming gear and some real rubbish. They rely a LOT on their brand name and lately on some of their products its not been good. However for the money (99 at the time of writing) I think these are reasonable gaming headsets. I docked a star for the price. I think around 15% of this is just the name. You can use these with PC/MAC/PS4/Switch/XBOX 1/and mobile devices  according to the blurb. I only used them with my PC.
These were a replacement of some older ones my son had so I knew what I was buying. Theyre very good, comfy and overall work perfectly well with PS4. My only gripe is that they arrived open. I can only assume that this was because it wasnt packed into an Amazon box so it  there for all to see what it was. The tape had clearly been cut.
Mad
Hands down the best headset Ive owned, music, chat, game volume and clarity is amazing. Im hard of hearing and I still cant have them on full.
big gud
Very nice headphones comfy and good sound... I loved the original "V1" kracken and this is a major improvement...
Great
Having just got the product, I immediately tested it on my PC. Its amazing, the quality is amazing and the bass is just perfect as well. Depending on what settings you can use, you could tweak this and change it. Everything this product has to offer does what it does and its perfect for gaming and other various tasks one could assume. Does this product work for the Xbox One? Answer: Yes it does! It does work perfectly fine on the Xbox One console, and the sound is crisp. The only requirement for it to work is if you have a controller that is compatible using a 3.5mm audio jack for the headset to plug into. You can use the newer controllers that just have the audio jack hole to plug into or if you have an older controller that requires the adapter - just plug it into that. There should be no issues at all. But, keep in mind that controllers that have the adapter pack and youre controller is wireless then expect to be charging your controller again within 3 hours or less as it drains the battery quickly. My recommendation is to purchase or use a controller that just has the audio jack hole, doesnt matter if thats wireless, it wont effect its usage time, typically a wireless controller lasts 5 hours and will need charged again - which is fair. Noise cancellation is great, it doesnt block everything out but its just enough so that you dont get distracted. Also, the fact that it doesnt completely cancel out all noise allows you to be somewhat aware of whats going on around you. I 100 per cent recommend.
Top notch, does what it says on the tin
Looks fantastic in white, bought these for my son as I have a pair myself which are finished in black. Wish Id have bought the white set for myself, looks loads better. Good sounds, good mic, VERY comfortable. Only niggle is I sometimes catch the in line mic and inadvertently adjust the volume. But this is VERY occasional and wouldnt prevent me buying them again if any of them broke. Big thumbs up.
Absolutely superb sound quality andvery comfortable to ware for long periods of time. Only downsides would be that your ears get very hot and sweaty in hot rooms and the mic piece is a little flimsy, but aside that a great pair of headphones, Id recommend for anyone into gameing
13 year old very happy with them
Good headphones worth the money
This headset is extremely comfortable and the cooling gel is really noticeable. The glasses cutout is not noticeable for normal users but great for glasses users. The sound quality is amazing and the THX surround sound spatial audio is really effective and is very cool! The controller is very helpful when playing a game and you are unable to hear your friends in discord or the voice chat you are using as you can simply turn their voices up with the controller, the bass boost controls are noticeable if needed but on standard settings the bass is great. The razer synapse app is great and everything is very customisable, e.g. (spatial audio for individual apps, full mixer, enhancement for voice clarity and enhancements, EQ for different settings of sounds and a great microphone setting.) The only downside to this headset is the razer synapse app can be fairly persistent when asking you to do a quick update very occasionally, this doesnt bother me much though and the notifications can be turned off in system settings. I do recommend this headset for a high-quality gaming headset! Very nice
Good quality headphone
Really light. Amazing sound. Very flexible cord. I think the noise cancellation must be good since my son completely ignores any of my calls for dinner or tidying up.
Brought these for my son. He wears them for family outings and when we’re home . He struggles with a lot of back ground noise so these have been helpful.
Great headset
Yet another Razer product that is one of the best yet still gets outdated with worse versions. I love the surround, really feels like a chopper is flying behind me and I can hear the footsteps from any direction. Like I said, some tweaks are needed for you to get the full potential out of them, I think the standard EQ is really flat on the mid section and waaay too over the top for the bass. I just turned that down in the software. The mic has noise canceling and attenuation. These sound good in theory but I ended up just turning them off because it was making the mic quality awful and the sound muddy. I might be bias because I just got these after using some Behringer DT990 pros... they are really crystal clear and open back. Its nice not to have any sound leaking out and to enjoy a bit of bass once in a while though. Also, PLEASE BRING BACK RGB ON THE NEW RAZER KRAKENS! people always say its not so big of a deal because you cant see the rgb... However how many people stare at their mouse and keyboard. I like the rgb because it gives everyone around my setup the edgy gamer vibe.
Absolutely perfect quality for the price
Quality product! Sounds perfect
Gift for my teen, he loves them, got them on sale so better value again..
5*
Perfect for gaming, and the mic sounds really clear for what it is.
These are brilliant for the price. They work on like literally anything and they are very high quality
Re revised review. Kraken Tournament Edition Xbox one ps4 wii u and pc tested. Nice clear speech bothways Good volumes nice and loud. No distortion when you crank up your fav shooter and nice quality on adventure games. The THX dongle for pc (does work on ps4 as a amped headphone) so a little louder than just plugging in the controller, although thats loud anyway. Good all rounder tested with dolby atmos and worked a treat on xbox and Netflix atmos supported movies. Many times in online multiplayer shooters I have spun round and killed players because this headset allowed me to hear them coming. Always a plus. Comfort. Light, comfy cool gel earphones, glasses wearers these are excellent to, over head band you forget is there no over sweat issues either. Durability these will last as long as you look after them, a lot of metals in the build quality, shame the cable isnt removable incase the wire was ever damaged but not an issue here. On pc you  may find the mic doesnt work when you plug in your USB THX dongle, Please install razers synapse software to control the headsets volumes and features and all is perfect. Hope thats helps, anyone that reads my reviews know Im harsh on items and know what Im on about, Ive been in the electronics game years and know quality wise whats good. These are good. I give overall 8/10 as always room for improvement. A good solid buy.
Great product, my boy loves it.
Bought as a gift for teenage boy. He is happy with purchase.
A******
I ended up buying a second one for my son I was that impressed! Would definitely recommend this product!
This headset has good sounds quality but a really bad mic. I expected more from this headset than my g231 since this one is more expensive. The sound quality was better and it is way more comfortable. What makes me annoyed with this headset is how bad the mic is. Its grainy, unclear and picks up breathing way too easily. I would recommend lowering the mic volume and pushing it away from your mouth so you dont make your teammates ears bleed. I like how comfortable the headset it though, it doesnt press against my glasses and it doesnt press against my head like my g231 did. The earcups are thick and feel nice around your ears. Im glad I got this on a deal since I wouldnt buy it for its full price. The box includes a headphones/mic splitter which is good. I would recommend if you need a comfortable headset but dont used the mic very much.
Sound quality excellent,when playing Call of Duty,Red dead Redemption, can hear footsteps approaching which gives an edge to the game.Impressed.Worth the money paid for the headphones,purchased at a bargain,Thank you Amazon.
Like everything
Good quality and design, large ear ups a a big plus for the sound quality, plus I game for around 3 hours on average at a time and I have glasses, so I can safely say I would highly recommend these, my only complaint is that the cable could be a little longer, but the included extender should be just fine if you really need the extension.
10/10 deffo buy
Thrilled with these.
I used to have 275 Bose headphones and I broke them. I decided to try these Kraken Pro Headphones and I can say the sound quality is so much better. Very durable, ok noise cancellation... no problems so far.
I previously had a pair of kraken mobile headphones when I put these on I immediately noticed how comfortable they are compared to my previous ones. I haven’t tested the microphone as I do not plan on using it, but the sound is great I use both wires and just plug in the part for headphones (it comes with a cable that splits  for pc ports)
My son loves them.
I needed to find a headset I could wear with my glasses, that didnt make them dig into the side of my head and cause me pain. This headset is perfect! The headset doesnt clamp down on my head like others, and the cushions are so comfy. It can make you a bit sweaty if its warm, but its perfect for what I wanted.
I love them! I’m so happy I choose then
Great!
Really pleased with my purchase.
This headset is can pick anything in game so it is a better play
Use mainly on the Xbox one and found these to be pretty much the perfect budget headset for anyone. Great sound and mic quality is superb.
best headset ive had in while some people bash Razer but very good indeed
Omg my son loves this cancels all noise level need 2 go in2 his room in order to speak 2 him . He had turtle beach b4 and he said this is a far better set. Ticks his boxes big time
Used for gaming (Rainbow Six Siege on PS4 mostly) I wanted high quality audio whilst playing in comfort, so far these have been excellent. The sound quality is better than any other headset I’ve used in the past, very clear and it really helps playing FPS online. Durability wise I can’t say for sure as I’ve only had them a couple of months but going on the quality I’d expect them to last forever as long as I look after them. Noise cancellation is superb, I can’t hear someone talking to me from feet away, you get real immersion into the game.
Really good headset the leather pads gets hot tho so ordered some cooling ones
Its a really good headsets for gaming. Its conformable, good sound and microphone. The wired is really good and resistant. I recommend this product.
Great quality for the price.
This is my favourite headset for gaming. Well built but light so you can wear for hours and not feel the strain. The sound quality is really very good, with excellent 3D sound so you can tell which direction things are happening just from the sound alone. Its really helped up my online gaming. I would recommend the oval over the circle ear pads as they seem to fit my ears better.
Good build quality and comfortable to wear for hours at a time if desired, easy to use volume and mic inline controls along with great sound and mic quality
Ok
Worth it’s weight in gold
This is a great headset with really good sound, although I don’t like the loose fit as it feels it can fall off easily.
I upgraded to these headphones from some turtle beach X12s and the sound quality on these is top notch! They feel so comfortable to wear for long periods of time which is a must for any gamer. The audio controller is easy to use and straightforward enough, but the small audio controller that sits where your chest is can be problematic. If you move your head upwards it can catch on your chest and turn the volume up so its best to always have it on full volume and adjust it on the main audio controller that  sits on the floor or wherever you put it. Im not entirely sure what THX spatial audio does but it seems to make music have abit more bass and overall makes things sound abit better but someone with more knowledge can give you more insight into if its performaing well or correctly. Overall these are a good pair of headphones for the price and have a great build quality and sound quality so i would recommend them to anyone.
Use with software is epic sound and customization.
Headset is working great. I got this as a present for my boyfriend. My bad I didnt realise it wasnt wireless but thats my own fault. But hes still very happy with the present
Great for 49.99 Replaced sons Turtle beach which broke after 6 months.
Great value
THE BASS IS INSANE
I had a pair of the kraken v1 and replaced them with a pair of Corsair hs50s. The Corsair ones were the worst headphones I have ever owned. I replaced the Corsair ones with these and I will never look back. You wont get anything special with these, but they are a solid headset and you always know what to expect
These headphones are truly amazing! Noise cancellation is great, the sound quality is incredible and they are extremly comfy!
Really impressed by these. Got them for 50 and don’t regret it at all
All round good product, love playing Xbox with it as it really emerges me into my game
Look lovely and feel nice I would say just as good as beats
absolutely amazing with the mic quality and surround sound. I would recommend it as well as the drivers on the razer website for even better quality
Extremely well built headset, great sound quality and its nice and loud too. Would definitely recommend. You cant find this quality for this price anywhere else.
Love these headphones, super comfortable!
Decent headset, sound is a bit tinny and takes a bit to get used to. Wouldnt recommend for music but as a headset for gaming it does its job fine, mic is really good, comfortable. Would prefer a button or more rigid volume controller as with the one on it you can turn it up or down without even realising if you brush it accidentally.
:)
Best headset I’ve ever owned, much better than the previous model
Amazing quality
Perfect!! But gets sweaty around the ears
LONG NIGHTS
Great sound and comfort
Bought this for my cousin and from what Ive heard, it is great. Very satisfied with the product. It comes with an adaptor which allows the cable to be split into microphone and headphone for PC.
brilliant headphones, pretty much the loudest on the market , surround cinema sound style , cant beat razer, can also say this works well on the nvidia shield tv product , best for it as others volume can be too low
Very comfortable crystal clear would highly recommend
Great headset perfect for casual and even competitive gaming. Love the fact that the mic its self can fold in when not in use. Would be 5 stars if the ear cups wernt as big aa they can get in the way a bit somthimes.
Used it for gaming on PS4. Works. Like. A. Dream. Beautiful sound and crisp quality with top comfort.
Excellent sound and excellent mic
a bit bulky, but am happy enough with them
Amazing headphones, Work and sound great, can hear enemies in games at a pin point.
You all know razer offers great quality. And as always, with this headset they did too. Very durable metal frame and the most comfortable cushions I have tried. Very stealthy all black look, it doesnt scream that its razer like their other products. The software is very pretty and intuitive, however the thx spatial audio is a little bit worse than youd expect. Some other 7.1 surrounds Ive tried worked better but the comfort is just heaven!
These are truly some great headphones, not to overpriced but still deliver great sound and base! Can not recommend enough!
Using it on Xbox one...far superior to any other earphones Ive used...the sound is Crystal clear...and theyre SO comfortable
With this headset it is the first one that I bought for myself and I am so impressed by the quality and clarity of the audio and the cancellation. I can immerse myself more into games and the surround sound is just gorgeous. These headphones also seem like they will last so definitely worth the money for an amazing gaming headset!
This headset is very nice, however it does lack sound quality when using the sysnapse THX spatial sound, i managed to overcome this by using the dolby atmos for headphones drivers (notes these cost an additional 15) but in my opinion this headet paired with those audio drivers is well worth it. They are incedibly comfortable, most headphones/headsets i have tried hurt your head after long periods of wearing them and must be broken in slowly, however these are perfectly comfable for hours of gaming right out the box. Pros: - Very good sound quality (with dolby atmos drivers) - Extremely comoftable - Lots of controls - High quality and great build (mostly metal) - Easy setup Cons: - Short cable between usb sound card/control hub (bad for cable management) - Out of the bos drivers (synapse THX spatial sound) is not very good (reccomend using dolby atmos for headphones) - Microphone is a bit wobbly (however it does retract)
Great sound quality and build, mainly used for gaming and works perfectly!
Great and good price
Very comfortable. Cant hear anything around me apart from whats coming out the headset! The arch that goes over your head is soft and light but feel over time the material on it might start to come apart because of this. Could be wrong! Quality as a whole really happy with this purchase
Comfortable, good build quality and do the job well
Very comfortable and good quality headset although cable can be annoying at times
excellent perfect
Arrived on time. Delighted with item
I love how comfortable these are to wear and the sound quality is great
It a Christmas present and razer usually make good products.  Thats why I bought it.
Present for grandchild hope he likes it
Good
I’m not an expert at all but I thought the sound quality on these was very nice and noise cancellation also very good ended up shouting I couldn’t even hear myself! Although one issue is with the mic that it constantly echos and I’ve tried many things to fix this but everyone still says it has an awful echo which is annoying
Very good headset for the price you get it for. Does what it says on the description. Use these for both iPhone playing PUBG Mobile and connecting to my controller for Xbox. Sound quality is extremely good (easy to hear footprints & people shooting). Would definitely recommend to anyone that is looking for a high quality headset at a low price.
Headphone is amazing for FPS, surround sound makes all the difference if youre a sound player in R6 or PUBG or any FPS. Very comfortable. Razer perhaps isnt known for the quality reassurance. My headset started developing this static taps every second, on the right side. I contacted Razer support EU and after verifying they confirmed my headset to be faulty, and asked me to contact the Amazon reseller. The process was straight forward, and they basically sent out a new one, due to arrive tomorrow, after 5 minutes into the call. Hope the new one will be perfect!
Really Great headphones, got myself a pair about 2 years ago and I live with the., I always carry them with me, the mic quantity is very nice and I like how the mic can be muted on the headset. My boyfriend loves them so much I had to pick him up a set for Christmas
Great Headset Great Value
Previously owned the v1 if these headsets and it was fantastic for use with my pc and PS4. The v2 keeps all of the good points while adding extra comfort in the oval shapes earcups, perfect for long gaming or work sessions.
Perfect
This is a quality headset The sound quality is good and its comfortable to wear. I have only used this whilst playing games on my PC but it was hassle free to setup and worked straight away as it should. The variety of controls work well and they are easy to use. Over all a really good product that in my opinion most gamers will be pleased to own.
I feel dumb, to say the least; instead of buying the digital version with a USB input I got the analogue headset with the jack input (the difference between the two is the way they process information). I wanted the USB (digital) headset (and the 7.1 V2 Pros instead of the 5.1 V2 Pros) as it can support customizable LED lights, and Im a sucker for cosmetics. Anyway, to get to the point. These are perfect: The sound is crisp and clear Great Bass, treble, etc great surround sound support (for the gamers, footsteps are like elephant stomps) I recommend this product, Razer doesnt disappoint.
Razer is the main company in which I buy my hardware. I currently have a Blackwidow Chroma keyboard by Razer and other previous headsets made by them. Amazing headset. Very comfortable and worth every penny.
Absolutely brilliant for gaming, great surround sound.
Excellent daughter loves them
the best headset i have ever used and trust me i used a lot
Quality product, highly recommend
I ordered these from the Razer website and I am super pleased. I was scared theyd be uncomfortable because of what reviews said but I can wear them for hours on end without my ears or head hurting. The sound quality is good but Im not an audio expert so dont count on my word of that! The mic quality is decent. People can hear me loudly and clearly. I compared my laptops built in mic to the headset mic and the difference was significant, so thats good enough for me. With Discord noise suppression and all that good stuff nobody could hear my laptop fans, just my voice loud and clear.
Absolutely brilliant great quality sound, great mic, great for music and movies what more can you ask for
Very comfortable, quick and easy setup. Sound is great for the price and you can crank the volume with minimal distortion. No complaints about mic quality either, gets the job done. One thing I wish the headset had is an inline volume control with a mute switch. There is a mute button on the end of the mic but I feel like this is a weird way to mute it.
Great bass and really comfortable. Thumbs up from me! 
Perfect sound and material. Software might be tricky.
Razor have a reputation for quality gaming kit and this headset is no exception. It is a lightweight over-ear configuration which I’ve found extremely comfortable to wear for long periods of time. There’s an inline volume control and microphone mute button and an extension cable should you need it, and the headband is of course adjustable to suit a range of head sizes. The microphone is on the left side. Pull it out to use it, the flexible stalk can be bent to best place the microphone. When you’re done, push it back into the left earpiece. This is great, meaning you can use it for music and films with the microphone out of the way. Sound quality is pretty good. I’m no hi-fi buff but I’ve used a lot of different pairs of headphones and these are great. Goes well with the Blackwidow keyboards that support 3.5mm audio.
My son was chuffed to bits with these headphones. He has owned them before but these were the cheapest I could find, so really happy.
Got these to replace some older ones , not sure there as good at the noise canceling as the older ones but just as comfortable mind you. Dont use the mick so can not comment on that bit of it.
The best headphones for that money. The best for 8D sound Music, games and more.
Best headphones I’ve had for a while. First set of razer’s. Previously had Corsair however the sound quality doesn’t match that of these.
Not as comfortable as I thought but good
My favourite headphones in my favourite colour
It came in the normal razer box and it worked complete fine for at least 2 weeks but then the right ear started to become quieter. At that moment I thought that it would go back to normal but it has not done and now the right side completely doesn’t work.
Very impressed with these given how cheap they were in comparison to other gaming headsets
Ok
Extremely comfy. Amazing sound quality. Great build quality.
This headset is good quality, the usb portion works with my desktop PC and the 3.5mm jack works with my xbox one. Its installed its own drivers on windows 10 very quickly and the usb adapter works even with other audio outputs. Wish i bought the green one though.
Have had my issues with headsets not being durable/ being faulty early on. This headset is lastly well for me a few weeks in and is very comfortable barely realise you are wearing it, great sound quality too
If youre looking for headphones with a good build quality and sound quality get these headphones. I bought the white kraken pro v2 headphones, theyre my first razor product for me to have owned and Im super pleased with them. The sound quality is amazing, Im sure if I was gaming with them they would be amazing too. I love how sturdy the frame is and theyre also so comfy and light that I never want to take them off lol
Great for gaming. Sound quality and noise cancelling is good
Overall, very good headset with good sound and a high quality mic. What drags this down is the usb dongle. It says it should work with ps4 but it only works for 10 seconds for not responding. The ‘cooling gel’ last for about 10 mins. It doesn’t get really hot but it can definitely be a discomfort to some. It disappoints me the headset is dragged down by the fact it says it should work on ps4 but it doesn’t. Even when the dongle works for 10 seconds the THX feature doesn’t work and is one of the main reasons why I bought this. If they fix the dongle issue then this would be one of the best headsets
Fantastic headphones
Completely worth the money you pay for them than any standard headset. I really like the retractable mic on these. I use them for my xbox and they plug straight into the controller and work with party chat and sound. You do have to play with the audio settings to set them for your personal preference but this is no issue. Overall i have never used Razer products before but i have a really good first impression with a professional feel and quality all for a good price.
Saved 30 on this bad boy and i love it best purchase ever.
This headset sound is absolutely sublime, lets get that right. It is also very comfy for me, havent had a single issue with that. However I feel the mic sound quality is that of a 2 pair of ear phones, luckily for me I have a Blue Snowball and I also dont have to listen to my mic. Also the retractable mic is quite loose, rattles a lot and feels like it could fall off not sure if mine came damaged are they are all like this?
The headphones were given to an 18-year-old gamer.  The headphones he had been previously using were worth roughly 50.  His comments: They are better at keeping out external noises than his previous headset. Stereo sound quality is good but he’s not an audiophile so can’t comment much beyond that. He didn’t like the THX option that creates a pseudo-surround sound effect.  Echoes sounded particularly bad. When you plug them in (using Windows 8 or higher) the software automatically kicks in and gives you equaliser controls.  The software is easy to control but he’s no expert on what all the settings do. They feel solid and not like lumps of plastic that will inevitably break in a few years.  The ear pieces are comfortable.  The speaker on the right (but not the left) pushes against his ear and becomes painful if worn for 4 or so hours if he doesn’t take them off from time to time.  I assume he means it touches the tip of his ear. The microphone is fine. There is a useful separate volume control for both game and chat volume so you can balance what you want to hear louder.  The different volume settings have quite big jumps so you can’t subtly increase or decrease the relative volumes. He will keep using these headphones instead of the previous set. He gave it four and a half stars.
Until I had my first set of quality headsets for gaming I never really saw the point, but if you get the right pair they really help make the experience more immersive. You get a sense of how the developers designed the in-game sound and this is particularly true of online shooters. With a top pair of cans you can tell where the enemy is - in front, left, right, behind. This is the type of small edge that makes something like the Razer Kraken Tournament Edition. Sound wise they are good, but actually not quite as rich as alternative headsets that I have tried. There is a definite jump in quality over some of the cheaper sets you can buy, but in terms of Tournament level sound they are more on par with a high quality home pair and not high end versus gaming. That is not to say these are a bad pair of gaming headsets; they are top quality. The build quality is high and they feel very lightweight for the amount of bass you are getting in the cans themselves. They also look the part the slick black colour looks great and the chunky cans and headrest means that they are comfortable to wear. The headset works with game consoles easily and with the right game you can feel you get a little edge as you can sense where people are. The wire is well made and not just plastic so that if you wrap it up correctly after use it does not get tangled quite as easily.
I primarily play World of Warcraft as a tank and so have to spend many hours both talking and listening on the headset. The mic is great, I love that its retractable as well. The ear cups are very comfortable, softly padded and without the squeaky noise that you get with some headsets. The cord is pretty long, but it does come with a rubber thing to keep it tidy. The best thing is the colour though, as a female gamer, I appreciate something thats not black, green or red <3
Reasonable quality sound from earphones no crackling or buzzing. Mic could be more substantial but is adequate for gaming. Long term will have to see how good build quality remains and if they fall apart. Do think over priced for headset of this standard and materials  50 is mkre realistic.
Pretty, Really comfy, good sound quality. I did have one small issue however I cant mark the product down for this as I dont know if it was due to the headphones or my PC but my audio drivers messed up after I plugged this headset in I had to uninstall and reinstall however it was relatively simple and didnt take long and Ive had zero issues since. My only other qualm is the noise cancelling is not great other people in the room can hear my sound quite clearly when Im wearing these.
Great headset very comfortable and the sound is excellent. Do keep in mind though that you may have to tweak the eq setting quite a bit to get them sounding right as out of the box they sounded very muffled and poor.
Excellent
Thus far it has been a fantastically comfortable headset with fantastic sound quality. Quite a heavy headset but is also very comfortable so its hardly notable.
Just perfect
Brilliant headset. Previously I had the Kraken 7.1 V1 and loved it and this is a worthy upgrade. Pros: - Robust headset - Brilliant audio without requiring audio card - Comfortable fit - Great Audio Quality Cons: - Lighting on mic is a bit unclear as to when its on or off initially - synapses (razer software) can be a bit touchy at time All in all this is a brilliant product and I would recommend it either as a good first gaming headset or an upgrade on a budget
I found it difficult to discover which headset would work with console. As an Xbox user I was receiving contrasting information. As someone else highlighted, the reviews are for all models of the Kraken range. I purchased the Pros as I read the 7.1s dont work with consoles. Using these with the new Xbox One X controller, I found the volume too low. Fortunately I discovered the mixer and now the sound is great, doh! Silly me. At first, I thought they felt a bit cheap. The build is so light and seemingly plasticy, you cant help but feel underwhelmed. However, they are so comfortable, the light build is superb so maybe I shouldnt judge quality by the weight of a product. I mean I make no apology for this, having upgraded to the Xbox X recently, that feels solid and weight which says quality to me, so Id be interested to see how long these headphones last. I hope this review helps because I appreciate my star rating is rather contradictory to what Ive typed. Maybe youll understand and agree if you take the plunge and purchase these. They have improved my gaming experience since moving from my Turtle Beach XO Sevens. I have used these for a while now and must add that the mute switch seems a little flimsy and feel this is effecting balance at times. It always crackles every time I use the mute switch or touch it be mistake. Would like to see this improved with future models.
Great 5*
 They sound great for gaming. I really like the braided cable. It has a 3.5mm jack, it will plug into any compatible device. To use the microphone function you’ll need to have a combination audio jack. The headset also comes with a splitter cable, if you need to use it with a device that has separate mic and headset jacks. It has an aluminium frame. The plastic used feels solid. Overall it feels very sturdy and well built. The ear cups are lovely and soft. There’s no USB to worry about — so no software to download. The headset is large, but is still reasonably lightweight.  Bass hits hard and explosions have weight to them. They have a nice wide sound stage. It’s easy to hear small details in the background without any distortion.  These are also really good for movies and music. Bass is clean and tight. Highs are detailed and crisp, without sounding harsh. CONCLUSION: I think it’s worth the price! It’s awesome!
TThese are a daft colour, but my son loved their funky green vibe. The sound quality is excellent, in games like Dead Before Daylight where hearing the breathing of potential vicctims or the footsteps of the killer is absolutely crucial for survival, these headphones were second to none. You really CAN hear them creeping up you, like the Amazon description says! They are very light which made me worry they were a bit flimsy but actually they are sturdy, and their light weight makes for extra comfort.
Great sound and functions and comfortable , highly recommended
Love these headphones so comfy an lightweight yet sturdy great sound an clarity
Sound quality is one of the best features including comfort and noise cancellation, this headset is made for long-lasting gaming sessions which makes it a great headset. Also, the microphone is very stable and works with a PS4 controller and PC (not sure about Xbox.) The microphone is very clear and easy to fold back in and out. Over all, this is an amazing headset and I recommend using it.
Amazing quality and incredibl comfortable.
The headphones felt very comfortable, yet the cooling gel is freezing cold for the first 5-10 mins and after, they feel like normal headphone earcups - warm. Also, the sound quality sounded extremely distant and wispy, so gunshots and footsteps could not be heard during gameplay. I have sent these back for a refund. Note: These headphones could have just been faulty, but I dont want to get a new pair, as I didnt like the headphones overall.
Use it every day for up to 4 hours of conference calls. It doesn’t cancel surrounding sounds, it’s better - it makes people on the phone sound like they are in the room. So actually a more realistic result. Excellent!
Its a great headset but you have to configure and tweak it. the microphone is not good and if your not using a separate microphone i dont recommend it
This product is an absolute Kracken wired headset, excuse the pun. First of all, the headset has a smart design and has two available colours: Black | Green.  I have the black, however I personally think I would have preferred the green as they would have stood out more, which is what I like. Instantly noticeable when handling these was the weight; its extremely lightweight! Whilst theyre very lightweight, they are certainly not cheap feeling as theyve managed to make them feel robust in construction.  The ear-cups are over-ear and the cushions are soft and glasses friendly; this in conjunction with the low-weight design makes these extremely comfortable to wear. The audio cables are braided for extra durability, with the main one being completely fixed to the actual headset.  the main audio cable can plug directly into your consoles controller for use with consoles such as the PS4.  The other cable has a THX audio controller which offers 360° positional sound as well as other features; though to use this, you do need to download Synapse 3 for Razers website. Ive been using this headset primarily on my PS4, but also with my MP3 player and I have been really impressed with the sound quality which is very clear, has nice bass and decently balanced overall.  Plugged into the PS4s DualShock 4, you get a really good sense of direction.  As for the microphone quality, basing on a couple of recording through the share function, the audio captured through the microphone was very clear too. Final thoughts: The Kraken Tournament Edition headset is offers a high level of comfort and audio quality, would definitely recommend.
Good item
First appearance gave the impression that these are heavy, because they do appear to be quite bulky. However, they are very light and incredibly comfortable. Connected to my laptop, the sound quality is excellent, although the installation of the Razer software was a bit laborious. The lead can connect via USB or headphone jack, so can connect to a variety of devices. Where I have struggled is getting my XBox to recognise it - it certainly isnt as automatic as the laptop. A very good pair of headphones.
I really recommend these headphones due to the colour, design and build quality. However, the sound is REALLY lacking. So I suggest either getting the Steelseries Arctis 5s because the sound quality and drivers there are incredible, I only switched out to get the nicer design and colour (imo). Or, getting a DAC/sound card or amp, this will allow you to use an external amp or driver software to improve sound quality - a worthy investment since itll boost any sound equipment. And installing a crome / pc volume booster/eq.
Amazing product, worth the cost for a good headset.
Fabulous headphones
Brilliant Product
My son is a keen gamer so I got him to try this new Tournament Edition of the Razer Kraken headset. He has used Razer headsets before, and it is a brand he has been impressed by previously, with a friend having an older version of the Kraken. This versatile Tournament Edition has the benefit of being compatible with many gaming systems including laptops, Sony PS4, Microsoft Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and many mobile devices – my son mainly uses PS4 and laptop. This new Kraken headset has many positive features including very good audio quality – the 50mm drivers are well up to music listening as well as for gaming and comms; the gel-infused ear cushions make them comfortable to wear without you ears becoming hot, and the separate control unit gives easy access to the functions. The THX Spatial Audio surround sound gives good effects but perhaps not as deep bass as with some previous models. Currently around one hundred pounds from Amazon this Tournament Edition of Razers Kraken is certainly not the cheapest gaming headset around, but it does offer a lot of features for the price and is a well-made and flexible design that will gain a lot of fans. Not much to dislike here and with Razers good quality presentation this headset would make a welcome Christmas gift for many gamers and gets a five star rating from my son.
Worth the money ,.sound quality is amazing and quick delivery
High end packaging, really well put together. Sound quality on just the 3.5m on an iphone for music was decent, especially considering the lack of ampilification. Very comfortable to wear. After a sweaty tube ride the ear cups remaining cool., good gel pack content to prevent overheating ears. Software is really good on the PC. Basic mic and volume controls on the wire close the ear cup. When using USB, the control box has a sticky back to fix it to the computer desk; makes it easy to keep in place which is a nice touch as long as you don’t mind always keeping it in the same place. The THX spatial was ok but not as good as earphones which have more smaller speakers contained within the ear cup. This is a good halfway house point. Bass and in game chat controls available on the USB audio controller; excellent idea being able to change the volume of voice chat with the turn of a wheel. Very useful when in the midst of a pressured game with mates online. Overall, typical Razer product; high quality and clearly targeted at the gamer!
These headphones are fantastic! They have lots of bass are very loud and have the chroma razer logos! I would highly suggest these headphones.
Mine just arrived today. Beautiful headset, sound quality superb (with game and music) I havent used the mic yet but its amazingly discreet slipping in and out of the side. They are a tad big, they look slightly out of place on my head but I love them still. I decided to buy the kittykraken ears aswell just coz and very glad I did. Theyre pleasing to look at and very sturdy. High quality fabric on both products would highly recommend. Not sure I will wear the ears out in public but still are supper funky.
Brilliant.  Love it.
I’ve had these for over six months now, and I’m happy with them.  I use them primarily for co-op gaming and they do a good job. I don’t spend a particularly large amount of time gaming, and a session for me typically last about 2 hours tops, but for this use-case they are perfectly comfortable to wear. I like the fact the headphone design is discreet.  The ridiculous aesthetics of a lot of gaming peripherals limited my options somewhat, but these just look like regular headphones - especially with the mic retracted.  The mic is of average quality. One thing I don’t like is how easily it is to accidentally lower the volume on the inline control.  The control is a wheel and freely gains tranction on clothing, taking the volume with it.  This is a minor irritation.  You could easily fix this with a bit of masking tape. The biggest weakness with these headphones for me is that they are pretty bad for music.  If you’re looking for a general purpose headphone and enjoy music, I would seriously recommend trying before you buy.  They’re just too bass-heavy- overwhelmingly so.  I have a separate set of headphones for music so it’s no big deal for me.  Just be warned. For the price I think I would expected better mic quality, but on balance I would likely buy these again.
Great headset! Works for my Ps4 Xbox and PC! Comfy and doesn’t hurt my Ears!
Great headset, good quality sound! perfect for all my games! very comfortable
Very comfortable (Oval earcups), Mic is very loud to the point where I keep the mic pickup volume at 50. Too much bass by default but easily fixed by amending the EQ settings in the Razer Synapse software allowing for the sound settings to be customised to the listeners preference. Works great with my desktop and Razer Laptop and syncs the sounds settings perfectly The physical quality is good and the headphones feel very sturdy which has been an issue with some older versions.
Great set of headphones. Very comfortable and fantastic clear sound. I have used them on my HP Omen Laptop, Nintendo Switch and my S7 Edge. They sound great across all devices. The cable splits into two with 1.2m from head phones to a single jack and another cable about 1.8m that connects from the single jack into 2 seperate jacks for connecting to a Laptop/PC. This cable is quite long and could potentially get damaged if your chair rolls over it so keep an eye out or by a shorter single to double jack cable. There many of these types of cable for sale on Amazon.
good but no that loud
Works beautifully for any video game that requires you to listen closely to your environement like PUBG
my son absolutely loves these would definitely recommend
best set of headphones ive used in a while
great quality
Love them, really comfortable due to their oval cups and noise cancelling is true (cant hear a baby crying)
Ive been using this Razer headset for a few weeks now, both for general use and for its intended purpose as a gaming headset. Its a sizeable bit of kit, built solidly with big round metal ear cups, but thankfully doesnt weigh as much as you might think. The cups themselves are quite tight, which appears to be by design to help attain the excellent level of noise isolation. The ear pads are comfortable though, and whilst they thankfully dont itch after longer use, the inside of the cups can get fairly warm. The cable comes in two parts, with a shorter four-pole cable from the headset, and a longer extension cable that also splits the single connector into separate headphone and mic plugs. The shorter cable contains the volume control (not electronic control, but a resistive dial) and mic mute switch. Its length means that it could be used while walking connected to a phone, which works well for calls. My big gripe with this headset is actually the material that the cable is covered in. Its a coarse fabric material, and when it scrapes on anything (even your clothing) you can really hear it in the headset. When youre playing games or doing anything else noisy you wont notice it, but I found it difficult to watch a movie unless I moved the cable to an awkward angle or stayed very still. Below the left ear emerges the microphone, which is the flexible kind that retracts almost fully into the headset when not in use. A slight downside of this flexible design was that at some point I noticed the mic had rotated 90 and I was sounding quiet. Also note that despite there being holes on both sides, only one side is the actual mic; the other is an air vent. Now for the sound. The Razer produces BIG sound, and needs a bit of oomph to do so from the device its connected to. Its extremely bass-heavy, though that bass is rich and detailed. For gaming, its exactly what I needed: it allows me to clearly hear the clunk of heavy footsteps nearby, the whoosh of incoming weaponry, and the groans of enemies. Listening to music is not a pleasant experience if youve come from headphones designed for that, but the Razer doesnt seem to be; its a gaming headset, and the sound is chunky enough to compete in a noisy environment. I wonder if the good noise isolation and heavy sound might be useful to a DJ using them in the noise of a club. With the sound profile caveat above, the Razer is a powerful contender in the gaming headset world. Its main letdown of a scrapy cable seems like a weird oversight, but one that isnt likely to bother someone mid-game. It loses a single star for these issues but that doesnt mar an otherwise strong performance.
Supergood
Excellent
The overall build quality of these Razer Kraken Gaming Headset is excellent and they feel solid without being that heavy but they are, like other gaming headsets, a bit oversized. The ear pads are thick and comfortable and the gel inside does make them cooler than others. Theres a hidden recess inside the pads to ease the pressure on your specs if you wear them and it does help a bit. The headband is chunky but stays comfortable for extended periods. The sound quality for games is really good while being disappointing for music, overall its a quality sound but its got too much mid-range and lacks really deep bass. Theres excellent detail and that gives a wide and accurate stereo stage, great for games because you can hear where the bullets are coming from and get out of the way. The lack of deep bass makes music sound a bit flat and un-dynamic but its an advantage for noisy games which might otherwise rattle your teeth with every explosion or gunshot. The sound quality of the inbuilt microphone is good but a bit quiet and you might need to tweak the setting on your device so everyone can hear you. The mic retracts into the earpiece when not in use and you can disable with a button on the inline remote control. That remote control also has a volume control for the headphones which feels a bit basic, in my experience these things are prone to developing crackling and cut-outs after time so hopefully Razer have used a decent mechanism inside. Theres a shortish cable permanently attached to the headphones which ends with a combination plug for both headphones and microphone. Its long enough to use with a laptop on the desk in front of you but if you use a larger desktop you might need an extension. You actually get a 2 metre long extension cable in the box and that ends with a pair of jackplugs, one for headphones and one for the mic, so that might work for you. Slightly annoyingly theres no clear indication of which plug is which, only a difference in colour of the isolator rings on each. Overall theyre a solidly made and well-designed pair of gaming headphones but if you want to use them for music as well as games you can find a more exciting and fuller sound without spending any more.
Bought for niece, great fit for all ages. She uses them on everything
Superb! Can’t fault! Definitely worth the money
I brought this headset after been recommended Razer. I could not afford the wireless but this is just as good sound quality, the mic however is a little less quality but is still very good. I have very noisy birds and this does cancel most of the noise out. I have also brought the Razer cat ears accessory to go with this and looks amazing. The style of the headset is like the others just a different colour, I like the pink and grey as it compliments each other very well. Overall I find that this piece of equipment very good considering I never really have paid too much for a headset so the price does match the quality.
Good for FPS and other games,decent for the noise cancellation.
The headline is a quote - not from me:  Im not a gamer.  I get killed within seconds (and thats at a pacifist game!!!)  The author of the quote is my highly efficient game playing son who, disappeared into these headphones for so long that I was beginning to forget that I had progeny:  I guess that covers the comfort question.  He seemed to suffer more discomfort from their removal than their attachment. I am advised that their sound is "amazing", "really cool" and "wow!":  I presume this, coming from a person who has experienced virtually every set of gaming headphones known to man, is a hard earned accolade. If you are a gamer, or supplier to same, these headphones warrant serious consideration.
These are the most comfortable earphones I have ever worn and I have tried out scores of these over the years. The cushioning is so soft and does not squish or squash the ears at all. The soft foam is covered with a very pliable and soft leatherette covering. The headset has a concealed pull-out microphone. The sound is good and the whole package works very well and I have no hesitation in recommending them.
Poor Audio Isolation Mic Picks Up Headset Sounds. Aside from that. Very Good
brilliant value
Very good
Very good price
Good quality though sometimes causes issues and the microphone completely stops working until the Windows troubleshooter is ran. Not sure if this is a deformity in mine, or if its the case for all of them though.
cool
Very good headset, great sound quality, good clamping force around your head; not too tight or too loose. Only wishes for this headset would be inline (or on the headset) volume control and better RGB effects; at the moment the options for lighting effects are fairly limited
Excellent product, excellent service
My son asked for these for Christmas and he is very happy with them.
My son loves these, and believe me when i say he has tried many headsets.He says there better than Astros.5 stars
Amazing quality great audio excellent product
very comfortable and very high sound quality!
Best headset ever! i dont understand how people manage to break it since its very durable.
This headset has mainly been used with PS4.  They have large padded ear pieces which are very comfortable even for extended periods.  The fit is adjustable and should fit most people.  The mic is retractable into one side.  The sound quality from the earphones is excellent, and can cope with high volume.  The mic works well.  For a price of around 70 these are pretty good value and compare well to alternatives.  Recommended.
The build quality is 10/10, the sound in terms of gaming etc. is perfect and gives a surround sound effect, its also fine for regular listening too. The mic quality is also great for a headset. Have owned for just over a year and havent had one issue, dont have any regrets about buying.
Love these would recommend to anyone
they have brilliant audio also comfy
Ive been using many gaming headphones along the wayu as Im a streamer and I can confidently say these are by far one of the best.  The glasses channel combined with the cooling gel make it a seamless experience streaming and gaming for hours, not to mention the good sound quality
Hes had them for 8 months or so and thinks they are great.
Only bad thing is that the sound quality is not as good as a hyper x. Very comfy and the mic quality is amazing, Appreciate the really long adapter that comes with it. I dont know how its still working after the amount of times I accidentally almost fell over it.
Even when you get past the colour these are great headphones.  My only complaint is that they are too light on the head, not snug at all.  so while get at fixed pc, on my tablet etc where I move around the are loose and I dont feel like they are secure. Cancel sound brilliantly and dont make your head hurt, sound quality is great - these are another fab razer product!
These are comfortable headphones (though not as much more comfortable than ordinary headphones as the marketing might suggest) with a good, thump bass, and one unusual feature: the microphone. Most gaming headsets have a microphone which you can remove when using them to listen to music. The problem is, where did you put the microphone when you want it? On this set, the microphone retracts inside the headphones, so it doesnt get in the way when you dont want it, but it is always there when you do. Good thinking on someones part. The sound is ok. Compared to a set of audio headphones at this price point, it is no more than ok. For gaming, this is the complete package: the sounds are tuned for gaming, and you get what you pay for. Theres also a microphone control wheel which seems to be fully analogue. Theres no loss of clarity, so it cant just be a resistor, but it means you get complete, immediate and absolute control. The only downside is that its easy to turn without meaning to. The colour is very vivid green. You will never confuse these headphones with anyone elses, unless they buy the same set. Not the sort of thing you want to wear on the train, but great in a gaming environment. All told, these are good headphones for their purpose, with a couple of innovative features that deserve copying.
Perfect for me, decent sound for competitive play, light enough you cant really tell youre wearing them. However, having issues with the sound becoming extremely crackly and cutting out completely rarely. Does the same on PS4, Xbox One and PC. Not sure if I own a faulty headset but its been about 2 weeks since it last happened
Review of Razer kraken tournament edition Headphones These are now my go-to headphones. They sound really good. So good that I have retired my old favourites. You get headphones and a USB sound controller with a THX, Bass, Volume and a game headphone volume rocker. They appear as two devices in windows one for Chat (headphones) and one for games (speakers) just use the rocker to change the volume from one to the other. So if chat is too loud just move the volume to the game more and vice versa. Sound Highs and mids have such clarity and the bass is adjustable from none to shake your ears off. Note that without the USB controller the headphones themselves are not that bass heavy. They use the THX surround if the game supports it but they are backwardly compatible with other surround if THX isn’t in the game. Using the Razer app you can do this by program (app) so you can have no surround for music without even pressing the THX button Comfort Best of all they are really comfortable you can wear them for a really long session where my old go-to headphones would hurt the top of my ears. Conclusion/tldr All in all they deserve a 5/5 for sheer versatility and comfort. Dont even think I will miss my old headphones.
These gaming headphones come well packed and beautifully presented in aa way that shouts quality. On taking the head phones out of  the box you see that they are indeed quality items. The great padding and the leatherette softness mean the y are comfortable to wear,`i am no expert but my son loves them. h He tells me the sound quality is very good and his playing experience is greatly enhanced
I am not a professional gamer, but I do enjoy spending time playing games, either on a PC or my Xbox. I am not too fussed about amazing headsets, but this looked like something I have never owned before. It came quickly in a big box, containing the headset, the USB volume adapter and a small manual. This manual was very useful, clearly labelling each part, and instructions for how to use each component. The headset itself is very chunky, with thick ear cups and a very thick cushion. Although taking up a lot of space, this also means it is very comfortable and there is plenty of space for your ears, as the cushion is thick, and also has a large circumference. The headband easily extends, allowing you to find the perfect fit without any hassle, and it also contains another cushion, giving it all-round comfort over the head. The sound quality is phenomenal, having an equal variety of sounds. It is very clear, and the 360 degree sound is also brilliant, making the gaming experience very realistic. The retractable microphone is very convenient as it slides easily back into the left ear and so is tucked away. It can then be easily taken out, and used. The microphone does bend, so it can be positioned next to your mouth, and it is also very sturdy. Although, according to a friend, the sound quality from the microphone was not so good at the other end. The sound can be controlled by the volume wheel and the mic mute toggle on the box half way down the wire. This is very small, making it hard to find and also making it fiddly when trying to mute the microphone. The volume wheel does not clearly indicate which way to turn the wheel for a higher or lower volume. This means I had to try both combinations and it was pretty irritating! The package also comes with a USB Audio controller. This is designed to be connected to the headphones and then plugged into a PC or another USB port, to give the sound a larger variety. On this USB box, there are two volume buttons and a microphone mute button. These buttons are quite large, making it easy to change, and the microphone mute button also has a red light-up ring around the edge, clearly indicating when the microphone is muted or unmuted. The USB box also, on the side, has a bass controller, a game and chat balance wheel and a THX Spatial Audio Button. This can all be controlled when connected to the headphones and plugged into the USB port. The back of this box also has a plastic cover, and underneath that is a sticky surface, I assume to stick it to a wall or desk, so it can be in a fixed position. Having not had a headset of this quality before, I am really pleased with this product, and I am loving it. It does the job as a headset, with good sound, a working, retractable microphone and a comfy fit on the head. RAZER has certainly satisfied me with this product!
A very good price for a brilliant pair of headphones. They are quite bulky, but soon get used to them and are very comfortable. Sound quality is good. Microphone quality is good. Anyone I talk to can hear me clearly. Obviously this is not top-of-the-range headphones from Razer, but considering the price, they blew me away. They also have a good stable build. These definitely met my expectations.
Perfect as usual with Razer
The Razer Kraken Pro V2 Gaming Headset is a middle-of-the-range gaming headset that’s ideal for use with a PC / Mac / PlayStation4 / Xbox One. The system requirements for using the headset are: Windows 7 / Mac OS X 10.9 (or higher), an internet connection for driver installation and at least 100 MB of free hard disk space. The first thing I should point out is that the headset is extremely comfortable to wear. The earcups are padded and very soft against your ears and head.  Likewise the underside of the top headband (for want of a better description) is similarly padded, making prolonged wearing of the headset fine.  The headset also fits relatively snugly to your head and blocks out an ‘outside noise’ quite effectively. The microphone is of excellent quality, offering a clear, crisp reproduction of your voice when spoken into.  It is also fully retractable, tucking it away when not in use and includes a handy mute function which lights up a small red LED when microphone is muted.  The volume control and on/off controls for microphone are located on the headset’s cable, allowing for easy access to these controls whilst in gameplay. The audio reproduction through the headsets earphones is of a reasonable quality, although the deep bas can feel a tad overbearing. All in all not a bad gaming headset.  Not the very best quality sound from the headphones, but for the moderate price, they’re certainly of a good enough standard.
Great set of phones. The sounds is really clear - we used a USB adapter for them, and they work brilliantly through it, and we had impressive results with recording too. The microphone design is really good too: flexible and stylish, but can be pushed away when you dont need them, and they are not too heavy for continued wear. Nicely packaged, they are a joy to have.
Great product
This product is the best headset I have had ever. Its comfortable beyond compare. I have quite large ears and the headphones house them perfectly. Previously I had to use two ear cushions from an extra headset I had. My only nag is that when I first logged on to discord to chat with my friends their first comment was: "eaugh [Name], what is that mic, what happened to your old one?" And after more testing, it was found out that my breathing was caught really well as well as every spitty sound that came out of my mouth. I found a temporary fix for it where I stuck the mic as far away from my mouth as possible. If the razor company has a foam mic cover I would highly recommend it.
The sound quality is excellent after a little adjustment of the size to fit perfectly and they really are doing the job -they are very lightweight and super smart too.
Love it
Good
I was really pleasantly surprised at what good quality these headphones are and my 15 year okd daughter has now claimed them for herself. The build quality is good as they don’t feel at all flimsy and all the usual weak points look sturdy and made of metal or strong plastic. The bright green colour is a bit much for me but proved to be a big hit with a variety of teenagers and at least it makes it harder to mislay them. In terms of comfort they’re great as the ear pieces are really soft to the touch and I found they adjusted easily to accommodate my frankly large head. I also like the braided cord as they usually last longer. Sound quality is also very impressive with no apparent difficulty with any medium. We’ve tested them on rock, pop, acoustic, classical, spoken word and games. All sound fine with just the right amount of bass, so not too rumbly and not in the least tinny.  Sound cancelling works well for blocking out background noise and anyone using these will not disturb anyone else with sound leakage. My daughter has been the one to test the microphone and she reports it is clear and works well with Xbox and PC games online. The microphone also retracts really easily too so that they look like a normal pair of headphones when it’s not needed. Very good quality for the price and you can pay a lot more for less quality.
The Razer Kraken headphones deliver great sound and are comfortable too. I found the sound to be impressive and immersive, with punchy bass no doubt helped by the 50mm drivers. They are very comfortable too and I think the attention to detail is great. As someone who wears glasses, the cut-out groove reduces the pressure on the glasses arms, and is much more comfortable to wear as a result. All in all these are top quality headphones for gaming.
Im in love if Im honest. Its so cute. Comfortable and fits well. No issues with sound nor sound cancellation. Very glad I perchased.
You pay a little more for a Razer Kraken gaming headset, but what you get is a good balance of sound quality, comfort and design.  Its nicely packaged, the headset looks impressive in its build, feel and luminous green colour.  Its a classy looking package and no mistake. There are a couple of nice features that are nice to this headset, and theyre more than just gimmicks.  The frame is cool strong aluminium, a lightweight but really solid construction, and its housed in a plastic cushioned headband that feels light and comfortable on the head.  The cups are huge, larger than the usual on-ear headphones and rounded, giving you plenty of surrounding space to let the sound reverberate, so you get a deep satisfying bass.  Theres a cooling gel surround that is indeed cool to the touch.  I thought this would be a good idea as headsets can get very heated on the ears, and while these do heat up its not as much as Ive found wearing other headsets. The retractable microphone is a nice touch.  If you only occasionally use the microphone, this slips nicely out of the way inside the headset, which also means that its protected and wont get easily broken. The sound has impact and is definitely good for most gaming needs particularly when you have it at a loud volume, but it does sound a little flat when it comes to listening to a music.  The dynamic range just isnt there.  Cord length is good, its well bound in braided cloth.  Theres a plastic volume control that is within easy reach and its very responsive.  The connection is is the standard 3.5mm jack that you would use to connect headphones to a PC, laptop, phone or mobile device, so its compatible with X-Box One and Nintendo Switch.  The set comes with a 2-year warranty but I think youd feel fairly confident that its robust enough to last much longer than that without giving you any problems at all.
Extremely worth it.
It makes every sound deep base... kinda messed with game sounds... but overall I am happy with a purchase.
I wear glasses, and often find when wearing headsets they can cause the arms of the glasses to dig into the side of your head. Im pleased to report that with the Razor Kraken Pro V2 that isnt the case. Coming in a green and black box, you can tell from just the packaging that you are getting a premium product. Opening the lid will reveal a well-packaged headset,  instructions and stickers, plus an a mic splitter. As Ive already said, the headset are super comfortable, my glasses dont dig in me. I also have a few piercings including a scaffold and the cups on the headset fit entirely over my ear so it doesnt disrupt the piercing at all. The top of the headset is padded, and the cups really soft and squishy. One of the things I particularly like is how the microphone tucks away into the headset. The headset Ive used in the past had a removable mic which Im always worried about loosing once I take it off. With the Kraken Pro V2 you can just push it up into the headset when not in use. Volume control and on and off switch for mic  are found on the cable, giving you quick and easy access to both functions. Having the mic splitter cable included in the box is a nice touch, and overall Ive found these to be very high quality. Used with a PS4 (yet to try on PC) they do the job. Found that sound and mic were clear. Whilst wearing these I found they fitted snuggly to my head and I couldnt hear much of the outside world, making my gaming experience truly immersive. If youre looking for a headset and have some money to spare you might wish to consider these. Comfy with good audio and commutation, and just feel and look well-made and of good quality, they are well worth some consideration.
This Razer Kraken Pro v2 Analog gaming headset is really pretty good. Ive been using a Creative Labs Sound BlasterX H5 headset and to be honest there isnt really any noticeable difference in quality, despite the reduction in cost. The headset is comfortable to wear, Ive been wearing it whilst playing Rocket League online and whilst I dont play massive sessions they are more than comfortable enough to wear for an hour and probably much longer. The quality of the audio is pretty good - its not audiophile quality but this is a gaming headset so expect the sound quality to be heavy on the bass and treble - the points that games use... The mic quality is surprisingly good, and I like the fact that it retracts if you arent using it . The cable has a volume knob and a mute. It is anaolg so it has either a combined lead, or you can use the split green/pink cable supplied to plug into your sound card. Overall its pretty good.
This headset has great big comfortable earpads, with huge bassy earpieces which sound really good. It’s let down by the poor microphone. The earpieces are huge foam pads covered by thin black vinyl. They are extremely squashy, so they fit the contours of my head - and the legs of my glasses - well. The pads can be removed for cleaning; because they are vinyl, they make my ears a bit sweaty after prolonged use. The large speakers have a good sound with extended bass; they work well with music and with complex game soundtracks. The multi-layered station sounds in Elite: Dangerous are my benchmark: I can clearly hear the announcements and the radio chatter as well as the sounds of ship engines and the sounds of the station itself. The cable comes out of the left speaker. It has a right-angled 3.5 mm 4-core jack on the end (suitable for connecting to a mobile phone or some laptops). There’s a separate extension cable that ends in separate 3.5 mm jacks for earphones and microphone, such as you’d normally see on a PC - this doubles the length of the cable. These separate jack plugs are a bit small, and without legend - the green one is the earphone plug, and the pink one is the microphone. The cable has an in-line volume control that is far too easily knocked accidentally, and a microphone on-off switch that sends a massive “clunk” when you use it. The microphone is this headset’s weak point. It hides away nicely in the left earphone until you need it. It extends easily, and is on a flexible boom, so you can adjust the poition easily. There’s no attempt at a pop shield, so you need to position it well under your chin to avoid breath noise. It’s quite sensitive, but completely lacks bass, so sounds thin and not particularly pleasant. I normally use a separate condenser microphone. If you’re relying on this built-in microphone you may be disappointed. So the earphones are excellent; the microphone a bit “meh”. I’ve been using the headphones for all my gaming and for editing podcasts for a few weeks now; they really are comfortable and sound great.
Excellent sound quality and fit. The ear muffs cover the ears and give good blocking if extraneous sounds. The sound is crisp with really good bass. The microphone is retractable and so ideal if you want to use these for listening to music. Hard to fault and excellent value for money.
I gave these to my son, whos an avid gamer, and has owned several sets of premium headphones over the years. He was already aware of the good reputation that the Razer brand as he owns a Razer gaming keyboard, had so had high expectations. His comments are detailed below. "These are easily on a par with my Turtle Beach Stealth 420s, which are a more expensive model. The construction is sturdy, a good padded headband, a high quality braided cord of generous length with an array of different connection possibilities, and I like the retractable mic. Sound quality and stereo separation is excellent, and even at full volume sound leakage is minimal. I do prolonged periods of gaming and even after 6 hours the headphones remained comfortable. Ive been using these continually for just over two weeks and have no problem in recommending them to anyone looking for a high end set of headphones without paying over the top for them."
Great quality product, well packaged and protected. Very soft and lightweight/ breatheable when wearing. Oval shaped ear pieces great for people with ear piercings as they dont catch.
Spot on
These are big, brash and green. I felt ridiculous wearing them on webcam as they enveloped half my head on either ear. However, get past the fashionable looks and these are the real deal. The sound from the 50mm drivers is sublime. They sound bonker. The bass is strong the slightest sound can be picked up. The ear cups are a tad large, the retracting mic looks a bit weird but it works perfectly. This is the best gaming headset I have tried so far. 5/5
Good headphones but cant use with phone due to it being USB and cant disable sidetone on PS4.
In General I am very satisfied with my new headset. I am just use in it few days now so I cant give a full review. I would love if had more Bass and a better noise cancelation.
The 3rd generation of Kraken is a 3.5mm headset that doesnt deviate much in design from their past headsets. This Kraken is still pretty bulky and still has a traditional 3.5mm cable to connect it to PC or console.  Its also still only stereo, unlike its older 7.1 surround big brother or THX spacial of the Tournament Edition. The headband has a huge amount of cushion around it, great for comfort but it does make it look more bulky.  Likewise, the earcups are heavily cushioned as well and they have a unique cooling gel that works for the first half an hour or so to cool the ears, though after this they feel a little warmer on the ears, but its nice while it lasts.  The retractable mic goes against the grain as its smaller and can be retracted out of the way when not in use. The Kraken is comfy to wear for a long time while gaming, which is why they suggest its good for e-sports, the cable has a break-out box with easy to find controls on and ends with a single 3.5mm jack, though theres also a splitter in the box for PC so that you can plug the mic cable in.  It worked perfectly on both Xbox One (with the v2 and above controllers) and PC. The sound quality is, of course, the most important thing in a set of headphones and this headset is pretty good there.  Its only stereo but manages to impress in action games and those with heavy classical sounding soundtracks.  Its not the best Ive heard but its close and I could certainly hear all the dialogue, music and voice chat really well.
Brilliant
Very comfy, even with having to use a lead. Works well on both pc and xbox.
Echos
The value for money here is very good as I’ve gone through a few different types of headset but this one has to be one of the better ones I have used, it’s very good for all round sound and noise cancellation is great I usually don’t even hear people speaking to me in the same room
I sometimes opt to keep my gaming habits quiet if I am playing late at night, so this pair of headphones does the job fine and is one of the better gaming sets I have tried over the years, more so that the cooling gel keeps my ears a comfortable temperature and burning lugs is often a concern after about half an hour. Theres a liberal amount of padding so they never feel tight (even on a head as grotesquely large as mine). The wire is a decent length and the volume/mic control switch sits about two thirds of the way along. They might be big and bulky, but theyre still helpfully light and the sound quality is very good with a decent thump from the bass. Overall, very pleased with the quality, though I do wish that the black version was a little snazzier to look at, very plain and boring compared to the colored versions.
Buy an audio splitter with this the one it comes with has an issue. It makes it so your mic picks up any incoming audio and outputs it even if your mic is muted. You can look this up it is an well known issue with Razer  headsets. Other than that though the hs is really good.
My son is very happy with these, been using the most with his of and work easily just by plugging in, no drivers or anything. The microphone slides easily in and out so out of the way when hes not using it. It comes with a detachable extra long cable so it can be normal length or super long which is handy. The headphones dome over his ears entirely and he says this makes them much comfiest to wear for long periods rather than his others which squish his ears a bit.
These work well with PS4 and XBOX One (if you have a new-style controller with the 3.5mm jack, they dont work with the old Xbox One controller). I found them more comfortable to use with a PS4 controller, but thats just because the 3.5mm jack is further away from my fingers when holding the controller with the PS4. Either console will happily pipe game and/or chat audio to the headphones. The pull-out mic works well and tucks away neatly when youre not using it. Theres a mute switch on the cable for the mic if you need it. Good points: Theyve got a nice big comfortable head band. I dont have much hair, so having the extra cushioning is quite important to me. The braided cable feels really good and doesnt get tangled. It comes with an adaptor if your PC needs a separate mic input cable, but most will work without the adaptor. Theyre easy to use. Support for controller headsets is really good on consoles, setup is plug and play. Theyre open-back style. I can still hear whats going on in the room around me. They feel quite loose around the top-front of the ear pads. My glasses slip in easily without being forced into my head. Bad points: The ear foam pieces (theyre over-ear not on-ear if youre interested) are round, not oval. Oval foam pieces are available, but I have oval ears, not round ears. I dont understand why any headphones come with round foam as standard. Theyre comfortable, but if they were more ear shaped theyd be amazing. They leak noise like crazy. If youre sat next to me youll head just about everything. Sound quality is good, it just isnt /amazing/. Voice sounds slightly muffled compared to other headsets Ive used. Bass noises (explosions, game music) doesnt sound convincing. I think it could sound better for the size of the drivers. The inline volume control feels cheap. Its not obvious which way is up and which way is down and its easy to get this caught on clothing and changing the volume accidentally. Id have been happy with no volume control over this. Theyre stereo, not surround sound. Perfect for console use, maybe not so good for PC use when you could be using a set of surround sound headphones. Razer do make a which might be worth a look if youre less interested in console gaming.
I do NOT profess to be a big gamer but I know a man who is!! My nephew is a huge gamer and was so excited to try these out. Having road tested them for a week he reckons they are good, but could be better.They are extremely comfortable and sit well on your head. The sound was pretty decent i terms of clarity and depth, but according to him could be improved upon. He hooked these up to a PS4 and found they did a good job at cancelling out background noise too. Its a simple plug and play job so no tricky set up, the only downside is that they are a touch on the expensive side.
Absolutely brilliant. These are better than all my previous gaming headphones. I love the sound quality... sensitive and nuanced but also plenty booming when appropriate. These really improve my gaming experience. Im not very technical Im afraid but I also love the retractable mic.  Great for calls and for multi player gaming. Good value.
These headphones are decent quality for money.  Their construction quality is lower than that of a set of Turtle Beach headphones, but on the other hand, they are half the price, the sound quality is just as good, they are just as comfortable, and Razer doesnt feel the need to soak you for 150 to turn these into virtual 7.1 headphones.  These are the stereo form of the Kraken Pro headset, and for 15 more you can buy the Razer Kraken 7.1 Chroma V2 USB Gaming Headset instead, which fairly obviously comes with virtual 7.1 sound. The headset is comfortable enough to wear, and the cuffs are more than large enough to fit over my ears with pressing my glasses into the side of my head.  The mic is of decent quality, and the cabling is the standard Razer braided cord quality, which is about as good as it gets.  The only real let down is that the volume control is just a rheostat wheel on the 3.5mm cord instead of a control on one of the cuffs.
I got this for my PS4. The sound quality is OK, though for video gaming, its fine. The bass is strong which is great for driving and fps games for instance - explosions, engines etc. To a certain extent, outside sound is blocked, but this is probably more down to the ear cup design, rather than high-end noise-cancelling tech. The microphone quality is good with no issues being heard. Not had any problems running these on my PS4 or when gaming. Highly recommended.
For me, the most important thing about headphones is how good they sound. Whether they’re comfortable is also important, but how they look or whether they’re stylish is a complete non-issue. So the shocking bright green set-up of these, sustained all the way to the audio cables, wasn’t really a turn-off, even though it might be for anyone who was concerned with notions of what’s “subtle” or “classy”. Once you’re wearing them, you can happily forget how bright green they are! So the 4 star rating I’m giving is based almost entirely on the sound quality, which is pretty good but not brilliant. As you’d fairly reasonably expect from quite large bulky cupped headphones, they have a good balanced frequency range on them. The top end is clear and simply handled, and the bass reproduction is about right for my tastes, neither too warm and boomy, nor too thin. For games with expansive and immersive sound design, these are a pretty solid affair. However, the sound is just a shade on the cold and hollow side. There’s a shade too much echo, and for rich music or particularly ‘close’ sounds, there’s something about it which is just a little bit too thin. It’s a subtle difference, but it’s the difference between good (4 stars) and brilliant (5), and for the current asking price, it’s just marginally not quite as good as I was expecting. Comfort-wise, these are pretty good. The cooling gel ear pads are definitely a nice touch, and on a hot day like today you can definitely feel a subtle difference in perceived temperature when you take them off for a few minutes then put them back on again. The gel also gives a nice padded soft touch that makes them comfortable. They don’t exclude or drown out quite as much sound as the last over-ear headphones I tried, for better or worse. The retractable microphone is another nice touch as well, if like me you spend the majority of your time using them without needing a microphone, as on other headphones they clearly get in the way. The quality of the microphone is alright- you won’t be recording any chart-topping vocals on it but it’s perfectly adequate for shouting at strangers in online gaming, for sure. Ignoring the colour- which some other people may choose not to ignore- these are some very respectable cans, but they fall just a little short of brilliant.
Extremely comfortable with great quality sound – 5 stars The first thing I noticed when using this headset was how comfortable it felt to wear and how lightweight it was, this is ideal for me as I wear glasses. The earpieces provide the perfect amount of cushioning and feel like pillows for the ears, this headset is perfect for prolonged use. I have used lower quality headsets in the past that become heavy and uncomfortable after a couple of hours causing pressure headaches and ear pain, but this headset is light enough and provides enough cushioning to remain comfortable for a good long gaming session. The headphones provide amazing bass sound when listening to music and for in game sounds. My friends have told me that the microphone provides great quality sound (I can’t tell myself as I can’t hear myself!). The microphone has a nifty feature where you can slide it inside the headphones when not in use, the cable has a volume control and on/off control for the mic which is helpful. Overall this is great headset for the avid gamer, brilliant quality sound and amazing comfort. I would highly recommend this product.
Tried and tested by a gaming 16 year old these headsets were dearly loved.  They are so comfortable to wear over your ears and feel solid and well made.  The construction is good and feels as if it would have been designed by one that would wear headphones for long periods of time when gaming, to know where the comfort is needed.  The sound is crystal clear and the players hear me well too.  There is nothing that I can find to fault this headset so buy with confidence.  Recommended
Got these for my bro and his ps4 apparently they work a treat.
At long last - headphones which block out most external sound, but are incredibly good at keeping your ear temperature at the perfect level! They really comfortable to wear; they are lightweight, well padded and are easy to adjust to the right size for your head. There is plenty of room for bigger ears, but they dont swamp smaller ears, either. As a glasses wearer, I can confirm that the headphones dont press too hard on the sides of your face, even though they manage to block out a lot of sound. The hidden indented eyewear channels obviously work a treat! The sound quality is really impressive, too. Songs with high bass levels sound great. It is really easy to adjust the volume with the remote attached to the cable. Easy to accidentally change though, if you forget its there and move your arms a lot. Theres also a really easy microphone mute/unmute button next to the volume wheel. Its red when muted, and black when unmuted. Its great to have this on a sliding button where it is (i.e. away from the mic itself) because its much easier to use and see when its on/off. The microphone itslelf is great. its so helpful to have it retract when you dont need it, so its not in the corner of your peripheral vision at all. Its easy to adjust when its out of its home, and easy to pull out or put back, but you do need to use one hand to hold the left ear while you push it back in. The cable isnt all that long, but does come with a handy extension - this is great, as it gives you options, whether you play with a laptop or desktop PC etc. I would definitely recommend them!
This is a well reconstructed headset. The band and the earpiece mounts are solid aluminium, the pads are easily removable (wish Id got the oval pads, but didnt have the choice.) And the whole thing looks great. These are really comfortable, a 3 or 4 hour sessions is easily doable. The do get a bit hot though. While they feel heavy in the hands, theyre well balanced, and the weight is hardly noticeable. Theyre also comfortable when wearing glasses. I tested these on three separate devices, my phone, a Win 10 tablet/notebook and my big gaming rig. Phone: The sound through the headphones is a little muffled, but the phones output isnt really designed to power such big drivers. That said, my wife thought the sound over the  mic was really clear. Not a valuble test, but the phone was next to me when I opened the box! Win 10 Tablet: Like with the phone, my tablet has a single 3.5mm combined headset socket.  With this, the sound quality was much better, though like all headphones with 50mm+ drivers, the bass is a little overblown. Just need a little adjustment in the equaliser. I dont play any online multiplayer games on this low powered machine, so I used windows voice recorder to test the mic. Sound fine, though I need to turn the mic input up quite a bit. Gaming rig: This is a hit and miss affair. I have a Creative ZxR soundcard, which is mainly designed for music production, though its also great for games. It does have a major design fault, which Ill cover in a minute. Sound quality is excellent. Okay, the bass is still overblown, but I like that when playing FPS and racing games. Makes the gun fire and engines sound heavier. Okay, so it doesnt sound as good as either my old monitor headphones, nor my current high end Sony headset, but given it costs 1/3 the price of the former and half the cost of the latter, its good value. This is where the problems start. The ZxR hates low impedance microphones. Ive used professional  mics on this setup, and had no problems. But even My Sony headset is barely usable. This is impossible to use. In fact the only way I could get a decent level of volume out of the mic was to place the end of the mic between my lips. Which was pointless, as I was unintelligible. But as I said, this is a known problem with the creative Z range. Just to prove that this is a problem with the soundcard, I plugged the headset into my Xbox One controller and after turning up the mic volume in the recording settings, got a perfectly usable sound level out of it. The downside is the sound output is monophonic only, so no nice stereo effects over the headset. So, if youre in the market for a high end headset, and dont use Creatives Z series of soundcards, youd have to spend a lot more to get anything better. Personally, Id get the oval ones, and possibly in Green. But thats because I like fading into the background...
My son has been using these with a Mac.  They were super easy to set up (no drivers or messing) and work perfectly.  They are very comfortable and light with excellent padding around the head and ears (note: the ear padding is round rather than oval). Sound is superb and his friends are able to hear him clearly using the moveable mic. Overall a great pair of headphones from a top gaming company. Highly recommended
The Razer Kraken Pro V2s are a good set of headphones from a well-regarded company. They are great but have a couple of niggles which I have knocked a star off. But they are still worth getting. Firstly they are plug and play. No Bluetooth which is fine by me so ever ready and no charge down time/battery change etc. But you have to take care of the plug in lead. My son who is my test pilot has ruined several sets this way. The headset is comfortable but needs breaking in first. It can be tight at first. There are a few tricks and wheezes to  make them comfortable. When broken in they are a delight to wear. Light and not the sweathogs that others can be with their tons of insulation. So cooler and more comfortable to wear. Looks wise they are good too this is not a consideration its the sound and comfort that counts but it is better to get good looking ones rather than a fugly set. Sound wise they are a good choice. Gamers should be well satisfied. The decent mic can be tucked out of the way. The acid test for me was my son who is the usual X Box player. He discarded his regular sets straight away and has not had them off since so that is a recommendation and a half. Niggles. That mic most users agree that during play you cannot turn off the mic so you hear yourself  constantly. True you can push it away BUT many complain them can hear other players mics constantly. And there are some heavy breathers, mumblers and monotone hummers out there. So there you have it. A good set of headphones from a good reliable make. Comfortable after breaking in- not sweaty or too hot. Mic able to be pushed away- decent sound. Plug and play a winner. Thanks for reading.
Comparing these to my 200 Philips phones, these are a bit more boxy sounding in the treble region but nice and bassy though. A decent pair of headphones for the average user, I didnt use the mic part as I am not a gamer just a person who listens to a hell of a lot of music on my phone, HiFi, Alexa etc
A reasonable headset with a good sound range. Used in PUBG (for the online mic) as well as Skype, and general gaming and videos for audio testing. Quite tinny in higher ranges, its fine as a gaming set but wouldnt recommend for wider use. Hearing game noise (player footsteps, shot direction) was perfectly fine and so as a gaming device these work excellently. Sound quality on the mic is acceptable and suitable for purpose.
Razer Kraken - Gaming Headset 5* Boom My eldest son has been bugging me for a gaming headset to use with his xbox one for a while now. The poor quality one which ships with the console broke a while back and for online gaming a replacement is essential. This product is packaged beautifully. The box and innards are premium quality and opening this almost feels like you have received a quality watch. The product itself lives up to the promise of the unboxing. The bright neon green colour is pleasing, the solid metal sliders to adjust sizing look like they will last and the padded ear pieces are great. The braided cord is fantastic and length can be added with the extension. This ear phones have inline controls and the plastic wheel to adjust volume, although easy to use on the fly, is perhaps the only let down in premium finish. In use the earphones are loud and bassy and the retractable mouthpiece can be adjusted so fellow gamers can hear you just as well as you can hear them. As mentioned these headphones were tested on the xbox one system (new style controller with the 3.5mm jack at bottom) but these can be used with any console or PC with a 3.5mm jack or 2 stereo jack connections. Both myself and my son love this headset and it is a high quality product if you really enjoy your gaming.
These headphones are very well made compared to some of the cheaper headsets my son has had and the noise cancelling is apparently great too as he never hears me shout that his meals are ready. Should last a few years so Id definitely recommend them.
This is a really great headset, and it works in PC, PS4 and Xbox One. The comfort factor is high, as I found with my last headset that my ears would get sore. These fit around the ear comfortably. The mic is retractable, and can hide in the left ear piece, which is pretty cool. Connects straight into the aux socket, so you will need an adapter if using it for Xbox One. Great headset all round.
Best headphones Ive ever had. Colour is beautiful, sound is amazing quality, Mic is good for gaming. Only downside for me is Mac dont pick up on the mic just says they are headphones
It is great for gaming, and the 7.1 is very precise, not to talk about the awesome bass and the control about everything
Its a great headset for the price, if you are looking for a headset that has amazing quality audio, this is not the headset for you, this headset is for general gaming and general listening experience, it will not blow you away with the sound quality its just a nice overall headset that has all aspects covered.
Ought for son great headset sound great and mic picks up voice without shouting
I am a personal lover of Razer headphones and for a long period of time used the original Kraken headphones the V2 are an incredible upgrade. The wiring is much nicer and fills me with security that unlike the V1s they will last for more than a few years. The Headset fits comfortably over and holds a a lot of the features i loves about the previous version which was comfortable material and a feeling that nothing is there after a few hours of gaming. Other brands given me compression headaches but the Krakens have always been perfect for long gaming sessions. Delivered on time and in typical great amazon fashion. Amazing product from Razer
Bough for doughter as she wanted the kitty ears to go with them. Grate sound. Comfortable. Good quality build. Excellent for the price. No usb connection with this set., so can be used with mobile phone, tablet ect
Love it <3
Great product and great quality amazing sound through these.
They were brought for my boyfriend. He loves them. Uses them on Xbox, PlayStation and his pc.
Good product, bought it as a gift. Quick delivery and as expected!
I’ve had lots of gaming headphones, I’m using Turtle Beach ones at the moment, I’ve found them to be the best at this sort of price range, you never really know what’s going to be delivered with some of the China brands, I’m not familiar with the Razer products, on receiving them they do look like a quality product. First impression on construction are a well made, look great and fit perfectly on my head. As with any product that produces sound, they can look great but no good if the don’t sound great. First impression are that the Sound is very good, great depth to the sound, clarity was good when it needed to be, when gaming I’ve found some headsets to lack in crispness when needed and to focused on the booms etc, these worked really well. Microphone worked perfectly, the sound on the receiving end was both clear and loud, no complaints from the receivers. Construction is very good, the weight is perfect, the padding is very comfortable, and the mic positioning works great All in all an excellent pair of gaming headphones, I’ve used these on my PS4 connected to the controller. If I have a negative its price, at just under 78 there a little expensive, the Turtle beach I’m using were under 50 and these may be a little better on sound not sure the price justifies it.
The Razer Kraken Pro V2 headphones have exceptional sound quality for both music and gaming, with very immersive sound when used with a console. Voices and direction of voices was clear when playing Rise of the Tomb Raider and Watchdogs 2, giving a surround sound feel. They also cancel out surrounding noise well, which is helpful if there is a lot going on around you while you are trying to game. I used with the PS4 which has simple and easy connection to the headphone jack in the controller, with plenty of cord between the headphones and controller. There is only one setting that needed changing for the audio output once plugged in however this was only for the first use and now the audio changes automatically to the headphones when they are plugged in. The cord has a lovely material finish which I found was a nice touch. I found these headphones very comfortable for long periods with no pain or discomfort after several hours. The pads and headband band covered with padding provide good cushioning without causing sweating or overheating in those areas. They are also lightweight. I also found that the retractable mic was a nice addition allowing the mic to be pushed back into the headphone out of the way when not in use. However I can see this being a more fragile aspect of the headphone if someone was particularly rough with them.
Wearing headphones while gaming is a must. The sound quality is fantastic. I really like these headphones. They are heaver than cheaper headphones out there but you are paying for quality. I connected them to my PS4 and the sound quality is brilliant. Im not the biggest person and find that some headphones can be quite heavy but I did not find it with them. Star Wars Battlefront is my game of choice, The sound of Star Wars is one of the most important thing. You cant beat hearing a Tie fighter cornering.  The sound of a Thermal Imploded exploding is clear and crisp. You can feel the sound of your gun as you lift it up to shoot. Love it. The headphones being 50mm you are totally absorbed in the game. I did find that after a couple of hours of gaming my ears did feel a touch sweaty. I also wear glasses and again after a few hours it did start to feel slightly uncomfortable. But defiantly well worth buying. You do feel totally engrossed in the game.
Theses Razer Kraken Pro V2s are headphones you want to love, but a couple of niggles mean it falls short of greatness. I have been using these with an Xbox One. - The sound is very good. I am no audiophile but it is crisp with good bass, and overall very immersive. - These are simple plug and play - no wireless bluetooth here - but this is a good thing, removing the hassle of having to charge. - They are comfortable once broken in, due to the excellent foam pads and being lightweight. They were a bit tight to begin with and needed a bit of stretching and use to fit comfortably. - The retractable mic is neat - just push it out the way if you dont want to use it. - One problem I have found is that you can always hear everyone elses mics, which ruins the immersion quite a bit when you can hear breathing and movement all the time. I couldnt find a way to turn it off. I suppose this is ok if thats the way you like to play but it puts me off using these for online multiplayer.
Honestly a great headset for sound... the Mic will need adjusting. Also not reccomeneded for recording/streaming
Very nice piece of kit
Liked; - i liked the colour options (i chose black). - the overall look and feel of the headset. - that they feel very comfortable. - the sound quality is great. Disliked; When the product arrived the seal on my headset had been broken (the plastic sticker sealing the box) however nothing was missing and the product works perfectly fine. Though i did pay full price and when you pay for a new headset at full price you expect it untouched and sealed on arrival. Still, Im overall happy with the product and would happily recommend it to anyone.
Good product for good money. Good sound and quality.
Extremely high build quality for the price. Compared to similarly priced headsets Ive owned this is much better. Would highly recommend.
good quality deep bass
Sturdy, well built headset. Would definitely recommend. Great sound and microphone aswell.
It is a real good headset with a lot of options it is just on the big bulky side. You are given an extra cable so the mic can work on PC and just an aux so you can plug straight into a controller or a aux port. I like that the mic is retractable and can stay hidden even when you want to use it. Sound is really good and you will not be hearing anything outside of the comfy cups surrounding your ears. In fact the headset itself is very comfortable and can be worn for hours without any issues despite how big they feel. As you can tell that is my biggest gripe, if you are not going be wearing these outside of your gaming room then all is well.
Perfect
Fantasyic
Good product and good qullity
It a very nice headphones to be honest. Sounds is absolutely marvellous and my opponent hear me very clearly. Lovely and comfortable staff 
Great phones, although a little bit sweaty. Recommend though! Glad I bought them 
Awesome headset for gaming. The sound quality is excellent and you can really pick up all the intricate sounds of the gameplay which you might not hear as clearly with just the telly speakers. Very comfortable, even for longer having sessions. Retractable mic is very handy for storage. I would highly recommend to any game looking for a decent bedstead at a reasonable price.
Unbelievable, so clear.
HAPPPY WITH HEAD PHONE.
The sound is so clear with a crisp sound. The comfort is incredible
Brought for my son, loves it
Only 3.5mm Jacks work on ps4.. The USB adapter isnt compatible with ps4.
Headphones feel very well made and have a very professional look. Worked as expected. Sound quality is very good however I feel there is tiny room for improvement to allow slightly more bass while having more crispy high and mid frequencies. Mic works well and apparently is very clear according to my friends. They are also very comfy for longer gaming sessions. Would definitely recommend  .
To start with these headphones are not cutting edge tech. No bluetooth or other wireless functionality. They just plug into your devices headphone jack or into the line out and mic in jacks if you use a PC or laptop. Whoopee!! Just what I wanted. Nothing Dolby this or 7.1 that, just an honest pair of head grippers that sit nicely on your bonce and put out good quality sound with the optional microphone in the left can. Even that slides back out of the way if you dont want to use it. All great so far by me! Im a fan of Razer stuff, having paid the thick end of seventy quid once for a basic five button and scroll mouse from them. Its literally bullet proof and works to 10000dpi resolution. So these headphones had a high bar to reach with me as I want to remain a Razer fan. To start with, build quality is excellent. Almost. The back of the cans is a bit chocolate-box plasticky and that would give me longevity worries. The headphones are exceptionally comfy. Ive got quite a large head as Im on the big side, and they more than fit my skull with room to spare. The earmuffs are soft yet feel durable in a synthetic leather material. Sound is not audiophile quality, its E-Sports quality. Lots of attention given to the parts of the range which counts to gamers. The over-head piece is made from aluminium but covered in padding so its flexible and light, with a mesh fabric where it would meet your scalp or hair. Over the top is a synth-leather cover with the Razer name embossed. The cord is a lovely braided finish that Razer also uses on other items. If its anything like the mouse cable Ive got it should last and last. There is a headphone volume wheel and a mic on-off switch for basic functionality. Down the cable is where the extension lives, going from single jack for mobile devices to dual jack for PCs etc. This is a sensible length for those who might need to go round the rear of a box to plug into soundcard out/in jacks. Good design here. So..anyway if these are good enough for PewDiePie then they are good enough for me. Just a shame Ive got that reservation about some of the plastics in a vulnerable spot or they would have gotten the full five stars for me. As it is, its a star barely lost because for their price they really are a well-priced item from a well-known and trusted manufacturer
Honestly, I have tried many Headsets but this is the best. Great sound, beautiful design and super comfortable!
Excellent headphones
nice, comfortable, very good sound quality and powerful, but not as much bass as I was expecting. Anyway its better that the previous version, has various improvements.
Outstanding audio quality for Gaming and just listening to Music. Ideal for Gamers or fans of music with a little more Bass. Very light, meaning they can be worn for long periods at a time but also meaning that excessive extra padding on ears isnt necessary but once you get past the size of the cups this is a great headset for the money. No microphone issues as of yet.
I think is one of the best headsets for gaming and music also
Well, it looks like this is my last Vine review. It looks like Amazon do not appreciate considered reviews and would rather people spam out 5* reviews on delivery out of gratitude and without testing the product. I already have the Razer Kraken 7.1 Chroma V2, its a nice headset, but the mic could be better and its uncomfortable for long periods of time. This is almost the same product, but updated after feedback was taken from pro gamers. So is it an improvement? … Yes definitely. The earphone foam cushions may feel too squishy and insubstantial when you open the box, but they are exactly what is needed to make this the most comfortable headset I have ever used. The old foam cushions were too firm and the old frame too solid, so eventually you felt like your head was in a vice - not anymore - some complain that the frame feels weak, no, its not, its lightweight yet strong. Now the mic and the main reason for the delay... this could easily have been a 2* review as the mic was performing abysmally. However, the problem was with the Razer software and Steams new voice chat. Do not use any software adjustments, noise reduction cuts out your own voice far too frequently for example But overall the software is an improvement on the old model - just do not try to use it with previous models - that the older headset wants to use the old software and it is not compatible with the new software suite - and if you have the previous version of this Razer headset you will need to uninstall the old software before plugging in and installing this. The mic itself now retracts into the headset which is a nice feature which should also prolong the life of the mic. On recording my own voice the sound quality seems better too. The THX upgrade is appreciated - USB sound quality is improved with added breadth and depth (with some equaliser tweaking). And directional sound is improved over the Kraken v2. Also you can plug the headset directly into your own soundcard instead, except you are limited with the cable length being around 5ft (add another 2 metres cabling from the THX box to the USB connector). One feature added from the pro input is a switch to bring forward voice chat over game sound. This is pretty much a failure and can be ignored, the only noticeable difference to reduce sound overall. For me the Tournament edition is clearly superior to the Kraken v2. It is worth it for the comfort upgrade alone, but sound is improved, the mic (if you dont use the software enhancements) is improved and thats pretty much the 3 main things required from a headset. Its a shame that Razer dont go all out for improved speaker quality in the headphones, but for under 100 we cant have everything.
Very good
Amazing headphones! Great quality and would definitely recommend!
Very nice and comfortable sound is really good metal frame means it will last long over all defo worth it
Works great, amazing sound and chroma lighting. Just doesnt work with Xbox but perfectly with PC
These headphones have rich and crisp sound and are great for any gamer !
Grandson loved these !
Positives: Audio is great, it sits comfortably on the head. Not so good: Razer synapse software isnt the best, mic can behave strangely
Love the product could be a little tighter on the head
Amazing
Great, mic is great (no echo) comfortable 5 stars
Looks great and sounds nice
Had a few pitfalls with this headset, but read this and dont be discouraged... #1 Registered the headset on the Razer website. Then I downloaded Razer Surround, it asked me to register headset for a key for the Razer Surround Pro licence,  but I couldnt because Id already registered it.  Had to contact Razer support, thirty minutes later I had the key... #2 My mates were always complaining I sounded far away, it seemed to be that moving the mic from 3mm distance to 2mm from my face solved this.... Nearly sent them back at this point... However it appears the default enabled setting of Sound Normalisation within the Razer Surround was the problem, disabled that setting and finally a very happy man. Great sound quality, mic finally doesnt sound poor.  Avoid these pitfalls you wont be dissatisfied!
Very comfortable and perfect for hearing my games over annoying family
These headphones are a solid choice for the price you pay. In terms of comfort they are very light and you sometimes forget you even have them on. The sound is where it lets itself down a bit. These are very bass heavy, not so much that theyve over done it but it seems to drown out the mids slightly and thats something some users may not like. Personally I enjoy bass heavy gaming. When I compare these to my Turtle Beach XO Seven Pros I cant help but think I may use these more. The turtle beaches have a totally different sound stage to the Razer Kraken Pro V2 so I may have to use them for certain games. I definitely dont mind alternating between two premium headsets! Overall for the 65 I paid Im very happy with my purchase. I think Razer have done a solid job with these especially when it comes to comfort.
Great product
Good
Best value for high quality.
Bought for my son who loves his computer , he tells me these are amazing . They block out the surrounding sound . Good quality
Very Good
Great headphones, very happy son!
Used it for casual console gaming, very good noise cancellation however other people may be able to hear game noise outside of the headphones. Yet i was very impressed with the comfortable design and durability, as well as very good sound quality. The stand outs feature has been the mic which is exceptional for extremely clear in game chat. Highly recommend
Used for gaming
Very good, nice bass, very loud and intuitive controls
Great headset. It works straight out of the box!
Perfect for my xbox one
Great product no complaints from my son who is really into gaming he said it’s comfy doesn’t dig in even after having in on for long periods
After using a rubbish, uncomfortable headset that must have cost no more than 10, I decided to look at more expensive headsets. After reading reviews about the Razer Kraken Tournament Edition headset, I decided to bite the bullet & buy them, they are superb. The sound is excellent,  they are very comfortable to wear & the mic is good when talking to friends online. I use them for my Xbox one, & they are night & day compared to the nasty ones I had been using before I got these.
Brilliant sound , comfy to wear.
Extremely comfy! Using 3.5mm Jack for Xbox. There is a usb cable for better sound but the Xbox does not support this. So I use 3.5 Jack. However you do not get voice feedback from your own voice so somtimes I think Im shouting because I cant hear myself.
Overall good headset, however be aware that the microphone may not connect sometimes and have you trying to plug it in and out for 5-10 mins till it finally connects.
All over its a really good headset. The Mic quality is good but has no noise cancelation which means that its Will pick up audio from around the room. The audio quality is really good for the headset but the only downside to this head set is that you cant use the spacial audio with xbox or ps4. I have looked online everywhere and you can not use the thx with console it just doesnt register it. But if your a pc gamer i would recommend this headset to you but for console not very much.
Good over all gaming headset, good surround sound and great for locating a noise in game
Razer arent stingey are the quality of their products
Great. Very good sound
Very good
Very comfortable whilst gaming for hours. Sound quality is excellent for the price. The mic is very clear when talking to others
This headset is great, good sound quality and a very clear mic. However, they don’t work as well on the PlayStation 4, not too sure about the Xbox one. On the PlayStation 4 the sound tuner provided only works on PC, so you’re not getting the full benefits of this headset. Overall still a very good headset despite the PC exclusive features.
I’ll ignore the fluff and get straight to brass tacks; I have three headsets to compare; the new Logitech G432 (which is an upgrade to the long running G430), the Sennheiser HD25 (a classic pair of audiophile headphones; cheaper than many more recent audiophile headphones, but in my opinion still one of the best for audio), and of course the Kraken. The Kraken is better than the Logitech. The Logitech is a one trick pony that relies on its emulation box of tricks (via its USB connection port). Take the emulation box away and plug straight into audio-out and the G432 is just not that good; it sounds hollow and cheap. The Kraken and G432 are more evenly matched if you use the G432 via its USB port, but then you still have the plasticky Logitech bodywork that looks distinctly old fashioned (its pretty much unchanged since the G430; a 2013 model!). Out of the two I’d pick the Kraken overall. Taken on its own as a gaming headphone, the Kraken does well. There’s simply nothing bad about it. It feels sturdy because it is metal. It is very comfortable, and the sound is perfect for gaming (and movies). It tends towards bass without sounding too muddy, and the stereo separation is good. It rarely goes into distortion at high volume. I used it for a good long session with a modern game that supports modern gaming audio standards (Metro Exodus) and have no qualms with the performance. You also get good noise cancelling via the ear cups; they physically muffle the outside world (bit of an understatement; the ear pads are actually an inch thick!), and you don’t have to turn the volume up much to completely cut out external noise. The ear cups are equally  massive (4 inches across, and stand 2.5 inches out from your head on either side – proper aviation headphones!).  These are chunky headphones, but also surprisingly light and comfortable. Oh; an additional bonus if you wear glasses (or a head tracking frame); the cups are soft and designed not to press on your glasses so you won’t get sore ears. Theres no LEDs or any such fluff, but if you pick the green headphones you dont need flashing lights. The green is very bright and eye-catching. Think neon green marker pen! For listening to music, the Kraken does great given they are gaming headphones. A bit weak in the mids and tends towards bass but that’s to be expected because so do most gaming headphones. Tested against the HD25 and listening to the Battlefield 1 soundtrack (specifically the Flight of the Pigeon), the HD25’s absolutely kill the Kraken in the mids and highs (and equals it in bass) but again, that’s okay because the HD25’s kill most gaming headphones for music. Listening to bass heavy music (Born Slippy by Underworld), I cant tell the two headphones apart, so for things like dance and rap, the Kraken may be a good choice. The Kraken may tend towards bass, but it isn’t as muddy as lesser gaming headphones in the mids and highs.  Perfect for listening to music if you are studying because you get decent sound and very good noise cancelling. Overall, the Kraken is actually not bad for listening to music, especially as you don’t need software drivers to make it sound good (as per the Logitech); you can just plug it into a standard audio jack and you are good to go. Plus the HD25’s are not at all good for multiplayer gaming (they don’t have the wide sound-stage that competitive gaming requires, and of course don’t have a mic), so even if you own a pair of audiophile cans, you still need something like the Kraken if you are serious about your gaming. Downsides? None really. The only issue you might see is being fooled into thinking they are open cup headphones because of the grills on the sides. They are not; the grills are just for show! You probably wouldnt wear them out either, as they make you look like a cosmonaut... unless of course youre in Baikonur where the look is bang on trend. So overall, the Kraken is a very good set of gaming headphones, having a very wide sound-stage, decent power in the bass area because of its large drivers, and because it doesn’t require any software, is actually a decent set of general headphones. They are also very comfortable to wear. I actually can’t find much to fault them as a pair of gaming headphones (there wasnt actually much to say about using them as gaming headphones because they worked so well!); all the bases are covered, with no unexpected weaknesses.
Razer Kraken Tournament Edition: Thx Spatial Audio I really like these Kraken TE headphones from Razer for a number of reasons. The sound is fantastic, rich and full and the bass is adjustable separately. The Razer Kraken Tournament Edition is a wired headset that can connect just using a 4 pole 3.5mm jack. This is an audio standard supported by many devices allowing both sound output and microphone input on one plug. The nylon woven cable is just over a metre long and has an inline volume control and microphone on | off switch. Connecting direct to a phone or iPod on the move with this cable is fine. Using with an iPad and laptop likewise. The cable is a bit short for anything else. That’s not a problem though because this headset is designed to be used with the included USB audio controller and provides another 2 metres of cable. This USB controller connects via USB type A to your PC or supported console at one end and connect to the headset with a 3.5mm jack at the other. This audio controller provides a toggle switch to adjust bass, a push button adjustment for volume + and another for - along with a button to enable the microphone. There’s a red LED around the microphone with so you know when it’s active. There’s a separate toggle switch to adjust the balance between the volume of the earpieces and the microphone for in game use. The controller is branded THX and there is a spatial audio switch which works within the downloadable Razer Synapse 3.0 software. Even without this feature enabled the sound from this headset is very present and engaging - there’s a wide soundstage - there’s the illusion of space for every instrument or sound in the source which is very believable. Just listening to the Suspiria soundtrack with this headset made me jump and have to look behind me a couple of times. Which brings me to comfort and fit. This an over the ear headset with large ear pieces which are nicely padded and contain pressure reducing gel. The head band is of a single piece design which is padded and adjustable. Wearing this headset for a couple of hours at a stretch is no problem. By design people who wear spectacles may also find these more comfortable as there is a channel in the earpieces which accommodates the arms of your spectacles so that they are not pressed against your head by the headset. By nature headphones are quite isolating and these do block external sound to a large degree and at a reasonable volume have very little spill to the outside world. If you are sharing space with others your sounds shouldn’t drive them mad. This headset has a similar retractable microphone to other Razer models - being housed in the least ear cup and adjustable on a flexible wand. Others have reported that the microphone is the weak link in this type of headset - I’ve not used it in game chat and can’t be critical of that - I have used it for recording some narration and it’s usable enough. The big feature of this headset is the THX spatial audio and I found the sound so good without it - for this review I took the plunge and registered with Razer and downloaded the software from the website - wondering how much better the sound could possibly be. I downloaded Synapse version 2.0 for mac OSX. The headset is plug and play via USB on a Mac running OSX 10.11.6 showing up in the sound applet and selectable in either game or chat mode. To use the headset with THX spatial audio though you need to be running Razer Synapse version 3.0 - which is Windows only and suggests Windows 10 compatibility. I have not tried or tested this on a Windows device. Wired versus wireless - other Razer headsets have a wireless option - and going wireless can set you free if you need to roam - the downside being the requirement for charging and possible interference on the 2.4ghz band with other wireless devices and unstable connection quality. The Razer Kraken Tournament Edition headset is described as also compatible with PS4 | Xbox | Switch and many audio devices as well as with PC and Mac. As mentioned the Synapse 3.0 software is only Windows compatible currently.
Good headphones, survive alot of falls aswell
Nice and comfortable
