I own the first edition, and struggle to find a headset that matches its bass and sound pressure despite owning a hyper-X with bigger drivers and just got the V2, V2 build quality much better but the sound may have wider range but just doesnt have the bass and overall volume as the V1, sent them back. The v1 headband snapped quite easily, i taped it up and glued it with apoxy long ago... but after 3 years the leather is flaking everywhere... Ive ordered another Kraken V1 through Amazon actually lets see if the build quality is consistent with my older one
was good but just broke :(
Please help. This item stopped working 3 days ago and was bought as a Christmas present. It is no longer eligible for return but surely should be covered if faulty.
The volume keeps lagging when I’m playing a game. There terrific all round just every 10-15 minutes you get a lag in the headset!!! It puts me off using them.
No separate adjustment for chat and game volume
Does NOT work with Xbox one! USB connection is not supported. Seller needs to change description. Now need to send back for a refund!
headset doesn’t fit my head, compared to razer kraken 7.1 which does. oval ear cushions seem too long, hang down below my jaw so sound escapes through there. my cheap 20 headset fits better for me and almost sounds as good as these ones. also seems to be very quiet sound.
After two months the mic stopped working on these.
Headset came and the quality of sound was brilliant nothing to say about that, then there was the mic.. this was not being picked up on my computer very well. Due to it being analog you couldn’t change the sensitivity or volume of the mic so there was nothing I could do about it.
Comfy a decent sound quality but mates have complained about how I sound through the Mic, expected better Mic for the price but other than that its fine
We bought these headphones on the 3rd of March 2018. The audio sound doesnt come through the headphone on one ear. Weve had to order some more. They should last more than 6 months at 80quid. Please advise us on what procedures we can do to have a refund. Regards jayne beddis
It picks up audio out and transmits it over the mic line. Even when the mic is muted, if I have a song playing everyone on discord can hear it. Checked every setting and all connections. Just ordered a new line splitter to see if that fixes the issue but I dont have much hope. Piece of crap, regretted it right away but i mistakenly throw the box out so I am not able to return this hung of junk. Wouldnt even give to a friend for free it is so bad.
there is no noise cancellation whatsoever as even small sound coming from the headphones gets picked up by the mic which makes it useless for communication. The mic output volume is incredibly low, to the point where you have to increase the gain a huge amount making the quality unbearable.
First of all the headset is comfy sounds good and the mic is decent. IT BROKE IN 1 DAY. The headset creates a rather loud rattling noise by the left ear. This extremely distracting when playing any games, maybe Im mental but its unbelievably annoying right by your ear so theres no getting rid of the noise
The overall quality of the item is good , but the sound is just on another level of bad . The sound were like muffed and for witch this headset is made(gaming) its a no go. You cant hear footsteps properly and they are distorted . The 7.1 is not bad , but thats pretty much it . its totally not worth the money , there are way better headsets for less money , not recommend at all .
These do not work properly on the Xbox one as the usb doesnt work so you only get basic stereo sound. But the cheaper version of these headphones for the exact same experience.
Never been so underwhelmed by a headset for its price point. I have used many more cheaper headsets that offer better and fuller audio. Only buy for the mic because nothing else -- not the fit, design, or audio -- is worth the price.
I bought these 3 month or so ago. After 3 months of use, thats what the wire looks like now. There is no sound anymore. I feel the money has been totally wasted. I got in touch with Razer Support and they have declined to provide me with any kind of resolution. I do not think this product is value for money. I suggest you spend your money on a different product.
Purchased 22 April 2018 microphone stopped working after 2 months.
I bought the Razer Kraken V2 for my son who has an Xbox one S. They are a nice looking headset very comfortable and the sound quality good. However they cut in and out due to the 3.5mm port on controller being not sturdy. I dont know whether this is due to the headset or controller.
After just over a month of minimal use, the headset has developed a static sound which occurs on multiple different PCs with multiple different jack splitters, after contacting support i was basically told there was nothing that could be done and that i couldnt even connect the product to there Synapse app because the this version of the headset isnt supported on any of there apps. i overall had a negative experience with this Razer product and i personally would not recommend purchasing it as your paying for the name rather than a decent product .
This headphone is a gift for my little sister, however they didnt even bother to pack this, the label was stick on the headphone box and doesnt come off.. The box is dirty and slightly broken.. This headphone box looks like it had been opened before, it doesnt look brand new, it looks like someone re-packed it.. The headphone itself is quite cute, I think for that reason I give it two stars, but everything else are bad.. :( for people considering buy this headphone, just be careful as I had this really bad experience... I dont know if you can get it from their official website but get it on their official website or elsewhere if you can..
Misleading marketing.  Surround sound and everything on the amp only works on pc. Console players only recieve basic stereo
I was really looking forward to trying these, the publicity was very convincing. The colour? Mmm, still deciding. The comfort was excellent covering the ears completely. The sound was ok. Playing War Thunder and Battlefield I and V I didnt really pick up the THX Spatial Audio effect especially when there was a lot of gunfire and explosions going on. It also seemed to mute the sound of my gunfire a bit. But the worst and most annoying aspect, or is it just me, was the faffing about every time I tried to use them. Going into Razer Synapse each time setting them up and even then they sometimes would not work. I could not just plug the phones into the phone jack either because that didnt always work. Sent them back and gone back to using my Beats headphones. Much better.
Bought the device for high level competitive game play and yes the sound quality at first was okay but none of the buttons work to alter sound level and the mic is pathetic. not at all happy, stay away dont buy!!
Bought this as a present for a 15 year old, however they did not fit well over the ears. It was way too big and therefore noise cancellation didn’t work.
The sound is very poor - I have sony earphones that go in the ear for 12 and those sound better. The microphone is also very poor in quality. Ive plused 20 and got sennheiser gsp 300 - those are worth the money. This is not worth more than 15. On the plus side the durability and material+make+comfortableness is absolutely great for Razer. Thats the only plus.
They sound bad, bass heavy and muffled. Synapse and surround is a joke, plus the Razer apps don’t save your audio settings either after reboot. Go buy HyperX Cloud Alpha or Sennheiser Game Zero for quality made products that deliver.
This headset feels well built and comfortable and my friends told me that the mic sounded good, but the most important thing to me is the sound quality and this headset is lacking in that department, i just couldnt get a good sound out of them, with music or video games. I am returning them and have bought the Sennheiser GSP 500, i would recommend spending the extra money as the difference in sound quality is huge.
Razer Kraken Tournament Edition: Thx Spatial Audio - Full Audio Control - Cooling Gel-Infused Ear Cushions - Gaming Headset Works With PC, PS4, Xbox One, Switch, & Mobile Devices - Black. I bought this for my sons Christmas present only to discover the headsets 3.5 jack connects to Xbox one controller,the synapse 3 which is needed for Thx Spatial Audio and other features doesnt work with Xbox one. (if im wrong please help) My 13yr old son is really upset,as am i.
Great build quality, sturdy cable and comfortable leatherette ear pads However... sound quality was bested by my old turtle beach xo ones. The bass is superb yet the mid tones and high notes are drowned out making it feel like the sound is 100m away and its muddy and empty.
Plastic construction quiet mic but good sound nice and comfortable overall good
Please do not buy this headset. The microphone can pick up noises from the house across the street let alone any background noise. My friends in party chat had to mute me.
The sound is terribe and the mic doesnt work correctly.  I have the V1 version of this product (which I loved) and got the V2 hoping for the same or better experience.  I dont know if I got a lemon or a cheap chinese amazon knock off but these headphones were a rip off!!!!  NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER.
Im relatively annoyed. I havent really had too much of a need for the mic as I have a Blue Snowball, however whenever I have used it I apparently sound like a robot. This is the second headset I have purchased from Razer, the first lasted a good couple of years. After such a time the USB cable went faulty, understandable thats a long time. After replacing the cable with the severed connection it dropped out again, so I came here and bought these. My headset cable is not pulled taut, Im sat next to my PC which is on my desk, and yet in 13 months the connection again, is faulty. I do not stand up wearing the headset, I do not pull the headset, I am so close to my PC for such an event to occur would take me physically forgetting their existence and walking out of the room with them on my head. Yet still, the connection is severed. The sound quality is good, but the durability is off and the mic is borderline terrible.
Awful I got them out the box and plugged them into my Xbox and there was just this crackeling sound and my friend said I sounded like I was in a box also If you have a small head like me they are massive will be returning them
Bought these on prime day thinking they would be an improvement on my Original pair. They are not, in alot of ways. The sound quality is far more empty and hollow sounding. The fit isnt as good as the original pair. The build quality was fine but with larger earcups I was expecting more in terms of sound quality. Disappointing headset but I returned them and got a refund so Amazon customer service came through a treat. Just upsetting they couldnt improve on the V1s.
1 STAR: Why? Comparing both Razer Kraken Pro 2V and Razer Kraken Pro 7.1 Chroma V2 AGAINST my old Razer Kraken Pros V1, both have been a massive let down. 1. The sound quality is nowhere near on par, funnily enough. 2. The bass doesnt compare, considering the V2 ear pieces look 1.5x the size! 3. Comfortable? Barely any adjustments, the older krakens are better like what the hell? The only positive If found was the packaging was nice as always, the product seemed cool, but when it comes to performance and comfortness, it simply lacks, Im sorry but after purchasing some new memory foam ear pads for 20 Ill keep my old pair and wait till something DECENT comes out.
Decent Headphones with good build quality. Quite open around the ear with decent sound and mic I think personally there are better priced equivalents but if you want a well build decent sounding head set these are definitely up there. The ear pads take a little while to soften up
My Razer kraken has been NOTHING but problematic since I opened it. - I have to unplug and replug my headset each time I restart my PC because it sounds like its underwater. - Razer Surround keeps switching to the "HammerHead" optimisation each restart. I wish I just bought a HyperX headset. To anyone reading this, buy the HyperX Cloud 2 Headset!!!!
Where do i start.. Mic straight up doesnt work. As soon as i plugged it in it started installing synapse, very faulty trash software took several restarts to work and after it finally did the headphones literally dont even show up as available devices. Sound quality wise its a big letdown from the kraken chroma 7.1 i previously and currently have to use but thats somewhat expected without the proper settings from the software. Worked fine on my phone but thats not what i bought them for. Comfort wise its fine but it doesnt add up for all the problems. Overall just avoid id say just buy the kraken v2 pro maybe or the chroma 7.1
Good headset but I bought used and it said it was in very good condition yet the right ear doesnt work. Probably gonna send it back and get my money back
Worked with Xbox One S, but broke after 6 months use.
9/10 for a PC headset, incredibly loud, surround sound, good customisability but on console not so much, as a console headset it’s definitely more of a 6/10, surround sound is no existent, volume is limited, noise cancelling is the same. Not ideal for anything other than PC usage but it can be done
The mic is way to sensitive, for a 70 headset I dont expect to have to lower the volume on everything to basically mute just so my friends cant hear my game or whatever im watching on youtube. If your only going to use these for headphones theyre great, but if your going to use the mic, Id say skip these and do some more research into other headsets.
I take good care of my stuff and if im gonna be paying this much for a headset i would definitely take extra care of it, so here is my honest review pros: pretty aesthetic, was good for the first couple months, sound is decent and mic also. cons: not the best quality, had multiple problems where people could hear my game while playing online (fortnite etc) static noise, mic stopped working multiple times but its broken now, isnt the loudest ... its really nothing special
Broken after 3 months of hardely any use. The wire is short and the audio quality is only good for bass as it handles mids terribly, please stay clear.
This is a stylish and well-built headset from Razor. Theyre made with a robust aluminium frame which feels high quality and durable. Despite being on the bulky side, theyre lightweight and sit comfortably on my (large) head. They feature round pleather earpads which arent the most comfortable at first but after a good break-in period, theyve contoured to my ears and now feel very comfortable, lasting a good few hours before I need a rest. The headband is well cushioned and fits my head perfectly. The microphone is ingeniously designed to retract and store in the ear cup when not in use. Microphone quality isnt great which is no surprise for me given I had the same complaints with Razers Kiyo webcam. Its sufficient for casual gaming, but any serious team gameplay needs a louder and clearer microphone. Sound is OK for a gaming headset but in no way would I describe these as audiophile quality - certainly no good for music. They have a laid-back sound signature with boomy bass which overpowers the mids and highs. EQing with APO Equalizer does get them sounding considerably better for PC gaming, but theres not much you can do to improve sound on gaming consoles. Ive also got the Logitech G433 which have much better sound quality. Overall, these are an average gaming headset - fine for casual gaming perhaps, but serious gamers may need to look elsewhere. The similarly priced Logitech G433 headset has better sound and microphone quality.
Not exactly what I expected from Razer. Heavy bass, poor mic (wobbly and feels cheap). Bulky design, poor isolation and not greatest software support.They tend to get a bit warm after a couple hours of use.Decent for gaming. The wired design means they wont have any latency when gaming.
These have a weak and very undurable design. Annoyingly quiet audio, especially for metal lovers. The only positives I can give it are: Pricing, it is surprisingly cheap for a mainstream branded product Analog semi-decent microphone.
Sound quality disappointing
box arrived in bad condition was actually surprised the headset worked and also it didnt come with a audio / mic splitter adaptor cable.... will never buy a razer product again
I have had 2 pairs and that have both gone wrong in some way I will not be paying for another pair worst headset I’ve ever had I’ve had one from H&M and has lasted longer
Received in damaged box, with 2 more items and have struggled to get some returned
Great
Does not work with PS4 unless you plug it into the controller. Pointless. Didnt bother trying on PC as I have far superior headphones so cant comment on sound etc.
Bought it in May 2018, been 5 months and it’s stopped working all together
Ive owned these headphones twice. For the price, theyre great. The only downside is the microphone is flimsy and broke the first time after a couple months. These new ones I just brought came broken in the packaging! Of course using a headset microphone is bad idea anyway idea but thats a shame. For the cost I was able to get mine for however, the head phones alone are worth the price.
Bought two pairs at xmas for kids, not the cheapest but thought was going for quality. Wrong ... after a few wks of use one of the ears has no sound coming through and the microphone doesnt work either.
Bought as a gift for my son ,he loved them until they started playing up only after 4 months of use ,have tried fixing them so will see how much longer they will last
Brilliant headset, awful build quality. For the first 6 months its great then it starts to cut out, more and more frequently. Until the twisted, jagged wire just decides to stop working all together before youve had it for even a year. So many comments warning of this in places online that I chose to ignore and now Im stuck with a broken headset after about 8 months and a warranty thats so complex its just not worth the hassle.
Sound Is Muffled Not Sure if they all come like that or these were faulty but i prefer my old hyper x cloud 2 not good headset
After opening the parcel, I found the box with several creases on where it seemingly was opened with little care, and after opening, I realized that the microphone had jagged edges and had been snapped off in some places. I tested the audio and there were no faults and I was overly pleased with how the headset functioned and the quality par the microphone. I have returned the faulty pair and will be ordering a replacement since I am pleased with the headset on the whole.
I have had a fair few headsets for gaming over the years but they have all been Turtle Beach,  my last headset was TB x42s which have served me well but thought i would see if i am missing anything so ordered the Razer Kraken Pro V2 Headset, it is comfortable on the head and easy enough to set up. The actual sound out of them is good but what ever technology they are using to give the surround sound effect seems to swing between each ear way to aggressively and just makes you feel dizzy but what lets this headset down big time is the one volume control on the wire connecting them to the xboxone controller and the side tone out of the mic is way to low for my liking...
I heard great things about these and was excited for them to arrive. However, as soon as I started using them I was very disappointed. I should say that Im a composer so I place extra value on sound. These were unnecessarily bassy to the point where everything sounded muffled and muddy. The high end was unclear and fuzzy. Overall, the frequency response on these are terrible. I sent them straight back and bought some turtle beach stealth 600s and am super happy with them. I should add, Ive heard theres a way you can mess with the EQ in the Razer PC application but Im a console gamer and therefore this was not possible.
I cant use this with my xbox one as it cant connect to my controller i wouldnrmt have bought it if i knew this
Razers software really lets this piece down, the mic quality is pretty terrible and all of the softwares enhancements are sub par to the enhancements given free by windows.
Very bad design I miss Razer from the past. Dont buy it try to find older version
This is an excellent product which delivers on all fronts. The quality of the build of this headset is exceptional. The retractable microphone is a great idea as it is not only user friendly but also a great space saving feature. The benefit when space is limited has been something we realised almost immediately. The USB adapter provides a great opportunity for maximising the sound experience. I highly recommend this headset to any gamer who wants noise cancelling and excellent crisp sound with durability, ours is already well used and performs very well every time. Sadly, it is now a couple of weeks later and the microphone has stopped working...and we have been unable to resolve the problem - just thought you should know!
Dont use with ps4
I thought I would finally pay out and buy a "decent" headset. As a daily discord user and player or multiple games a headset is important for me to be able to use. However, the microphone is so sensitive that I HAVE to play with push to talk on or the echo is unbearable for my friends. Sometimes it works fine, for example, when I listen to music. However, my friends can hear every game I play and themselves without push to talk. I have downloaded all the software and edited all game sound and discord sound with no luck. Which is annoying, as a healer in world of Warcraft, push to talk isnt very helpful when youre trying to keep people alive! However, I would say that colour is super pretty! The lead is super long which is nice if I need to move around. It also sits comfortably on my head and covers all my ears.
Very comfortable to wear and they feel like real good product and well made but the bass is lacking a lot in the sound and I also noticed the sound doesnt turn up very loud, this maybe to avoid ear damage but its a bit too low. The USB plug in worked first time as soon as I plugged it in and even the lead can be detached to use as music headphones with volume control and Microphone (mainly for games etc) but even with system volume turned up full and headphone volume the sound its pretty low, too low really.
Cheap and nasty but with a premium price tag, my advice is do not by these.
This review brought to you by my 8-year-old son: Dear Amazon, We recently received a Razer Kraken headphone package. I use it for many of my video games as well as YouTube and Twitch viewing. I only use these on the iPad and this is what I think about it. Its comfy, with good audio and a very nice mic when it works. The volume controls on the wire are smart. What I think could be improved is that I find that the mic sometimes doesnt work properly, with my friends not being able to hear me clearly. I dont know why, because its fine sometimes. UPDATE: The mic has now gone completely dead and the connection to whatever its plugged into (iPad or phone) is constantly shorting out. Its now not able to be used. Im very surprised that in 4 months a headset of supposed quality can so completely be worn out. The only user is a 9-year old who is only allowed screen time 3 days a week after school.
Headset is full of issues, sometimes my friends can hear their voices, sometimes they cant hear me and sometimes I cant hear them. Ive messed with all the settings possible and have all my drivers up to date, I think the spitter cable is faulty. Dont pay a premium price for a bad quality item.
Crap headset (UPDATED AT THE BOTTOM) I have had many headsets in  the past. They didnt last long especially some expensive headsets. All of them were uncomfortable and couldnt stand long hours of gaming however this Razer Kraken Pro V2. Does everything you need it to except 7.1 however you can have this feature using Razer Synapse surround sound (Free) allowing you to use virtual 7.1 surround and still sounds great. The headset sound amazing with a crisp high quality audio with very good bass as I like to have bass as well as gaming. I use these for gaming and they sound great and for music use even better. Not a lot of headset that has one for both gaming and music. The only downfall of this is that not only do I use these for PC gaming but PS4. On the PS4 you dont get a lot of sound volume compared to PC where its louder. On the PS4 it sounds a little lower but not too much for gaming. Its exceptional. I recommend using a very good amplifier for the headset to the PS4 to get better volume out of it. In all the headset is great and I rate it at 4/5 stars due to the less sound coming from the PS4 and not being able to have 7.1 (console). This is very good for PC gaming especially because you get more volume and more bass to it as well as customising the settings using Razer Synapse (free). UPDATE - Okay so after using this headset for awhile it seems to be annoying due to the fact that the wires are really long when I connect it to my PC. It gets stuck under the chair which is a big issue if I wasnt aware and accidentally pulled it away along with my PC causing damage. Honestly Razer there is no need for a very long wire its just causing problems thus I set the stars to 3. UPDATE 2: After using this for some time now its so bad only because of the wires. The cables have ruined the headset due to it being so damn long like really? Its not necessary and now my wires always get stuck underneath my swivel chair. Avoid razer at all cost.
Didnt even get the Razor head set, its a scam. Got a used 20 headset in the razor box, absolute joke that this happens specially near Christmas
Opened new headphones and started hearing strange crackling sounds at the background when I played games or listened to music. The issue is with a bad jack and problem appears on every device I try them on. A slight move of the jack on phone downgrades the sound abd also wierd noices.
Rubbish will never buy again
**EDITED** So I have been using a pair of Astro A40 TRs for the last year or so and although the sound quality is amazing, they were very heavy and were very uncomfortable after longer gaming sessions. So I thought let me give these a try as all my other peripherals are made by Razer, and lets just say I was not let down! First of all these headphones are a lot lighter than I expected, which helps for longer sessions of gaming or work. They come with a usb adaptor for the PC which works well, but also has the potential to work on consoles without this separate adaptor. I have tried these on my PS4 and was very impressed with the sound and mic quality. The mic as mentioned is retractable and when retracted automatically mutes the mic. There is a separate remote on the headphone wire that allows to adjust volume and to mute the mic for when using without the usb adaptor. The usb adaptor has those functions too. The wire of the headphones is made of a fabric type material and is very good at not tangling, unlike traditional plastic coated wiring. The ear/head cushions are a tad bulky in size/looks but they are so comfortable, like actual pillows for your ear and head. Only thing I wish is that the sides of these headphones had the razer logo light up, like the other razer products :P If you are into PC gaming and play for long hours, definitely buy these headphones 5/5 ^__^ -------- Unfortunately since writing this review, I have had the mic on these headphones stop working, I then ordered a replacement which then a month later had the same issue, because of this I will have to lower it to 3/5 stars because it might just be my luck or a serious issue with these headphones
Bought from Amazon Warehouse Deals, so obviously it had bits missing and had to be returned. I did get to hear the sound quality of these which is not the best. Too much treble in my opinion and people said my voice was very tinny sounding over the mic. Wouldn’t recommend these.
I had high expectations of this gaming headset, having been impressed with some other Razer products. The headset comes beautifully boxed, the headset itself looks great, and is very nicely designed. You get an in line volume control and microphone mute, and the headset is comfortable enough to wear for prolonged periods.  It is compatible with Xbox One, PC, PS4, as well as a number of other devices. I tested it with my Xbox One. In game chat was clearly heard. and sound is good, although not particularly outstanding. The problem came when a couple of players said my voice sounded odd, with a pronounced echo, as if I was speaking to them from another room. This has been the case with all the gaming sessions I have tried these with since, and on three different platforms, so either the microphone has a fault, or it is an unsatisfactory flaw in the microphone. As I said the THX spatial sound is good, without ever being really outstanding. Good bass and treble, but not as good as some of the cheaper gaming headsets I have tried over the years, including some other Razer models.  Tested with streamed music they sound pretty good, although they do not go loud enough for my liking. These arent the cheapest headset, and based on performance I suspect you are paying a premium for the Razer name. Its a shame as I really wanted to like these, but this latest model is just not as good as some of Razers previous models.
Microphone did not work so item returned.
Not the quality I would have expected from such an expensive item
Sound quality it good and its very comfy, but the mic isnt great and you have to have the sounds turned right down or there is mic echo from people talking and everyone can hear my game. Tryed on PS4 and Xbox One.
This is a nice headset, well made from good quality components.  Its compatible with pretty much anything sporting a standard headphone socket and is a nice looking item. Ive used it to listen to music and for gaming on my Xbox One.  The sound quality is superb, with some nice deep bass and rich sound overall.  It may be little too much bass for some, but for my personal taste its ideal.  The headset is fairly heavy but is actually very comfortable to wear once youre used to it, an absolute must for a lengthy gaming session.  The pull-out microphone appears to pick up your voice well and its a nice feature to be able to stow it out of the way if it isnt needed. The box also includes an extension cable featuring separate sound and mic connectors for PC connectivity, which I confess I havent tried but should work simply enough. Overall, for listening to pretty much anything, the Kraken is a great headset.  However, for the price its a shame that it doesnt feature more control options.  The Kraken doesnt feed your own voice back into the cans, and having got used to this very helpful feature in Turtle Beach headphones Ive used, I really miss it here.  Not being able to hear your own voice properly is a bit disconcerting.  Additionally, I havent been able to reliably adjust chat and game audio settings separately when using my Xbox, which is a bit of a shame. There are in-line controls for volume and mute on the braided headset cable, which are very cheap and basic but work OK.  Its a pity these arent more advanced and exude as much quality as the rest of the device. I like the Kraken, but its competition can be a little cheaper and more feature-rich.  Although I would recommend this headset due to its superior sound quality and comfort, its definitely worth considering the overall package in comparison to others.
Sadly I only had the headset for a few months and the mic on the headset has sadly stopped working big letdown.
I was looking forward for this item. However, the mic was not working when i received the item. I was expecting that in this price range the headset would be perfect. Didnt asked for a replacement.
I bought this on the 13th of January, and it stopped working correctly on the 10th of March. Audio feedback is combined with microphone recording, it just started doing this out of the blue. Since Ive had it for 2 months, it should be in near perfect condition. I spent 6 hours trying to reconfigure my sound settings, but eventually realised the issue was from the headphone speakers themselves. I really like this headset, the most comfortable ive ever worn. I would purchase a new headset but im afraid it might have the same problem.
Worst headset with horrendous out of the box sound.. would never buy razer headset again.  Not recommended and felt very cheap quality..
I bought these as a recommendation of a mate but Jesus do I wish Id payed more for a better head set. I cant deny their comfy and the price is nice, the sound is solid and the mic is great but its just not worth the pain in the ass soft ware problems you get. The amount of bizzare problems you get just aint worth it
Product arrived damaged Very disappointed
Surround sound requires razors own app. Sound plays back through the mic, after hours of looking around. Still no better
Not impressed. These have almost no sound stage with a tighly compressed sound. Theres a lack of clarity too. I expected better of Razer. I have a much cheaper pair of HyperX Cloud Stinger which sound way better as do my Turtle Beach 420Xs. I have many sets of headphones, eg AKG, sennheiser, V-Moda, etc. If I were buying, Id seriously look at the competition and likely save money too.
Bought this for my son who was over the moon with it until it stopped working properly and just made a buzzing sound and now only works every now and again . Would have expected a bit more from a product at that price.
Mic is over too sensitive picking up sound from a headphones.
Not why but seal was cut
For sound quality, I will happily admit its one of the best headphones Ive used. However, these are not *headphones*. The problem lies solely in the Microphone as Ive seen many users complain about. The issue (with me), is that when Im using software like Discord, an echo of all sounds on my desktop happens. It is un-fuckin-fixable.
Ive gotten in contact with Kraken and cannot get the device to work after 5 or so hours of trying to fix it I have decided Id rather spend my money on a product that just works. I originally owned the Kraken 7.1 surround sound headset. Think Ill just buy another one of those.
Great product however it is dirty, skin flakes in the earphones so if you buy, please buy new
This item no longer works after 2 months
Bought for christmas for my son who is extremely careful with his headset. It keeps cutting out and half the time he is talking to himself. His last headset lasted 18 months.  This has only lasted since Christmas day.  Expensive and not worth the money
Headset was sent broken straight out the box. When receiving the headset, it became quickly apparent that they were broken. One of the speakers wasn’t working and after hanging out with Razer support for a few hours we determined that It was a hardware issue. Unfortunately they couldnt organise to send a replacement headset that worked. For the actual build the headset was good, the headset is made from a strong flexible metal, Since I couldn’t really test how they felt after some time I can’t say for sure, but they looked decent. The muffs are made from the same material as most of Razers headsets, which is a thick spongey leather texture with a felt inside. The headset was a little thick but light enough that it’s not an issue. Overall, I would want to review this headset further but sending a broken headset for a test review doesn’t look good and is annoying. Hopefully I can review this headset further when I get a working pair.
They have decent audio quality, quite large and metal build. Unfortunately the microphone stopped working after a few months completely. Very disappointed with that.
This headset is continuously having problems. From the pc not detecting it, to having no sound, to you mic not even working. There always seem to be a problem with it.
Don’t bother if you’re getting it for Xbox one it’s only in stereo because the usb doesn’t work with Xbox. Seller needs to add this to this description headset only works with 3.5mm jack in stereo if it’s for Xbox
Overall not good value. Had seen reviews claiming these were the best option for the prime day deals. I dissagree. 1) can use the supplied sound controller with xbox one. 2)sound was not at all good quality *Sad face*
Bleeds ALOT.
Had to send this Razer Kraken gaming headset back because died in the space of 2-3 weeks and produced no sound at all despite the lights turning on the THX control, was not impressed at all. The sound quality was not great either so definitely with not be getting another Razer headset in the future. No what I expect from Razer.
It is not working! I can speak but I can’t listen....
Broke after 1 week
I really wanted to like these, and i feel like i will still use them because they look really cool and the microphone quality is great, but they really do lack in sound quality. For the price, i would have expected a little better. They sound compressed in the mid range. Thats not to say that they sound bad, just that they could have been much better for this price.
has broken already few months of use and keeps cutting out and not being able to hear or speak to friends.
