The headset looks great and the lighting is gorgeous. The setup is very easy. Thats about where the good stuff ends for me. Before you install iCue the software you use for this headset it sounds fine. As soon as you install it all I got was a dull hissing noise when no audio was playing. This was hugely distracting. For me this headset ways a lot even for a wireless headset. The material on the earcups isnt for me. Just itchy on my head but thats personal preference. The worst thing about this headset isnt even the headsets fault. Now I am no stranger to iCue. I have a Corsair keyboard I adore. But the software for the headset is just god awful. Why do I have to have some robot woman scream at me when the battery is low or critically. Or when I turn it on or off. Change the volume. Basically do anything on the headset she screams at you. You cannot change the volume of said woman. So even if you have the headset at 10 percent volume in Windows and youll be playing through a horror game and then all of a sudden in a loud yet slightly sexualised voice BATTERY LOW! and you launch your mouse across the desk. Why cannot I swap the voice out for a series of tones or beeps like other headsets Ive used.also you cannot tell the battery level in the software you only find out once its screamed at you. The buttons on the side of the headset. Well no one could accuse corsair of not using decent switches because good lord do they clunk. I have friends who I can audibly hear them muting and unmuting their headsets because its sound like theyre throwing a brick in a metal bin from the top of a flight of stairs. Again the buttons. Nice and clunky but you cannot feel the difference between power and mute at all there are no raised letters or tactical bumps of any kind which would be nice. Also volume adjustment on the headset in the form of a volume wheel would be great. The build quality is typical Corsair. Nothing short of outstanding. I feel I could comfortably tie this to the end of a rope and lasso with it.
So... had this for a week, and now a week on Im returning it. The headset blends in well with other Corsair products and Corsair iCue is easy to get it to play ball with lighting. The sound quality of the headset is better when using the virtual surround feature with an EQ setting than in Stereo and ultimately music sounded good. The voice was clear too though the microphone couldve done with being a little louder. Setup is very simple. The headset uses a wireless USB dongle that is plug-and-play. No additional driver guff to do, other than downloading the Corsair iCue software to deal with additional lighting settings and such. Where it falls down for me was how the product itself sits. The headset is heavier than previous ones Ive used which isnt a bad thing once I got used to it. It sits comfortably owing to plenty of padding on the headband. Unfortunately, even with the headphones fully retracted tho, the headset felt and was quite loose. When listening to music I can get into it a bit and my head will move. The headset moves too. It doesnt sit still wherever I placed it and so regardless of even if I just leaned forward, it did almost fall off multiple times. This wouldnt be an issue for bigger heads out there but was an issue for me. A headset should be able to sit still in the same position as it was placed but never once did it feel secure. The headband itself, is made of plastic, which is the case for many headsets at this price point, however there was significant flex on the band and this gave it a cheap feel. The second major gripe was with the microphone lever which on mine felt loose. When Im using it for music and not for voip, I want the microphone up. When you do move your head however, the lever has a habit of moving, which on multiple times tripped the activation point so it was a constant habit of hearing music interrupted with the "Microphone On" "Microphone Off" voice announcements. With some adjustments to how it is built I would likely have kept this headset, but instead I just couldnt get on with it and so I return to the market, looking for another (preferably wireless so I can walk around with it on) headset.
Overall I have given this 2 stars. I liked the sound from these, Its a very full bodied sound with Very nice construction and really comfortable.  Here are my issues with it,  Right away the cable is too short the mic quality is awful even for in game chat. The 7.1 surround is a total gimmick. All it does when active is remove all low end and boost the highs while artificially widening the sound stage, My main issue is that they are just too quiet for gaming, Windows was maxed out and also the headset and it still wasnt loud enough. Dont buy this if you are looking to play competetive games like PUBG or Rainbow six - Just not loud enough!
False advertisement. Said it was compatible for Xbox one and it doesn’t work. Waste of 70 as I can’t even use it
These Void headphones, to my untrained ears, only offer average sound quality. There is no deep base and the high range seems lacking. This is trying the headphones for various music tracks and games. Tweaking the options did not give much better results and with the surround sound on the sound seemed a bit muffled. The lights at the side cannot be seen when wearing the headphones so maybe a bit of a waste unless you game looking in a mirror or for posing purposes. Overall only 3 stars.
From product description: "The included PC USB adapter unlocks Genuine Dolby Headphone 7.1 surround delivering immersive multi-channel audio". The box I received contained no adapter, so returned and got refund.
Awful product, had it replaced and both times I received it had the same fault. It had a high pitched screech in the left ear when ever the mic was being used by an application. On top of the issues that I had, the sound quality was not worth the 100 price tag and the mic was worse than most cheap headsets.
Very clear and comfy headset. Surround sound broken and uk support is very bad. Edit: mic broke after general use. CUE software doesnt work. Will be returning
Unfortunately this headset is simply too large and there is absolutely no kind of clamping force below the ear meaning that a slight shake of the head has them flying off into space. And i dont have a particularly small head. I even had a friend of mine who - lets be honest Dom - has a relatively large head and even he said they felt way too loose. The only reason I havent given this a one star rating is the fact that the build quality felt really good. Maybe this is the headset for you if your head size is reminiscent of a balloon... a large balloon.
The design of these is an issue for me, they just dont fit my head well. Theres a bit of a gap between the bottom of the cans and my head, which coupled with the top bar being nonstandard just leaves the headphones loose. Sound quality seems pretty good. Mic wasnt anything special.
Really good speakers (and software) but they need to be tighter for me, they kept falling off my head at the slightest movement!
I’ve had a number of problems with this headset so far, firstly the microphone not working but also sound mainly coming through one ear, currently in contact with Corsair but they are not much help. I assume it may be a problem with either software or the auxiliary to USB adapter.
Whilst the headset itself is very good, is comfortable to wear and works very well in stereo mode, it is let down by Corsairs Unified Equipment  (CUE) software. This software fails to detect my headset on my computer and thus I cannot use the 7.1 surround sound, control the mic volume or shut off or control the headset LEDs. or any  of the CUE functions. I can only use the headset in basic stereo mode. Since I purchased this headset on December 2nd. I have been in communication with Corsair support on a regular basis to try and resolve this problem. So far there has been no solution despite a new version of CUE being released and numerous suggestions tried. It may well work on other computers but it does not work on mine no matter what I try.
Windows drivers wont install so cannot use! Why they didnt make the drivers downloadable I have no idea... (Using Windows 7)
Bought these for my son for Xmas as a gaming headset but now understand they cant be used on an Xbox one. These will be sent back.
Pretty Comfy, Sound is okay. My headset plays a static noise when any audio is being played. When no sound is being played its silent which is good, but this is a little annoying. Id check out other headsets first
Faulty cables, if moved slightly the whole headset proceeds to stop working until the cable is adjusted into a different position. Definitely would not  recommend purchasing.
Headset fit isnt great. They dont close up much in terms of width, so they feel too loose on your head. Move your head a bit and they start to slide around... walk around in them and theyre gonna be gone. Adjustment for ear position is fine. Sound quality isnt bad, but again, for the price, really isnt great. Playing PUBG as an example, the stereo sound is average and the "surround" doesnt really seem to do much in the way of surround for determining which direction the action is. The above has put me off enough to not even use them enough to determine battery life. I would not recommend these for the normal price and even on the lightning deal, still dont recommend them. My quest for a decent headset continues.
Headset came and really crackly! This is a joke!
BE CAREFUL - The Price Before Black Friday was 89.99 not 109. For someone reason the Retail price has gone up. This is manipulation and youre not saving as much thats being advertised. Keep this greed off amazon, and be aware that Black Friday brings the worst out of retailers. As for the product itself, its well built and sturdy with very clear mid tone notes with a bass that feels lacking, but for the given price its a steal. The only downside to the headset is the Mic. Its obvious they focused more on build quality and audio because the mic is definitely a knock off, sounds like youre talking from far away even when the mic is right in front of your mouth. A big let down, especially if youre going to use this headset for gaming
So far they are OK-ish, but my son is disappointed with the fact that although the product name includes "RGB" in the title on Amazon and on my order (Ive taken a screen grab in case they change it later), they dont appear to be able to have any RGB lighting capability. Weve had a look at the official Corsair Gaming website and there are three models: VOID PRO RGB Wireless VOID PRO RGB USB VOID PRO Surround (model CA-9011156-EU). We bought the "56-EU" model above according to our Amazon order details and the label on the box.  We specifically chose this model as it allows it to work on the PC through USB and a console with the 3.5mm jack removed from the USB adaptor.
Too loose for my head.This makes me think it is going to fall off.
Lean forward and it falls off, turn left or right and it will shake around. There is very little clamping force in this headset and can fit a finger under the ear piece when it is in while hardly touching the ear pieces. Did not test any of the features as comfort wise for me it was unwearable. For reference I have a 24" head which is somewhat large so not sure how this passed QA testing.
advertised as rgb, wasnt rgb
So some back story to my experience with corsair headsets. Ive had three of the Corsair CA-9011121-EU-Y Raptor HS30-Y Analog PC/PS4 Gaming Headset and love all three of them. Im not new to corsair and i expect decent quality for a decent price. Nothing to fancy but functional and sounds clear. However, I had quite the opposite experience with the Corsair Void Pro RGB Wireless Gaming Headset, which is 2 - 21/1 the price of the Corsair CA-9011121-EU-Y Raptor HS30-Y Analog PC/PS4 Gaming Headset model. After some troubleshooting and going through all the common issue with this headset I gave up and sent it back. TIe audio quality in terms of feedback was fine. However the input from the microphone was beyond garbage (wishing i using stronger words). Honestly at 88 you expect more than a tinny, fussy sounding voice to come through. I seem to be getting a refund without much hassle, as it is currently on its way back to an amazon warehouse. You would be better off with a Blue Snowball and a set of earphones for the price. Update: Refund has been issued!
Would give 0 stars if I could. For months its been slowly getting worse.. mic turning itself on and off, entire headset turning itself on and off, RANDOMLY. Updating, forcing new firmware, reset, drains, nothing. Makes no difference if battery full or low, it just does what it wants. So when youre in that competitive match expect it to just die, rendering sound useless. Contacted Amazon support, spent ages talking to a tech who contacted Corsair for me, put me on hold for 20 minutes, put me through, young know it all N.I. lad tells me to RMA it online... Start a ticket, no response... complaint > no response. Now left with a door stop. Never again Corsair. Waste of a LOT of money.
Bad for FPS gaming. The directional sound makes pinpointing footsteps location impossible. No matter hiw much you try and perfect the eq.
Normally I am using SONY WH-CH700N.  Unfortunately I am having issues with making mic / stereo work together, so Ive bought Corsair Void Pro RGB. Pros: + Nice sound quality (worse than SONY, but pretty good) + Quiet comfortable (in terms of a ear space (wont feel that there is anything around them) + Not bad material + Sound volume is high (much higher than SONY) Cons: - Extremely heavy ! (over 320g), they feel like a rock on your head, due to the fact that they are designed to be fairly loose on your head, you cannot move your head in "3d" as you may loose them (way too heavy, you feel it all the time) - The battery life seems to be so so (in comparison to SONY, which feels like working forever (over 40h)) - No indication that battery will discharge soon, so Ive lost mic/headset in middle of the game - Plastic build quality, you can feel that this is a fairly cheap headset - RGB is useless, there is only small logo, nothing else And the biggest issue HUGE, HUGE white background noise, the ratio between sound and noise is very small. However this doesnt happen all the time (it happened to my in most noticeable way in Ableton Live). Overall, well I think they should be sold at @34.99 or 39.99 as for 60 you can get better heaphones (with ANC/BT). The value is fairly poor, the quality is visible poor (huge, loose, cheap buttons).... Didnt liked it at all. The 7.1 obviously is not a real thing (to have 7.1 you would need 8 separate speakers)
Unfortunately this headset is not made with PC compatibility at the forefront of its design. On buying this headset I had immediate issues with first the sound of the microphone being extremely quiet. On this somehow rectifying itself, the speakers in the headphone then decided it was their go to be extremely quiet, even on maximum volume. The headphones themselves are very comfortable to wear & are a rarity for gaming headsets in that they are quite lightweight. It is possible for the consoles they work quite well. However I cannot recommend them to any PC users. Thankfully Amazon were willing to refund me for these headphones, I will now be looking for a more PC compatible gaming headset.
For me, nothing else matters about the headset. This things volume control is terrible. Its apparently a common issue the the volume for both the mic and the headset is very low, and I have the headset issue. Some applications are incredible low, even when set to max in the windows volume slider.
+ good build quality - no bass   lack of cord length   generally loose fitting   pre-made sound settings lack quality   overall sound is tinny   7.1 in these is a joke Wanting to give these a run for their money I put extra padding behind the ear cups hoping I could fool myself into not exchanging them, this helped to some extent but they just arent the quality that Id expect around the 100 mark.
Great headset in every way..other than the microphone which is very poor!
stay clear these are not 7.1 head phones and the sound only come from one ear piece and it takes days to charge and the charging light is on orange all the time iv been trying to get amazon to take them back as they are faulty but they have not even got back to me come on AMAZON GET IT TOGETHER WILL YOU
Dont know if mine is defective but after a few months it become clear that in this headset, any sounds that are high pitched will play at normal volume in the left ear, while the same sound will sound only to be a fraction as loud as it should be when played in the right ear.
The headset looks great and feels great. but I think it is pot luck if you get one that seems to work.. constant crackling sound some times and other times it will crackle on any audio. tried all the fixes online and none seem to really work. The only fix that works for me is restart the pc untill it decides to behave. its a shame realy becase when they do work it really is a great headset. the reliability just sadly lets it down.
Had to return the sound adjuster toggle thing didn’t work so I couldn’t change the sound
Weak bass, spatial sound was pretty good, however as the cups are so large there was alot of sound leakage below the ears, they didnt fit. Arctis 5s are a better shot.
i previously had a corsair vengeance 1500 headset that worked like a dream, decided to upgrade. first thing i noticed is that the fit is really loose by comparison to most headsets, to a point where i felt like it was always going to fall off. unless you have a large head dont bother. and also two days after i bought it, the headset started being louder in one side. i tried everything to fix it driver wise but it was a hardware issue. avoid like the plague.
Time was when Amazon reviews gave you a pretty good idea of whatever it was you were thinking of buying. If 90% of reviewers told you it was a good buy then you could nearly always rely on that. Not now. A disease is eating away at Amazon and its name is "Fake Reviews". Theyre all over the damn place now. Rave review after rave review: five stars all the way. And you cant rely on a word of it. Take this headset for instance. Look at all the great reviews. Now heres what theyre unlikely to tell you. The microphone is no damn good. To call it "insensitive" is a bit like calling water "damp". This is the 2nd one Ive used - I sent the previous one back - and its the last. Even with the microphone volume turned all the way I still have to shout some commands to get voice recognition to work. Avoid this headset unless you like frustration and grief.
No bass at all, sound quality is garbage. The surround sound feature is a literal scam because its so bad people tell you to just turn it off completely. I really regret this awful purchase and will stick with Razer. My first and last Corsair product.
First the things i like about this product. The design is cool very comfortable and it has RGB also wireless. But it broke after using it for 5 days something has gone loose in side the headset wont charge or turn on. So not happy at all after paying over 50 for it. So i recommend not buying this product.
DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE A BIG HEAD I bought it and the ear cups are not "cupping" my ears, they just dangle over the ears no matter how much i adjust, so theres a gap below the ears where noise escapes and you can really tell as the isolation is reduced.
Im an avid Corsair user, I have components of theirs in my PC, their gaming mouse pad, mouse, keyboard and a usb headset. Corsair always delivers quality and that is why I have been a user of theirs for many years. This is the first time ever I have been disappointed by one of their products. I used to have one of their older wireless headsets in the past which was amazing but unfortunately I damaged the usb stick that connects to the headset, thus I went back to using a wired headset for a couple of years before getting the itch to go wireless once more.  I bought this in good faith remembering how good my last version was, as well as the general great value of their products but found myself with a headset that barely fits my head. This product is way too loose where the cups meet the ears, even for someone who has been wearing adult sized hats since they were a kid (adjusting the headband settings only does so much).... The material of the headband is exaggeratedly bendy to the point were I could twist the ear cups across each other with ease; and this is where the problem lies, because of the elasticity found in the general design of the headset, there is no bite behind it for it will stay in place firmly over the head and ears. This is appalling in the sense that for a wireless headset, designers need to take into account that people will be moving around with them and not simply sitting. I generally love their products but this is simply perplexing, given that everything else about it is so perfect, from the microphone design, amazing sound quality and personalisation. I guess I will be going back to my wired headset for now.
This is not a bad headset for gaming however it is way too big for my head even on the smallest setting. The sound leaks out badly so everyone can hear it in the room and not the best sound quality either. I returned them to Amazon as I couldnt live with them sliding off my head constantly.
Despite fact I tried, and tried and tried. I am not able to make microphone louder. I even changed some of the system files for it to work. Not possible - microphone is just shitty silent, making gaming very hard as I had to shout out every time something to my teammates. Terrible while playing at night. Battery is quite decent, cant complain about build quality. Looks are okay, charging while playing is nice touch, connectivity is ok for long range. I really like design and it was one of the reasons I bough it. Sound is pretty bad in surround mode (a lot of high pitch noise) so I stuck to the stereo. I wish I had guts to return it while I can. Now its too late and I am stuck witch mediocre product for high price. Dont repeat my mistake please.
So this headset, is brilliant. Sound, how comfortable it is, everything. The issue is, this is my 3rd or 4th pair... Had the current pair a week, pair before a month. These headsets just break so often and for such an expensive price I wouldnt expect to be returning it for a new one on a monthly basis. If I were you, avoid and look for something different.
Disappointed as they have lost sound in one ear after only 2 months of use.
Had these headphones for about 2 months if that.. For at least a month now they have been crackling to the point I cannot keep them on my head because it hurts my ears so much.. People have reported that when I am using my mic once it starts to crackle for me they get an ear blasting crackle too. Not on. I dont know what I have done with the box otherwise I would have returned them instantly as it is clearly a manufacturers fault due to me keeping them on a stand when not in use, never dropping them, handling them with care and so on and so on.. I like things to last and so I look after my things. Very disappointing Corsair and I feel very let down after spending so much money.
Never again
From having these for almost a year I’ve got to say they’ve been great, however despite them being treated extremely well the charging port is starting to die on it, I’ve tried several wires and they all seem very off and on for whether it will decide to charge or not. The battery life is great.... if, you disable the RGB effects in the software, I can usually get around 30 hours of audio out of them without turning them off that way, wouldn’t expect more than 12 hours if you have the lights on though. The audio quality is superb and has great options / features in the software for configuring it to your personal preferences. The mic is horrendous, since using it I’ve had several people complain the audio quality of the mic is extremely low, as well as this, the mic sits very close to your face (for me at least) which Leads to me having to deal with monitoring my breathing constantly to ensure I’m not breathing onto the mic that I can’t move away from my mouth. I have since met other people with this same headset who I can tell have the same problem. Overall it’s not a bad headset, nice colour and shape design. Comfy on the head, not too tight or loose.
Sound quality was amazing BUT the biggest problem is these don’t stay on your head unless you have a extra large head. Headphones just felt really loose, if they gripped the head a little more I would of kept them but had to send them back as could not game with them on
The sound quality is terrible compared to the Hyperx cloud II, it sounds washed out and tinny. Go for the hyperx cloud flight instead, a much better headset for gaming.
windows Audio services no longer working, installed/ uninstalled drivers about 20 times still didnt work. Audio is bad, uncomfortable, spent 3 hours trying to get it to work. YIKES!
Use this solely for gaming and while they work fine, they dont excel. Loose fit as many others have said, try and wear a set before you buy. Dolby sound is ok for gaming but I can imagine a bit poor for musos.
Really happy with this product for the first 66 months, then after that, the battery does not last over an hour, also the cable port for charging has now come loose and does not recognise the charge so this product is now usless to me.
Bought this as a gift for my partner as he already had the corsair set up and I thought this would be a nice addition. Its made very well so I think it would defiantly last a long time and the sound quality was pretty good. however all the doesnt matter if you cant actually fit on your head it kept sliding off my partners head which was really annoying and it even didnt fit myself which was surprising considering I have quite a large head.... now this is really disappointing because for how expensive these are you would think they had better adjustments to suit most head sizes... so unless you have a HULK Sized head these wont fit you so I wouldnt waste your money.
Terrible quality, cheap feel and important parts (mainly the microphone) break off through use after just a few months. Software for it is even worse as there are persistent bugs and issues on its "iCue" software make it frustrating to use. Corsair have been aware of these bugs for well over a year now, yet no fixes are yet to be made.
Been trying to get help on this for awhile with no luck. These are supposed to be great but the mic doesn’t work. Quality is scratchy and sound very low volume so barely audible. Have tried on multiple machines, so it’s not the set up. Maybe a faulty pair — but bc I bought for Xmas present in advance so there was a delay before it was used, I can’t get any support. It’s far too $$$ to end up with a headset that has no mic for gameplay.
These headphones could be really nice and they arent terrible. The problem I had was that the headset moved around a lot on my head (bear in mind I have a larger than normal head too). Because the headphones dont clamp around your ear properly either you have next to no noise cancelling. As a result Ive actually had these refunded. The sound quality was reasonable and the padding is actually nice when you sit completely still. Build quality of the arms felt good, they are metal and dont feel flimsy at all. The controls are decent too just a shame all of this is let down by the unusual build design/shape.
Really comfy, stylish and great sound Updated**** Broke after 2 months of very careful use. Avoid! Get a snowball Mic and a comfortable set of music headphones instead!
Ok well, i was using a pair of RGB yellowjackets ( Corsair yellow and black ) and they sounded amazing, so when they broke down, the battery died after years, i needed a new pair so went with the ones i knew best. Pros : They look the same, and have the same functionality through icue Cons : They sound terrible, almost like everything being played back through a pair of socks, or a muffler, its unbearable. I know how they should sound, but for some strange reason, the black ( carbon ) ones, sound so bad that im having to arrange a return and im also toying with the idea of not buying them from here again, no idea why they sound so bad and ive tried everything, other than pulling them apart which i wont do because warranty.( Update, bought another pair, they sound great, still having an issue with icue not sending the correct or even any voice prompts when they should and not telling you the battery is charged, im starting to think something is afoot with these headphones ) So are they worth 99? lol not like this, these remind me of really cheap headphones with a Corsair VOID aesthetic, like 99p earphones stuffed in a VOID container, and unless they are either changed for a new pair not from this batch, i guess ill go elsewhere. (Update, the battery isnt holding charge, it manages half a day on a full charge at best, i will be contacting support in the morning )
I previously had a Corsair Void bought for me as a gift and it was a perfect headset with crisp, clear sound and deep bass. After 2 years though, it stopped working, and since Corsair appear to no longer make the same model, I sought a replacement and stumbled upon these. At 53 I was expecting good quality I was wrong. While the sound is clear, and the noise cancellation is sufficient, the quality is just plain poor. Everything sounds distant and tinny, like listening to a poor quality TV. The bass is non existent which for me is a real problem playing games like Battlefield. You just lose all sense of immersion. The nearest comparison to the sound of these headphones is like using a cheap hearing aid, the treble dominates all other sound and there is absolutely no bass. I would advise against, especially considering there are many alternatives right here on Amazon at a fraction of the price. Its sad to say but Ive really been put of buying another Corsair product.
These were recommended to me by a friend who said that the sound from these headphones when playing on PS4 is absolutely amazing! So I bought the Corsair Void Pro Surround hoping to get an amazing immersive gaming experience. Boy was I wrong! First off the positives! The Void Pro Surround comes in nice packaging and is secure in the box with no pieces rattling around or any of that jazz! The headset itself comes with a usb to connect your wired headset to your laptop/pc/PS4 if you so wish too. The headset itself is very comfortable and has a nice foam material on the speakers to keep your ears comfy throughout your gaming session. The microphone is adjustable and it comes with a Mute Mic button on the side of the headset as well. Now then the negatives..... the sound.... the sound on this headset is terrible... like seriously awful! The sound from gaming just falls flat with no audible bass and it feels like it is only functioning at 50% volume. I tried to correct this issue by making sure the audio settings on my PS4 were maxed out but nothing would actually make the volume go p Up, Corsair customer services were useless at giving me assistance on how to correct the problem and online forums couldnt pinpoint the problem either. Ultimately I gave up on these and at present looking for a better headset! Shame on you Corsair for promoting this as a decent PS4 headset!
Headphones are great, however if the USB dongle breaks they are worthless. Mine has and apparently Corsair dont do replacements!
Ok so my husband is a corsair fan boi he would probably give 5 star because he is blinded by the love of corsair,But looking in from an outsider i can give a truthful statement.(plus i paid for the damn things)  Pros; nice RGB which you can custom to match your set up . Good sound (even the escaping sound but ill get to that later) and mic is clear (I havent used the mic but the other players on Overwatch can hear quite well my hubbys saltyness) , Wireless, It charges Cons:, pointy weird looking design but thats personal choice. ..imo ugly as sin ! Looks like trying to be space age but failing. Important Con: the head strap is not well fitted or strengthened and when its on your head the headphones feel like they just plonked on ,with no snug feeling thus the actual ear cans leave a good cm gap around the earlobe (wtf is that all about? Who designed that? The tea boy?, ) as the headstrap is not rounded and a sug fit around your head (it looks rounded but when its on your head its not .. told you its weird) everyone else can hear everything from the escaping sound! Which must result in a loss of sound quailty.  This actually has happened twice my hubby loads into a match ,HE HAS THE HEADSET ON ! and i can hear other players voice coms through the MONITOR speakers ,I nudge him and say  its coming through the monitor love he replies is it? Oh ok ill switch it .. I rest my case !! Cant even tell if its coming through the headset or blasting out of monitor! Picture this..Ok so your raiding in world of warcraft its break time ,so you go to the fridge get a nice cold beer got some Metallica playing through your lovely headphones, start air guitar, one bang of the head... oops they fly off .. do you want that for 100? Nah you dont ! Advice :buy Turtle beach or Razer headphones.
First up they have great sound quality and do seem to bring out the low bass sounds. But the downsides for me where they seemed kinda wide for my head. They pressed in to the side of my jaw line which over time became very uncomfortable - I tried to find a comfy position but it didnt help. The boom mic isnt detachable but does bend up out of they way (I never used the mic as I use a studio mic for streaming). I much prefer to be able to detach the mic if I dont intend to use it. There is a volume control wheel on the left ear piece which I often knocked as I placed the headset on.. often wondering at first why I couldnt hear any noise coming from the headset (Im used to controlling the volume on headsets via inline controls on the cable). Overall an ok headset with good sound quality but it just had too many issues for me to use them for prolonged use while streaming every day.
Overall feel of the headset was a high quality product, however upon using the headset for gaming and voice communications I found the audio quality was no where near as clear as it should be especially for a 100 headset. The microphone quality is practically ear rape. Pros: RGB Aesthetics Comfortable Cons: Sound quality not the greatest Microphone pops and crackles Microphone quality subpar.
sound quality is pleasant rest is garbage. losing sound over and over. they break fast and also. 100% not worth it for the little time I used and problems I received
This product i brought for my son at xmas and it doesnt work, it hasnt worked since he opened it on xmas day. But ive been trying to sort them out and still they wont work. It is not good quality for what i paid for them. My son is so upset.
Seen the reviews for this headset and there all ranting and raving how good it is but sorry this headset is only good if ya head is the size of a Rhinos head.  The headset does not sit nice at all on ur head and will fall off at any movement and thats with messing with the head extensions.  I will be refunding and getting a Hyper X instead.  Keep well away from this Garbage cheap plastic headset that should be 20 not 89
I ordered this item a few months ago and when i got it it was fantastic, suddenly it stopped working. When it was plugged in to my xbox contoller volume was only coming out of one ear and when i plugged it into my pc it was squeeking and volume was also only coming out of one ear. It is too late to send back to amazon so i dont know what to do about it. Please comment if you have any ideas. Thanks
Great headset, used Corsair for years now.this was my most recent head set and has only lasted a couple of months. Might be my fault, might not be.
Had to return, feels like a tank on the head, go with hyper x clouds
Great sound quality however it’s like a have a loose wire in style left ear, if I fiddle with the volume dial it comes back on but very frustrating after spending the money.  When working a great headset.  Hopefully mine was a one off
The main problem with this headset is that if you have a small to medium size head, it just doesnt fit properly, because the ear cups barely tilt at all. The fit, mixed with the heavy weight, means that it will fall off your head really easily. There is also some hissing noise when there is no audio playing, which is a little annoying. On the good size though, the surround sound is really great, and the wireless gives you a whole new feeling of freedom.
I’ve been using my Astro A4’s for about 2 years and decided to switch to these as they’re wireless. When plugging them into my pc and loading up a game (RUST) all the sounds I could hear sounded really tinny and echoey and footsteps and gunshots sounded unplayable. I had all the sound settings in stereo like I used to have them and all the rest I never changed. Also as I was in discord with my buddies at the time they all told me the microphone sounds really muffled and poor quality compared to my previous mic, and I checked and this was correct. Even though my previous mic was just a headset mic too so quality should be of the same standard you would expect.
Headset is good but is missing main feature, the mic is stupidly quite
I had high hopes for this headset, being from a company like Corsair, when I first purchased it and I liked it for the first about week I had it. Its very comfortable to wear, and battery life is adequate, but if you play for extended sessions everyday (Like I do) youll end up charging it everyday, which isnt the end of the world. Wireless distance is almost enough for me to walk around my whole house, however, even when sitting close to the dongle, I get static which is highly annoying. Perhaps this comes from being connected to multiple programs (Discord/teamspeak), and then trying to use Twitch/Youtube or game? Im not sure. Also the sound quality is far less than I hoped for. my 25 Tecknet wired headset sounds better than this when listening to any sort of music (in game or otherwise). Voice quality is good enough as long is there isnt background multiple programs running. I personally could not recommend this headset to anyone, unless you only were going to use it strictly for wireless convenience and for voice chatting only. Ive since stopped using this headset and gone back to my cheap wired tecknet headset.
Breaks my heart but I refunded due to average sound and terrible mic but excellent build and looks. Bass wasnt punchy, quite faded and echoey in general. My previous Logitech G430 is triple the sound and mic quality but that lacks build quality and looks.
Sound quality is good, microphone is terrible and you get your own feedback through it, feels very loose on your ears
Sound is awesome and when you activate the surround feature is a huge difference, It takes you to the next level
Great audio quality for gaming, music and chat. Software comes with lots of tweaking capability. Signal range is fantastic. However after less than 1 year I get 20-30 minutes from 80% charge so just submitted a warranty claim.
My biggest problem with this device is how hard I have to press the power button to turn on the device, far harder than you should have to press a button. It was that difficult that I thought the device was faulty the day I got it because I couldnt get it to turn on, it was only when I got very frustrated and pressed the button really hard it powered up. Its a clicky button but it doesnt activate upon clicking, you have to press down a lot more for it to actually work. The sound works well though I cant use the 7.1 Surround as it sounds really bassy. The headset is very loose fitting and because its not adjustable it doesnt fit perfectly on your ears (the bottom parts of the cup dont touch your skin leaving a gap) The battery life is really good and the mic quality is good too. Though the mic is a bit buggy and will sometimes randomly say its on and then off etc (Unsure if this is software or hardware related).
I like the feel and comfort of this mouse but the surround sound is dreadful
These headphones are pretty comfortable, reasonably well made (the size adjustment bracket is a little flimsy tho) and they do include a handy mic mute button and volume rocker (also pretty flimsy tho)....... BUT!..... the glaring issue I have with them is that they sound noticeably worse than the much cheaper Trittons I replaced with them. The sound is pretty flat, with anemic bass and an overall tinny feel with, quite frankly, a very unsatisfying amount of volume. In my opinion, even over build quality, the single most important feature of a pair of headphones is how good they sound. And these are def on the low end of that scale. I would avoid. If you want a good deal, get some cheap trittons. If you want decent sound and build, get some Hyper Xs for bit more money.
It doesnt charge anymore, i havent even used it for 1 month, and now its broken. terrible product
Look very nice and good battery life but speakers arent that great and mics just ok.i expected a lot better from a brand like corsair.not great value for money.
The quality is fine, nothing special, not sure about the battery life yet.. its annoying that application doesnt show how much battery life left in it. The worst part is that my friend said I sound worse when I speak through this mic now than before (I had cheap headset for 25 or so). Also when it arrived it had really annoying scratches on one of the sides (pic attached). To be honest for this price I expected something a little bit more.. Only thing i love is how they fit on my head, they are very comfortable.
Pros: - Fits well, fully adjustable. - Love the lights, and theyre customizable! - Mic lifts up which auto-mutes it - Has Volume control on the bottom of the left earpiece - I can now get up and walk to grab a drink without having to take my headset off. - Zero drop in call quality. NOTE: I have not tried going more than ~15 feet from the USB receiver as I currently live in a condo. Ill be testing this longer range after I move. - Very snug fit over the ears, which blocks out a lot of sound even when your game / music volume is low. Im considering it a pro even though it means my girlfriend has to throw something at me to get my attention now. Cons: - I loved being able to pause/play music on the G35, I wish this headset had that. - I now occasionally get stuff thrown at me. See last pro listed above. - I have noticed that the top part of the headset gets dirty quite easily.
Ive had this headset for 2 months, now most things are great with it except for the fact that now the volume slider spring has broke, this means that if not in the correct position the headset will keep on turning system volume up or down. Not happy with this considering the cost of this headset.
First Ill start with the positives: Excellent build quality and materials, superb craftsmanship all round, feels very premium. Very nice microphone and pop guard included too. Software is excellent for customising. And sadly for the negatives: Very mediocre sound quality. But this is definitely down to the next point... ...the headset is just too loose. There is no clamping force whatsoever, meaning it feels like it is hovering on your head and over your ears instead of around them. This means that there is no seal, so you get no low end at all, and the resulting sound is tinny and harsh no matter how much you adjust the equaliser. This is a major negative and it ruins an otherwise superb piece of kit. It has to go back due to this unfortunately. Having to readjust a headset every 5 minutes is immersion killing at its finest.
If I could go back in time and not buy this, I would a million times over. I love corsair products but this headset has been nothing but a thorn in my side, looking forward to buying something else so I can put them in the bin.
Far from the top, but also bottom. A nice middle ground. The mics a little fiddly and doesnt sound too good. The head band feels like it sits more forward than normal headsets. Very light and cheap feeling which is weird from Corsair. Ear cups are large and completely cover my ears nearly without touching them and had no issues with the speaker grill touching my ear. Noticed the LED RBG rubbish drained the battery very fast and is adviced if you want more than a couple of hours use, turn it off all together. I got around 7 hours on one charge, constant use with music, gaming and youtube. Have since returned as it wasnt at the level of quality I was after. Functionally they worked.
The product itself is amazing.  Sound is great. Mic is fantastic. Noise cancelling. Only issue is that the minimum size settings are still slightly too large for me, and it’s not like I have a freakishly small head at that too.  However, rating 2/5 stars because my headsets sound frequently cuts out now after 2 weeks of it being fine, unsure why. No issues with my PS4 or computer, i presume it’s just my headset, but I will be returning for refund.
received a DEFECTIVE product as the power button on the headset did not power on/off the headset. i had tried updating firmware, downloading all the latest drivers to no result i had to send them back. Because of this experience i have rated the product a 3, the mic sounded good in my opinion, playing music and gaming sounded good, a little bit of bass was missing but it did not effect the overall quality of entertainment. Not sure if I want to take a gamble and buy it again or maybe look else where
these headphones are a complete lie. i bought them purely for 7.1 surround sound for console, only to get them and read on the back of the box that 7.1 surround only works with pc. Waste of money and time
I bought the Corsair Void Pro Surround which is advertised as PS4 compatible. The volume strength is significantly reduced when using with PS4, at max volume the sound output is very weak. When using with PC sound is much louder. Ive scoured the internet for a fix which doesnt seem to exist, apparently this is not an amplified headset which is the reason sound is so much weaker when using with PS4, very disappointing. I would not recommend buying this product if you plan to use it with a PS4.
This headset has disappointed me if Im honest.  The lack of bass and the slack fit are not desirable qualities  Adding 2 that they are not compatible with Xbox one and Im considering sending these back
Used for a few months and the battery declined way to fast, constantly need to recharge. And doesnt fit to my head and stay on, falls off easily.
The headset itself is okay. Has a good wireless range, sound is great. Looks cool. Im not a fan of how big the parts that go over your ears are, although my head is quite small so it could just be me there. The 2 stars comes form the fact that the charging wire is so cheap and flimsy. Its a symptom of this kind of wire but youd expect better for the price of the damn thing as its basically useless if you cant charge it. Firstly the thing bent out of place and had sparks coming out of it, I fixed that and then it ended up just snapping off altogether. Quite frankly the quality of the charger is a disgrace and something youd expect from some knock off brand for 1/10 of the price.
The headset itself is nice but dosnt work well for ps4. The sound quality is bad and us really quiet.
Theres nothing true  7.1 surround about these. They were supposed to be an upgrade from my previous corsair h1500 which were amazing sound and quality but unfortunately broke. After finding out theyd discontinued, I bought these instead & the sound is "tinny". They feel lightweight, almost flimsy but i think theyd survive a few accidenal falls. Its ashame because I wanted them to be more than they are, esp for the price but there not.
The 7.1 surround sounds very tinny and reverby. The stereo sound is quite nice. The mic is ok but makes me wish id spent the extra to get Senheiser tbh.
As far as headsets go, this is one of the best ones. Although its a little pricey and I got the strange yellow one. The sound quality is excellent and while it seems a little flimsy, Ive had it for about 5 months and have come across a few issues. The head set is rather large and heavy, meaning if I tilt my head forwards or backwards, the headset will come straight of my head. I use the mic a lot to talk to my friends so Im constantly moving it up and down. This has made a few notches very loose and I hope it doesnt wear down all the notches on the mic else youd need to get new separate mic. Overall, its definitely useable and I havent tried many other wireless headsets but has a few annoying issues that Ive come across.
The mic isn’t good Returned and changed to hyperX wireless gaming headset
