Works great and looks nice so I purchased a second one for my better half as well
Wireless charging works through the case. Can be used to watch videos while charging.
Great
This is a very solid charger. It supports fast charging on Samsung phones, doesnt get overly warm and generally does its job. I am taking off one star because pretty much every phone that this would support uses USB-C port, and this is micro-USB. A real pain that I have to make sure I have a Micro-USB cable along when I travel.
Is very good. Needs fast chargd maybe
Had it for a few months now. Works great with my S9+.
Like this charger, works well, charge picks up easily with my phone and through my small phone case. No problems would recommend to anyone needing a wireless charger.
Easy quick charge
No more fighting to plug the charging cord in the iPhone. Charges fast portable can take it any where
This charger is awesome, I highly recommend!
Exactly what I was looking for...
Gives a good charge in a small amount of time.  Great charger at a great price.  Have been very happy with it.
I’ve been using this charger for a couple of weeks now and am very pleased. I have two iPhone 8’s and they charge with their cases on, with no problem. I’m too lazy to measure just how much faster this wireless charger is than a standard plug-in, but it is faster. And I really like the stand design of the unit.
Stands up well.  I was worried it would be easy to knock over because its not very big, but it hasnt been an issue.
Work good for the money ,I would recommend
very nice charger for my smartphones
Great stand. No problems
Pros - Great Price - Can be used with many phones (that support qi charing) - Good Material - Charges in both portrait and landscape - Clean looking - Low Price! Cons - Kind of lightweight and can be pushed over - Cant use with metal plate in back for the magnet car docks (more of qi problem in all phones no going through that surface) For a video overview check here! ( replace (dot) with a . ) youtube (dot) com/watch?v=Ba3SezjY98o
My iphone X is now over  a year old, and wanted to cut back on plugging in. Nice bedside stand. Blue light is brighter than I would like (I like the room VERY dark when sleeping). Simple to cover it up. Would buy again.
This item is a bit more expensive than many of the others, but I have come to trust the Anker brand name.  I have an expensive Mous case on my new iPhone XR, and the good folks at Mous assured me that the case would not impede Qi charging.  And, it didnt.  What a pleasure to set my iPhone down on this stand at bedtime and wake up to a full charge in the morning.  Works like a charm, and Id buy it again should the need arise.
Bought this for my wife for her new phone. She loves it.
The Anker wireless charger works flawlessly on my iphone Xr.  It is compact, and sits well on a flat horizontal surface -- in my case, my nightstand.  The charger was exactly as described by Amazon. Note, the USB cable is only 3 long (as in the Amazon description).  If your AC receptacle is not immediate to the preferred charging area, you will need a longer cable.  Also note, there is no USB AC adapter (as in Amazon description).  However, it requires a 10W (2A) adapter, so your 5W (1A)  iphone adapter will not work.  This is a shame, since Anker makes several models of great USB AC adapters. Again, all this is in the description. Bottom line, this is a great wireless charger, and is much more convenient than plugging-unplugging frequently. Note, the instructions are pictured here.
Bought this charger for an iphone 8, works great.  Using a USB current meter, this unit draws up to about 1.3 A on a dead iphone 8, with and Anker USB 2A supply.  I had other wireless chargers that worked fine with Samsung phones, but the iphone would cause the other chargers to blink red/blue, the iphone charge indicator would blink on/off, etc.  This charger is perfect.  No blinking, no intermittents, etc.
I have tested this charger through many items, thick glass, thick foam and thick cases, it still retains a wireless charge with all those items! amazing. I highly recommend this item and a Sony phone!
I love it.... the 5 star reviews are true
And it fits so perfectly -- not awkwardly like some others where you have to place the phone *perfectly* centered or wake up to zero percent battery when you realize your phone didnt charge.
Perfect desk or bed side charger
Very simple design, great for charging and a nice angle if you want to watch a video.
It works for my iPhone 8+
Works well. iPhone 8+
Like every thing about this
I love Anker! I have a portable charger and a quick wall charger with 4 ports that I have had great experience with. I received this Qi charger yesterday and it charged through my clear Spigen case and my husbands Otterbox defender case. I didn’t know how well I would like the stand, but once I got the phone on there, I think I will be happy, especially while working in my office. The only reason I left a star off is because it comes with a 3 ft cable. I bought this to put beside my bed, and my nightstand is taller than 3 ft, so there is no way it will be able to reach the outlet. If the cable size isn’t an issue for you, I’m sure you will love it!
What is there not to love about Anker products?? Seriously. Not a shill or anything but their quality is top notch. Very simple. Very fast charging. Very useful for people who pick their phone up a lot and find that interaction with a charging cable to be annoying.
perfect for charging
Cheap. And works great.
Works great
Charger lasted less than 6 months. Other than failing it worked perfectly until it’s death. will let you know after I contact Anker it disposition. Update 3/29/2019 Contact Anker Support. Described problem ran some tests and they replaced the old unit which is now working with a new one.  Very happy. Thanks Anker
Works great and good purchase for the low price. I can watch and charge, and it looks great on my desk.
Great Product
Full disclosure, this is the only QI charger I own.  However I will not even bother buying any other.  This charger sits on my bedstand and charges my phone just an arms length away so my phone is never too far away. My only complaint would be that there is a small (very quite) high pitched whine that comes from the charger.  But I heard this happens with all qi chargers, and its not loud enough to be any bother.
One for me and one for the wife. Have them sitting on our night stands. Love the hassle free wireless charging option of the iPhone X and these chargers work great. Fast charging with two coils and cost less than others I was considering. I’d buy again
Really nice charger
I use my iphone X primarily for business, on the phone ~6 - 8 hours a day. This is great to just leave on the charger during the day as Im on calls on my bluetooth headset while being able to see messages as they come in. And when I leave my office for the evening, its always charged. Very clean profile and charges the phone as fast as corded as far as I can tell.
works great, easy to use.. but it does not charge as fast as a wall socket Samsung charger.  But, without having to plug your phone it...  I would buy this product again....
None
Just what I wanted, and it works as expected. It also came with the USB cable. I plugged it into my existing USB power adapter and so far no complaints.
Good
Works great on the nightstand to read notifications at a glance without having to pick up the phone. Was worried the charging light might be annoying but it turned out to be convienient for finding the phone in the dark and isn’t bright enough at all to be annoying.  The old wireless charger I had was a bit noisy at times, this one is completely silent. Very happy with it!
this works great I will most likely buy a second one.
Been using it for a few months it does what it says. I have used other wirelessly chargers but it is not compatible with the iphone x. This one is compatible. Buy with confidence
Really love this charger for my iPhone 8 Plus.  I initially ordered their other flat round version and found that it was too sensitive to movement to maintain a good charge.
This simple invention is so convenient - bought 3 more
Muy eficaz
Use it at work and home.
I purchased two of these - one for work and one for home.  They both work great to charge my iPhone XR with the Apple Clear Case.
Good quality product!
Son loves this (given as gift)... makes me want one!
No complaints, works as described. Ive had it for a few months now with no issues.
Decent and gets the job done. A bit slower on charging compared to cable charger but thats wireless charging
Works for charging my Samsung 7 but its a slow charge
Brought for my iphone son. He loves it and uses it everyday,
This was an awesome charger for my iPhone X.  Really fantastic.  Then I noticed the power on my iPhone depleting.  It turns out my little blue light on the charger was not going on when I placed my phone in the cradle.  If I re-plugged it in, the blue light went on for 3 seconds and that is the last I saw of power going to this charger. Update: Based on one of the other reviews where issues occurred I was able to locate a link to the Anker help desk through Amazon.  They replied the next business day with a list of trouble shooting steps.  About the 3rd one down was to power down and restart my iPhone.  It did the trick!  All is working well again
Ive had some misses with Anker, mostly hits.  This was definitely the latter.  It works with my iPhone XS even with the otter box case on, which is the main reason I wanted to try it.  Charges well, fast enough for me, although Im not going to tell you any fancy percentages or metrics because I dont have any.  Probably better on a desk or flat surface so it wont tip easy (I have it on a soft chair so it tips over sometimes when I put my phone on it.  But Im an idiot, so...) however it has been much more convenient than pulling out a cord and plugging up every time.  Just make sure you use an Android adaptor for the wall plug in.
Excelente
I have several Anker products that have been purchased over the years. Always consistently high quality, well engineered and intelligently packaged. Never disappointed.
nothing i disliked.
Charges my S8 Plus very quickly even with a Lifeproof case on. It does seem to want the case centered on the stand but thats easily done.
Bought one for my daughter and one for my wife. They both love them. Works great and charges fast. No fumbling for cords to plug in. Awesome.
Just what I was looking for.
This thing is awesome. I have it next to my computer at work and it holds my phone at a convenient angle while charging it and you dont have to mess with cords falling behind your desk or anything like that.
Works great after 3 months of use.
Didnt charge my phone as fast as I expected. Still opted out to use my wire cable to charge my phone most of time. This needs to provide faster charging. Updates: Anker cusomter service is the best. Stepped in and upgraded a new version for me at no cost. New one works like a charm.
Charges through my thick Defender case for my iPhone 8+
Great
This certainly isnt the best in the world, but I am fairly impressed with it. Works every time I put my phone on it. I have an average size case on it and works perfectly fine. The only critique I have is the material and the bottom. I understand the material part makes thing cheaper and Im willing to accept that. As for the bottom, I facetime my friends and family a lot while using the stand. I often get told that I sound mumbled or whatever. Could be the case I have, could be the stand, not quite sure.
It works
This is one of the best purchases I have bought in a long time.  It works flawlessly and is easy to use.  Top quality.
I like the fact I can have my phone on a slow charger all night and it doesnt have a ton of indicator lighting, lighting up the room all night. Works as advertised for my wireless charging needs
UPDATE: Anker customer service reached out to me and sent me a new wireless charger and it has been working flawlessly!! They were very kind and understanding when it came to my issue so I updated my rating to 5 stars! I open the box, excited for try out my new wireless charger. Turns out it doesn’t work.. like at all. I tried different positions, different usb cables, different outlets and wall adapters. No luck. I keep getting the flashing blue light. (I have an iPhone 8 Plus with no case). I’ll be returning immediately.
Good stand and Good price
Good wireless charger.
Works as advertised.  Charges quickly and reliably.  I mostly use it at my bedside for overnight charging.  I bought this stand style instead of a flat style wireless charger so that I could have a prop for my phone while using it in the kitchen for recipes or whatever.  Deducted 1 star because the charging cord is on the shorter side- would be nicer if it were longer and gave a little more freedom with outlets.  Otherwise, not issues!
Works almost every time. Once in a while I have to reposition the phone to get it to charge.
Fantastic charger! I use it every night for 6 months and still going strong. Charges relatively quickly and easy to move. Wish it had a more heavier or sticky bottom to keep its place on the nightstand.
Dog has pulled it off the table many times. No problems. Very durable. No more frayed cords! Absolutely love this!
Currently using at work. As a technican who’s hands are dirty or in gloves, this works great to not only charge my phone but also as a stand while working. Charge rate is also good.
Great item
Really fast charging
Like all Anker products, this little charger just works ... perfectly. Very happy with my purchase and recommend it without reservation ... especially to folks who have the Samsung Note 8 or 9.
Works well, as expected
Had for a year. Love love love it. So easy and convenient.
I love Anker products.  I knew when I bought this it might  not fit on the new wallet case I have for my iPhone XR.  Disappointing, but my coworker wanted it, so that saved me from having to return it.  With the ease of working with a quality company like Anker and Amazon returns being fairly simple, I didnt mind buying it to try, as I knew I could return it if needed.  I started to do that, when my coworker said he wanted it!
High quality function product
I didnt read the fine print, so I missed the fact that his doesnt have an AC adapter. Which really isnt a huge deal, but I was surprised it didnt come with one. But the charger does work great, and I love that it also acts as a nice stand, rather than just lying flat on the ground.
Perfect!!!!
A great charger, especially if you plan on watching while you charge. The only downside is that it wouldnt charge my phone while I had a credit card sleeve attached to it. I dont miss the sleeve.
It is located on the kitchen counter, convenient and works well for our cellphones.
I use my iPhone for everything, from phone calls to Internet access to watching movies.  I have this little gem sitting on my desk an can instantly see whos calling, put myself on mute when appropriate, or maybe watch a video or two at lunch.  When Im ready to go, theres no more messing with cables or a chance of dust bunnies in the power slot.  Way better than cable.
nice
Doesnt put out enough power, Take EXTREEEMMEELLYYY long to charge. Dont expect to fully charge your phone on this even after leaving it on there for an hour. UPDATE: after my review i was contacted by Anker customer service, they promptly responded to my issues of the charger not charging rapidly enough and sent me and upgraded one that works GREAT. They followed up after delivery of the new charger to ensure i was happy with it. Changing my rating due to their customer service and attentiveness to customer satisfaction, very refreshing to see a company that cares about customer satisfaction with their product.
Great have had no problem have a thick sup case and have had no problems chagrin my 8 plus would recommend good stuff
Only complaint is that the cord doesnt stay plugged in very well and can result in times where Ive tossed my phone on it without paying attention only to come back to an uncharged phone.
Anker does it again with another great product.
Works great!!
Quick and easy, good price, seems like high quality construction, premium packaging.  Works well, no issues.  The best part about this charger is that I never think about it, so it must be good.
It’s the best charger I ever had. I like Anker  electronic things, because they are powerful and works for a long time.
Doesnt charge fast
Works great.  No issues at all
When I purchased this, it said this was a fast charger, it is not and the description has changed since I purchased it.  But, its not a bad product, just not fast.  Great for your desk at work or by the couch on an end table in the living room.  Anker makes SOLID products that are long lasting and very trustworthy.
My wife loves this
Great, fast charger.  Love not having to plug in!
Thank you Anker for make good quality product. Love this phone stand. Highly recommend.
This was a Christmas present for my husband and he LOVES it. Works great and super convenient.
This little thing is amazing. The profile is great, looks great on the desk. A lot better than the "dish" that Samsung sells. Phone fits much better on it too than the Samsung branded standing charger. Charges very fast, but doesnt even overheat the phone at all. The stand is thin and light, enough that you can pick up the phone with the charger with ease.
This is my first wireless charger, so I dont really have a reference to compare it to, but I am very happy with this charger. It is so much nicer not having to fumble with the plug-in charging cable...I can just grab it and go and just drop it on the stand to charge. I have a Pixel 3 and, though this charger does not offer the fast-charging that the Google brand charger supposedly does, I dont really care that much about that. I put the phone on the charger when I go to bed, and when I wake up it is fully charged...that is what I need it to do. I havent really tested it by running my phone all the way down, then watching to see how long it takes to fully charge. But Im quite happy just letting it do its job while I sleep, and this charger definitely does that.
Much better design than the lay flat models. Great charge even with plastic phone case on.
While it is important to check whether it will work with your phone, the quality of the charger is excellent. So is Anchors customer service, if any problems arise.
Perfect
Plugged the product into power outlet and works as advertised at least with an iPhone 8 plus.  Will follow up if any issues
Really nice charger.  Looks really good on my nightstand.  I use it to charge overnight while I sleep and find that it charges the phone rather quickly.
I have one and love it so got one for my son...
Used to charge 2 XRs and an 8.  Charges all without heating up and through three different cases.
Another quality product from Anker.  Great price and charges fast.  Anker rarely has a miss on their products.
Update 1-13-19: I returned both the original Anker stand and its replacement. Anker sent me a free Fast Charger from Anker so 4 stars for the customer support. If you dont need fast charging this stand works fine but why not get the fats charger - https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07DBXZZN3? The fast charger works fine so far. This is not a fast charger for my phones - S7, S8+. You would think that would be made clearer in the description. I tried 2 of these & neither worked as a fast charger. When I contacted support they noted that I needed a 10W charger for fast charge.
High quaility
Got this for my husbands desk. ITs great! He can refer to his phone whenever needed and its charging at the same time. Highly recommended.
the thing is nice and it really works.
My favorite wireless charger by far. It charges through my thin case. Only complaint is I wish the charger had a Type C port instead of Micro USB. Other than that its cool.
I ordered a few of these for around the house when we got our new Iphones. They work great. I have had no problems with the cords or with charging.
Good overall
This is a great community charger for us. Works as should, only issue is to make sure you have something to plug the usb into.
This wireless charger is great!! Especially when I’m sitting at my desk doing work and need to get my phone charged up but it’s still able to see the screen and use my phone if needed! It’s a must have for anyone
Not the spot to get a quick charge but perfect spot to hold the phone and charge overnight
Works Perfect.
Ive been using it for 6 months. No problems at all.
It works and I love it
Great charger
Ive owned it for about a year, now. It has held up great. Never failed... never got too hot. I use it nearly 8 hours a day, 5 days a week at work (it sits at my office desk, holding up my phone throughout the day). Great purchase
Charges quickly and easy to use. Only thing missing to make this 5 stars was some way to keep phone stable from sliding around. If you don’t have a case your phone is easy to knock over or slide off.
good
I purchased this unit despite thinking it was probably junk and would have to return it. I was pleasantly surprised how great it is. The quality is pretty good. This past weekend, I brought it camping and plugged it into my portable charger and realized that no only does it charge with the phone vertical, but it also works just as great with my iphone on its side so I could watch a movie at bedtime. Im going to get another one for my office!
Great
... I noticed that if my phone is powering down as I place it on the charger, it doesn’t charge. This happened last night. Not sure if it is the charger or the phone (8+) but it has worked every other time since then so I cannot dock it a star for an unknown issue.
My second, I like this more than the first one, it has a good ‘shelf’ to sit the phone on when it’s dark, the other was harder to secure from lying in bed in the dark.
I have had great luck with everything from Anker and this is no exception.  So easy to use.
Love this charger. It’s powerful and chargers my iPhone X very quickly
I use this at my office, and it could not be more perfect. That is all.
REALLY LOVE IT - LIKE HOW I CAN USE IT AT MY DESK AT WORK AND STILL CHARGE MY CELLPHONE WHILE VIEWING PROGRAMS
Easy to use!
Great product
Anker consistently makes super solid products that do what they are supposed to do from a functionality standpoint.  That being the case, there was a glitch with this charger and here is where Anker stands out even more from the rest - contacted customer service, received a timely helpful response, and the issue was resolved.  No hemming no hawing no frustrations in dealing with multiple levels of people.  Just good old fashioned great customer service.  Thats why I buy and will continue to buy Anker products.  And this charger is great and I use it daily for my iPhone XS Max.
Works very well with my iphoneX.
Excellent wireless charger! Anker is great all around. Saw my boss with one and tried it. My wife and I take ours traveling, too. The angle is excellent for working at a desk.
Make life a little easier not having to plug in the phone
Works well even with XR tech 21 case
Continues the trend of Anker being one of the best battery and charging companies out there, always impressed by their offerings. I sound like a paid bot but Im not I promise. 01001001 00100000 01110011 01110111 01100101 01100001 01110010
This charger works great.
So far it works perfect. I oddly enjoy charging my phone now, it makes me look and feel like a tech mogul
The first charger that I received ultimately stopped working, but after reviewing my experience anker reached out to me and offered to replace the product at no charge. I would feel comfortable buying from anker again knowing this.
Got mine for xmas. Works great so far. Using it for an iPhone 8 and an S9+. No problems!
Honestly my only complaint is that the cord it comes with is super short. But this item serves its purpose for sure! I had one given to me from a friend and liked it so much that I  bought a duplicate so I could have a charger in another room!
Great value. Does exactly what it needs to. Slow to charge but that comes with most wireless chargers. Overall the perfect charger.
Charges through my thick case but doesn’t charge really fast like some others.
Love the stand, can be hands free but...would have liked the cord to be longer.  I bought for a friend for Christmas but a friend bought the same model for me!
first time getting a wireless charger and this one is great.  it was a little lighter than I expected but perfect for holding and charging my phone.
Great shaver. Gives a really close shave, no irritation, great battery life.
Works perfectly with my iPhone X, including through the Otterbox case.  Very satisfied.
I love the convenience of just placing my phone on the charger.
I really love Anker Products. They have always stood by them when I had an issue in the past. This is great to have. The only thing, I have a ring on the back of my case & have to take the case off to use it.
Use a good USB cable with this device. I almost returned it because the charging kept stopping. At first, I thought it was my phone case, but it is pretty thin. After removing the case, the charging still kept stopping and restarting. I swapped out the USB cable and it has been golden ever since. The stand is at a good viewable angle. It charges very quickly in both vertical and horizontal orientations (Samsung Galaxy Note 5). Ill be getting two more!
I like how these are angled. They charge every phone that has been placed in them!
Great Charger easy to use
Works as advertised. It doesnt quick charge, but I knew that before I bought. there is more expensive version which charges faster, but I have no need for that. I charge over night on my night stand. Great product.
Very sturdy, dependable wireless charger stand. My iPhone XR fits nicely and it hasn’t given me any issues to far.
Using this to charge my QI now-wireless-charging-enabled Samsung J3 V - but it only works when the phone is standing upside down. This stand is too short (by an inch or so) for the phone, which is already a smaller phone. Not a big deal for me, but this might not work at all for some larger / taller phones.
Charges great
ZERO  COMPLAINTS WITH THIS PURCHASE... easy to use and even re-position if placement is not quite perfect the first time. There were 3 complete protectors with install supplies.
Very good product. Loved the design. Makes it great to watch movies or alarm clock, especially with Galaxy phones! I really wish it came with a charging cube.... if it added a little bit of money, i wouldve bought even quicker.
Anker quality again
We have phone cases that make it difficult to open the charging port. These making charging our phones hassle-free! I got my wife two of these - one for home, and one for her office. She loves them.
This is just what I needed to keep my phone charged and at the ready in the office.
Easy to use. Great design.
phone get very warm, otherwise everything just fine !
always pay for quality
It definitely charges faster than the gear sent with the phone, but its more convenient, because your phone can sit in the stand in landscape mode and charge while still functioning. So far, no apparent drop in performance, (bless it). I would definitely recommend it.
Perfect on my nightstand, no issues
Just stopped working out of nowhere..loved it up when it broke..hopefully try to warranty it since its within the 18 month window..
I really like this charger! It’s not too big and it looks great!! I can charge my phone and watch shows at the same time! :) I got it at a great price too!
I own a ton of the Anker products, I believe they have a great product line. I bought this charger, and had a small problem with the charger. This is the first time I have ever had an issue with their products. I wrote to Anker customer service, and was responded to with a prompt reply. They attempt to help me trouble shoot the problem, and then they informed me that they were sending me a replacement.  My customer service experience was excellent, and very professional. I wish more companies would act in the same manner. To me it is not that there was a problem with the charger, things happen, it was their response and desire to promptly resolve the problem with minimum inconvenience to myself . I will continue to be loyal to their products.
I love having this on my nightstand.  charges my iPhone 8 plus as if it was plugged in to the wall.  Great product
Great item!
Works great. Woud buy again.
Awesome. Still working for like a year now.
Great gift for my GF
Not completely sure why I waited so long for wireless charging.
Right holder for my iPhone X
Seems to work great. I bought this for my wife to use and shes never complained.......and trust me, thats rare, so awesome product.
Works great, love it!
Convince plus type while on charger
My iphone
Great product. Works well
Easy to use. Saves wear of charging port. Another great Anker product.
This is not a fast charger. As soon as I plugged it in and placed my phone on the doxk it said. Charging wireless 220 minutes till charge. My phone was on 46 percent. It took nearly 3nhiurs to charge. My other wireless charger only take 1 hour of a near dead charge. Update I notified  anker about the problem I had that this product was not a fast charger they advised me that this particular model was not designed for a fast charger if you are On 5w charge. They sent me an upgraded model of their product at no charge and it works perfectly the emails they sent me in the contact was awesome I even offered to pay the difference in the model I had bought and the model they upgraded me to and they told me that I was put through too much inconvenience to go ahead and keep the last model I had bought they definitely have my support in the future thank you Anker.
I like tha product
Second wireless charger I’ve purchased and the BEST out of the two. First one fell apart in 30 days.
charges your phone while you surf.  works as a phone holder. i kept this on the kitchen counter and its so convenient for just about anyone to just put the phone and it charges it.
Great quality charger, charges fast too!
Works great so good I got 2 now
I bought these and love them. I started out with one and now have 5. Follow me at "OndaWire" on my Youtube or Facebook channel where I do full reviews on these products. This Anker wireless charger has been awesome and they are simple to connect! The only thing I would say is that the cord is short (maybe 2ft) so if youre looking to plug this into a wall and run the cable around a couch or bed you might want to buy a 6ft long cable. I did and love the decision. There are a lot of choices out there and this one is a definite buy especially for the price!
Very nice, Convenient
Charges fast
This was a great buy! We bought the new iPhone in the store and they tried to sell us a wireless charger to go with it for 80 dollars. This does the exact same thing, and after several month she of use, it’s still going strong. No problems with compatibility, the phone took right to it and charged quickly and effortlessly.
Great product
I’ve dropped off my night stand a couple of times and it has held up, I do have carpet though. Works as expected and even works as a cool stand while FaceTiming
Great product.
Made very well but states its the fastest charging... well it does not rapid charge my Galaxy.  I never checked it since it was for my wife.  She apparently doesnt pay attention to it, but its just standard charging.  That really disappoints me otherwise it would have been 5 starts. Updated:  Anker contacted me, there was a misunderstanding with the description of the unit as it is not a "Quick" charger for my Samsung Galaxy phone.  They sent me the PowerWave 7.5 Stand which IS a Quick charger.  Does a great job- charged from 48 to 100% in an hour.  Anker products are top-notch as well as their customer service!!
I have both this product and the square one that sits on the table. I love both products from Anker; however, I have found that I prefer this one that stands up as it is easy to place onto the charger and it ensures a charge every time. With the square one, you have to make sure its at the correct position --- not hard but just one less thing to worry about.
This is my first wireless charger and I have found it to be both convenient and user friendly.
This wireless charger is my favorite gadget in the house! I have 2 in mine, my fiancé has 3 in his, and I just gifted one for Christmas. It’s perfect for your nightstand, in the kitchen and in your office on your desk. I would highly recommend it!
So far so good. I use it with my iPhone X. I have a Spigen case that holds 2 cards and it will still charge the phone with the case on. Hoping it lasts.
Ordered 2 chargers. 1 for my wifes iPhone XR, and the other for my iPhone 8. The XR has an Otterbox Symmetry case on it, while the 8 has a Otterbox Defender case. Both have zero issues with charging. Neither phones have even felt warm after, or during a charge cycle. The blue charging indicator is just right. It is bright enough to see during the day and perfect for at night. We dont wake up in the middle of the night and blinded by an ultra bright blue spot light. It has just the brightness. A huge thank you to Anker for that. Reason for purchasing these was to keep our boys from continually stealing our phone chargers (teenagers, so they dont care if they loose their crap). Go to bed at night, and then would have to hunt them down. Too often both would say they never took them. Both boys have older iPhones that dont support wireless charging. Now, the description for the wireless charger claims that it wont charge, or attempt to charge, a device that doesnt support wireless charging. The small blue ring is suppose to flash indicating that its detected metal, or so, and wont charge. I found that out just yesterday. I came home from work and our youngest put his iPhone 6 on 1 of the chargers. It did just what its suppose to. The light was blinking and was not charging. Ive read in different reviews for this product that the standard charging plugs that come with the iPhones, are not good enough properly charge the phones with these. Claiming that it will take much longer to charge and cause heat issues. With the 2 that weve received, neither issue has been the case. They have worked flawlessly in the week of using them. Also read a review where a complaint of the charger would tip over placing the phone on it, and that the base needed to have more weight to it. This also has not been an issue. I could see it happening if a phone was placed on it too quickly or so. I would like to point out 1 flaw with the charger, in my opinion, and the reason for only 4 stars. The provided USB cable is a little too short. We have outlets built into our headboard and the cables are just barely long enough to reach up to the placement of the chargers.
Much better than plugging in the phone. No more cables going bad.
I like to be able to charge my phone, but also keep it angled up so I can read the clock on my "always on display" at night. It works great and supports fast wireless charging. Im pleased with it so far.
The charger is indeed set at the correct angle for either vertical or horizontal video chats and viewing while avoiding the need for cable attachments that inevitable go bad or corrode faster.
Works great even through my Otter box case with the Samsung S9+
Love that I can wirelessly charge my iPhone Xr! Good quality charger.
works as advertised. works with my otterbox case on
What can be simpler than to simply place your phone on the little ledge to have it charge up? Beats the hassle of searching for the end of the charger cord, then searching for the port into which to place it! My daughter loved it so much that we gave ours to her then bought another. The only negative is when my phone failed to charge. Upon reading about this, we simply had to reboot the phone and all was good again.
This is a nice charger!  I like that I can have my phone set on it and be able to watch videos, browse Instagram or Facebook, etc. while its charging, unlike a charger where the phone would lay flat on it on a table or something. The one thing that I will say is that it doesnt charge as fast as a different Anker Wireless Charger that I bought.  My Galaxy S8 still charges fast on this, but not AS fast, because this puts out less power than the other.  Thats my fault for not reading the description better though, so Im not taking any stars away. All in all, its a nice product!
Love this little charger.
Since I bought this device for my first time, it was about half a year. Suddenly my wife told me that the equipment I bought was only used once and it was broken. Then I heard this news and contacted the customer service. They took my I got the situation and immediately re-mailed me a new product, so this time I need to confirm the quality of the equipment myself. From the evening, I will try my mobile phone and my colleagues mobile phone for 2 days. (All working status) No problem at all, thank you very much for helping me! Service & quality is what every guest needs! It is also the most basic game rule for our business. Can grasp our bottom line, not afraid of no customer base and business!
It works a d works well. I originally bought some off brand and within a week, it quit working. I decided to buy Anker at that moment!
This is convenient, quick and effective charging my iPhone X ... couldn’t ask for more.  Takes up less room than a horizontal charger
Always a solid product with anker. This beats out the mophie qi charger at half the price!
I like that I no longer have to keep track of a cord for my phone.
High quality
Works great for charging, especially for the price.  No issues so far.
Excellent for the price!
Great product. Value for money.
Very good product
Everything about that devise is simple, well made and easy to use. I liked it so much I ordered another one for the bedroom.
I bought two, (2), Anker Wireless Chargers for IPhone 8 and IPhone X in Sept. 2018.  In late May 2019, one of the chargers stopped working unexpectedly.  I connected Anker for assistance.  The contacted me immediately and provided several steps to try and resolve the issue.  These steps unfortunately did not resolve the problem.  Ariel from Anker responded immediately that a new Anker charger was being shipped to me.  The new Anker charger arrived quickly and works fine.  This is a great product and fantastic customer service.
I have it at my office. While phone is charging, position allows me to monitor screen for incoming texts or so
I own 3 of these, one the wifes nightstand, one for mine, and one for the end table for the couch area. Before buying 3 I was testing different ones with no luck. This is the only one that works through an otterbox and provides a level of charge to the phone. Buying another to keep on my desk at my new job.
Works well
Love the angle it holds the phone at and I use it to prop up my phone even when I don’t have it plugged up. When plugged in it charges slower than a regular plug charger but that usually isn’t a problem.
I had trouble with my charger that was 17 months old.  I contacted Anker and let them know my iPhone X wasnt charging any more.  They asked for more information and SN but within a day, sent out a new one.  Well done Anker!
Great
Great product works well
Works great! About to buy another!
Works perfect with my IPhone
Works way better than the Samsung product I bought with my phone.  WAY better.
Exactly as advertised.
Charging is 50% slower vs a normal charging
Does what it’s meant to do...at a fai price!
Of course, you will not read the manual and will have some issues when using this product, so... USE THE PROVIDED MICRO USB CABLE in order to have the best results. Please. With that out of the way, this charger exceeded my expectations, doing a great job charging my LG V30, without the risk of overcharging it. One thing that I didnt know before (duh!) is if you have a metallic lamp near the charger (~3 in,) it will not perform well and, sometimes, it will not charge your device at all.  Overall, I recommend this product.
Better than the Samsung wireless charger and cheaper so I returned my Samsung charger. Just more likely to catch the charge if you just place it down quickly and the big blue light that is not annoying is awesome
Loved this charger but ended up returning it because it didn’t work with my loopy case and there’s no way I’m ditching that.
I like it
Looks nice. Like it that it has no problem charging with a fairly thick case. Now um... charge cable length is wee bit short. Extra ft or 2 wouldve been nice.
First wireless charger. Works great, and a great price.
Exactly as pictured. High Quality.
This wireless charging dock is amazing! Get this! Your not just limited to placing the phone in the direction it’s made, you can turn your phone sideways in landscape and it will STILL charge the phone! Watching Netflix while charging just got better!
great product
This charger is perfect for my desk. The base is stable and safe. The phone stays upward (I’ve  placed mine right next to my computer monitor), so as it charges you are able to easily see notifications popping on the screen without having to grab it. Simply love it! I’ve also ordered a flat one (coaster like) which I leave on my nightstand. Very nice quality and look. Super!!!
Excellent quality. Doesn’t overheat phone like other wireless chargers. However I do wish the cord was a bit longer so it would sit better on my desk/nightstand.
This came very fast. And the quality is the best. I have charger stands all over the house... and I like this one very much.
I do not have to search for my charge cord when needed.  Plus it give the ability to use a clock while on the stand.  Now do not need to find something to help hold my phone when I watch a movie on phone.
Excellent quality. Very well designed. I would highly recommend this Qi charger. I have bought Anker products before and they do not disappoint.
Anker is a great Brand! This is the 2nd product I purchased (Battery Power Bank & this Wireless charger) & I am completely satisfied with both products especially their quality. Plug n Play setup and so convenient to use. The Phone is in an upright position, so no need pick it up each time. If you are looking for a QI wireless charger, this is the one I recommend, no need to shop around, the price is great and you won’t be disappointed! 2 Thumbs Up!!!
Item came on time and as expected. Works for my iPhone 8 Plus
I have two: one for home, one for work. Both work great. My only complaint would be that the phone can slip off easily if you accidentally hit it in the middle of the night. Thats not enough to give it less than five stars though. Id buy it again.
Got it for a friend and she loves it/just bought one for myself love it
This wireless charger works really well and is very sturdy i never think it’s going to fall backwards. I think what I like best is that you can lay it on its side and still watch something on your phone.
The review had me rate the battery life but there is no battery in this it only charges your device wirelessly.. Its a great charger for the money
Gave this as a gift, haven’t had it thrown at me yet with contempt. So, take that as a fair sign.
This charges my iPhone very quickly compared to my other wireless charger and I love that I can watch videos and see notifications easily while my phone charges.
Works way better than the last wireless charger I bought from my cell carrier. The old one would just stop charging randomly and I’d wake up to a dead phone. Or worse, not wake up to my alarm because of a dead phone. This one works fantastic and I’ve never had that problem!!
Ive only been using this for a day, but it seems to work nicely. It works with my iPhone XS max in an Otterbox Defender case. The phone rests nicely and sturdily on the charger and it is a good angle for face recognition without having to pick up the phone (a major benefit in my opinion). It does not get hot. The LED light on the base stays lit whenever the phone is in place, regardless of charging status. The package comes with a rather short USB to micro USB cord but not a USB to wall outlet adapter. It is working well with 5V/2.4A adapter I already had (not the one that came with my phone - I didnt try this one). I cant really speak to the speed of the charge, but it works as quickly as the flat disc-type Belkin charger that I replaced, which was very particular about placement on the pad in order to charge, at least with my otterbox case. Charging speed isnt really a priority for me. If I had one suggestion for improvement, the LED light on the base should go off or change color when the charge is complete. Overall, very happy with this purchase, glad I didnt go with a more expensive model. I will probably buy another for my desk at work.
I have used this for a few weeks and I dont know how i ever lived without a wireless charger.  This item is well made (as are all of the Anker brand items I have purchased) and it functions perfectly.  Minimal design looks nice on the nightstand.  The angled back sets the phone up at the perfect angle for viewing it as a clock at night.
Sits nicely on the end table and doesn’t take up a lot of room. Makes charging easy.
works perfectly. great for office desk
This charger did not work for my XS Max, as it isn’t big enough to securely hold that large of a device, especially with a case. However it works great with my wife’s X. Perfect size, fast charging and stays relatively cool in comparison to others.
This product like all others I have tried from Anker is exactly what it is advertised to be.  Great product.  I did however not notice that this model didnt come with a charging brick, just a short cable, and you cant use a computer USB port for charging.
Easy to use and does what it says it will do.
Works great with me iPhone XR!
The first one I got quit working after a few times so I made my Review accordingly. The Vendor sent me an email wanting to make it right Even though i had not requested a replacement. They sent me a new one and so far it is working well. Thanks+++
I like it’s smaller footprint over my former dish shape charger. Plus it easier to use.
Just as advertised. Very happy with product.
Convenient . Charges fast
Great Product!
Perfect for video calls.
Works great
Love this product as it charges my phone (Nexus 6) through my case and saves wear on my micro USB connector. Blue light indicator is helpful for aligning phone on the pad - can be a bit bright at night if used in the bedroom. No issues otherwise
It good works for both android and iPhone I like it better than plug up my phone
This became my phone stand on the desk at work, now my phone is always charged up and ready to go. I wasnt looking for the fastest wireless charger, if I need fast I would plug in to a fast charger from the same brand.
Seems to work fine, but my sister is still worried about over-charging her iPhone 8.
Excellent wireless charger. Will even charge an iPhone XR in landscape.
Good quality
Good
This is perfect. Ive had no issues with it at all, apart from changing the cord out. The one that comes with it seems a bit loose. Minor issue. Love it!!
I bought for myself at Christmas.  I like the stand. Good quality.  It is not a fast charger.
Works great , I recommend this product.
Works as expected
Perfect for on the desk or on the go. I am a military service member, and for the frequent travel thos thing has held up better than most of my electronics chargers have. I recommend it to everyone!
I’m an Anker person.  I’ve bought many Anker power banks for traveling use.  Bought this one for my iPhone XS Max and it’s actually charging pretty fast.  I do plug in the charging cable once or twice a week just for backing up purposes. It does charge well and fast with silicon case on the phone. I use a net gear charging plug head and it works great.
I stumbled across Anker charging cables a couple of years ago. I’ve had my iPhone 8 Plus for a while and decided to purchase a wireless charger. Absolutely love it! Anker products are durable and great quality. I just ordered two more.
Works great
Used every day works perfect
Works exactly as described and charges through a case without issue.  No overheating or concern. Cant go wrong with an Anker
I ended up not being able to use this charger because I have a case on my phone which holds my credit cards, two of which are metal, and interfere with the charging process. It works perfectly on my husbands phone who just has a straight case on his, no magnet, no wallet, just cushioned protection from the many drops he puts it through. Simply rest the phone on the charger and voila. Really nice not having to plub/unplug the charger from the phone. Makes me consider a different type of wallet case...
I have this on my nightstand and I have my Note 9 in "Always on Display" so I can see the time when I wake up in the middle of the night. I love not having to mess with plugging in my phone in the dark. I keep a thin ESR case on my phone and this charges through it without issue. I think it charges a bit slower than if I plugged it in, but I leave it there all night long anyway so that doesnt matter much to me. I bought one as a present for my dad as well.
So convenient on by bedside table for charging overnight.
Does the job.  I wish it came with the charger. Maker is a good brand since their support is awesome so highly recommend.
I love this wireless charger! not only can I just leave my phone alone without worrying about accidentally pulling cables, but I can also watch videos while its charging on the stand easily instead of using my kickstand case or propping it on something.
It’s good working
Works well and inexpensive
I purchased this charger so that I could view my Samsung Galaxy S9 in an upright position while charging.  It charges whether the phone is vertical or horizontal and the phone does not need to be perfectly centered like it does with another wireless charger I have. The only negative is that the micro usb cable that it comes with is only 3 feet which is not long enough in most scenarios.  Because of this I am using a different cable.  This charger would be 5 stars if it came with a 6 foot cable instead.
Love how Anker makes quality products. This charger is perfect for my iPhone XS Max. Its easy to use and changes my phone with a glitch as compared with other chargers Ive uses. Love this charger.
Pros- Easy to set up and price Cons- Not a super fast charge
GOOD
I wanted a Wireless charger that wasnt flat and this fit the bill, so far so good. I would recommend to my family and friends I like the Anker products I have so far as well as this.
Use it at work everyday and works great. Charges the phone quick.
I got a charger that did not work properly. When I wrote a review expressing my disappointment, Anker immediately reached out to me and replaced the charger under warranty. I am extremely impressed at how this company stands behind their products! I will update this review after using the new charger for a few weeks.
Still works got one at work and one at home
Works fine
It’s sturdy and compact. It charges well and can be used anywhere.
I love this thing. Should have bought another one for the office. It’s perfect in size and performance.
I love this. It charges my iPhone XS Max through a speck case without any problems. The stand feature is nice as I can watch videos while it charges, and still plug in headphones if needed. 3 MINOR issues I find with it. -the light on the front to indicate that your phone is charging is bright, and if you sleep in a dark room you’ll notice it. Takes some getting used to, but not major. -I wish that the grip on the bottom of the charger was a bit stronger/tackier. Sometimes when I reach for my phone I push the charger away from me. I guess this is better than it gripping/falling over, but whatever. -I wish that they would include the wall adapter with the charger (it comes with charger and cord, no wall adapter). It requires a special one (higher power than the regular apple ones) and it’s annoying to need to buy separately. Overall, this is great as far as wireless chargers go. Feels nice. Looks great. Buy it.
Ive always sort of passed on wireless charging because of the ones I had they were always hard to get just right to the point I would rather just plug in a cable. This on the other hand has never been an issue, I dont have to worry about it being perfect just set it and go.
Best item ever!!
Great convenient charger for bedside table charging and portability. The only things I do not like are the original charging cable is too short, and it doesn’t charge through certain cases. If the original cable was longer for more convenient placement through the house, and it could charge through thicker cases, I would give it 5 stars! Still a great buy.
Easy to use!
The charger I bought stopped working after a few months. I emailed customer service and they promptly sent me a replacement that works great!
All anker products are great and this one included. Works perfect and simple.
Have two of these and they work way better than the flat circular chargers.  Easy to set your phone on the in the dark next to thr bed.
Thos is a solid charger.  I love the angle that it provides.  Perfect for use while sitting at a desk (while at work or pc gaming at home).  I carry one back and forth with me during my work week.  It manages to survive my generally rough transport . I highly recommend this due to low cost and decent durability.
Este producto lo utilizo para cargar mi iPhone 8 Plus .
This wireless charger has been amazing so far. It does not heat up my iPhone Xs, and the charge is of nL speed since this not a fast charger. Im very happy with it, and I recommend it for anyone who wants to charge wirelessly.
Perfect, wish I would have purchased sooner. Very nice product.
This product worked very good and I use it on a daily basis
Very good
Works well,  even with a case on phone. I now own 3 of these.
Buena solución a los cables
Its a great band we still have the portable battery chargers and they work great! I recommend it!
Very forgiving of the position of your phone.  It gets the job done and was very reasonably priced.
I purchased one of these for my husband months ago. He loves his charger so much. I decided to order two more as gifts for my children.
Love this charger. I keep it by my bed and use it everyday
I may just buy a 3rd. Handsome and simple looking.
Works great. I dont like that the light stays on any time you are charging
I use this at work, able to charge my phone while its standing up like that, easy to see when texts and phone calls come through, can just poke the phone and let face recognition do its job without picking it up or whatever. 10/10 would recommend.
I ordered two of these for holiday gifts.  One had a cord that just wouldnt stay connected, and I reached out via e-mail to the company regarding my concern.  Stacey responded very quickly, asked me to submit some information, and within a few days, I had a brand new cord for the device that works perfectly!  We not only love the wireless chargers, but this company had incredible customer service!
Perfect charger for my needs at least, easy way to just set down my phone, screen fully visible and also charging wirelessly! My only gripe is the cable it comes with its VERY short so make sure you either have a longer cable or plan to use it right next to an outlet.
The perfect bedside cell phone wireless charger, works great.
Great for iphone
I have grown to trust and love the Anker brand. Everything that I have bought has been quality stuff and if it wasnt Anker replaced it immediately. I use the daily at my desk for charging and holding my phone. Simply works and would buy again if needed.
It works.
Ordered for my IPhone. Works great and charges quick.
Keeps my phone charged and at a good viewing angle all day at work. No need to worry about cables and plugging it in and out
Update: 6/13/19 Anker customer reached out to me and replaced the product. It’s been working great and would highly recommend this company and products Original: My charger would only charge for about 2 weeks. Thought I had a faulty unit but amazon shipped out a replacement and again failed after 2 weeks! Maybe it’s not compatible with my IPhone XR?
Very quick shipping time, convenience of no cord to plug in
Easy to use, set up and charges well.
Love it but does not charge as long now.
Perfect for my bedside table, holds at the exact angle I want to see my clock on my phone. Light bar at bottom (red for not charging ready immediately after plugging in, green when charging) is super bright though, so I block it at night. A smaller (perhaps single LED dot) and dimmer light would be preferable.
Easy to use. No problems at all
I loved it!
It charges my phone at work.  Convenient
This is a fun addition
Great quality product.  Charges phone through my Otterbox case which was one of my concerns.  I like so much I purchased one for my father.
This is perfect for what I need (small for bedside tables, plain style so it doesn’t clash with anything). I bought a second one after I started using the first. So easy just to drop on the stand and walk away.
Love this product.  Works great with Samsung android S9 with thin cover & S6 with med thick cover. Trouble with iPhones.
My headline says it all. I love Anker battery packs and their chargers. Apart from top-notch products, they have legendary customer service. I did not contact the customer service but I before and they were outstanding. Coming to this product, it works great with my Galaxy S9 and looks great. The fact that it is a cradle and the phone stands up is a big advantage. I can check the time or any notifications without making an extra effort. Love it more than my wifes  Choetech and my sons Samsung.
Excellent wireless charger! This isn’t a fast wireless charger though! Definitely recommend this product. I use it every night!!
So awesome! Works with my phone a Galaxy S9+, through the case! Solves my problem of plugging the phone in to charge at night, the cord would come loose, and in the morning I would find that it didnt charge at all! I have really bad eyesight so this kept happening. Its so nice to just set the phone down and not have to fuss with it. Great for next to my bed. I have 3 of these, one for next to my bed, one for the living room, and one for the kitchen. Im going to buy two more, one for further from the bed in my room and one for the bathroom. Ill probably buy a few more after that too for my boyfriends house and for gifts for people!
Dislike needs longer plug in cord
Very good product! Satisfied!!
It would have gotten 5 stars all around, but the the cable to plug in is much too short. I love using this for charging my iPhone X.
Received charger yesterday.  So far I like the charger - with one exception which is why I was in the middle of how to rate it.  I have an Iphone XS Max  - the big one.  I have a Symmetry Otterbox case on it with a popsocket on the back.  My phone does charge with a popsocket on it.  Its located on the lower back of the phone.  My only dislike...so far... is that the ledge on which the phone is placed is too narrow to fit with the popsocket on it.  You have to monkey with it to get it to sit right for it to charge.  If its not placed exactly right it wont charge.  Of course, I know this is due to my popsocket.  Unfortunately, Im a klutz and cant live without one so Im going to have to make do until Anker puts out another one with a wider ledge.  Havent tested it to see how long it takes to charge yet.  Will update if it sucks.  Otherwise, I will keep it and hope for a better version in the future.
I have this on my desk at work, its perfect for my LG G7 ThinQ.  Works as shown/described.
Works well with my LG G7 with a Spec Grip case.
Charges my phone and even through the case.
Better quality than some others. Just put the phone down and its charging at a nice angle. Also fairly portable, though it would be nice if it folded for travel.
Good product
Got for my IphoneX.  Works great, phone doesnt get hot like my old wireless charger and the led is dim so its sleep friendly.
Theyre no cons besides you wont be able to use the Apple iPhone charger that comes with it. Im not sure if it just me but it wouldnt work even plugging it into a different location. I was lucky that I have the Samsung Adaptive Charger. Love it. I would recommend this product to anyone. Not sure why but I shouldve gotten it long time ago.
I use this at work (desk job). It keeps my phone charged and at a good angle to see it. My only complaint would be it doesn’t come with a power brick.
It’s small convent and cute
This product is super easy to. Use and works flawlessly with our iPhone XR’s.
This charger works great with my iPhone 8. I have 1 at home and one at the office,
Purchased this charger for my iPhone X.  I was told that it would help my battery longevity if I had one of these wireless chargers. Right out of the box it worked and worked quicker than I had anticipated.  It is the cost of an upper-end cord (I got it on a lightning deal) and seems so far perfect for the purchase price.  I love Anker products, as they are reliable and work well with apple products.
Easy to charge
First, the charging stand is really cool, and really grows on you daily how much easier and better it is then plugging in. I had my first one for a month when it stopped working. I emailed Anker support and they walked me through the solution (make sure the charger plugin was 2amps, and reboot the phone), and all is well. Best is they were willing to replace without hassle. Anyway, since I bought a 2nd one for upstairs.
Quick and easy to use just put your phone on it
Been using this for over a year and it works perfectly. This is the nighttime home for my iPhone and it charge sit great every night. Much easier to grab my phone off the night stand without having to worry about plugs and cords.
Great product at a good value.
It works!
I love how i can now glance at my phone for notifications without having to pick it up
Good product, convenient to use.
For any Qi-enabled phone, this is the charger that simply works. Others need to have the phone centered, which can take some doing, and even then, a slight nudge can push the device out of alignment where it starts to get hot. (in a matter of seconds) The Anker is different. The phone rests on a ledge and activates almost instantly. The phone is aligned by design, and even works like a dock, keeping the phone screen visible in portrait. Its not a quick charge, but high power induction chargers will heat the battery and shorten the life of the phone. The most I get with this one is just a bit warmer than room temp, and thats after leaving it there all night. I can get up, reach for the phone and its at 100%, every morning. Would definitely buy another!
Wife loves it.
Really good product
Works great. I even have a magnetic mount in the top of my case and the charger works flawlessly.
I purchased this to put next to my rocking chair in our nursery and it is perfect for charging my phones during feedings. The angle allows me to stream shows handsfree! Who has time to fumble with chargers?
Works great. Love it
Works great with otter box defender series on IphoneXR
Had a problem with my unit. The Anker PowerPort support was very quick to respond and sent a new unit very promptly. The new PowerPort works great. thanks
Works perfectly for iPhone in otter box defender case.
I use this every day in my office. Charges phone with good speed and gives great visibility to screen!
The device appears to have stopped working after just over 2 months. It so cousins to be charging, but the battery on the phone slowly drains. This does not happen with any other charger using the same phone and power source. May just be a faulty device, but buyer beware. *** Update - 03.05.2019 Following the last device I had, the company sent me a replacement free of charge. This one appears to do the trick just fine. I have a Pixel 3XL, so the device does not charge rapidly, but it is definitely keeping up with and exceeding the amount of power consumed while it is charging - even when I use it for a call or browsing.
Works great for my desk at work. No issues with it falling out of the cradle like the Samsung charger that I had previously. Works with iPhone X.
Excelente producto!!
Does not come with cord for power source or instructions that indicate specifications for source connection.
Wirelessly charges my phone and holds it in upright position. Ive had the charger for over six months and it works well. The light in front confirms when the phone is charging, very convenient. The base of the charger is padded and it doesnt move around my desk. A+
Great product
So far so good.  Charges my phone quickly without a lot of heat build up.  Very happy with this charger.
I really love the radiation protection feature along with the cordless charging.
Good built quality, working so far so good for me.
It’s works great. But note that if you have a popcap on the back of your phone it won’t charge.
works wonderful smaller item so we love it on the kitchen counter so happy with this purchase
Excelente
Bought this on Nov 30, 2018.  It had been working fine in the first 2 months.  Started from early February 2019, for whatever reasons, it became unreliable. Many times I left my phone on the charger (over night) and made sure the phone showed it was charging. Only the next morning I  found out it did not charge at all.  Yes, I careful placed the phone on the charger. The problem is that the phone shows it was charging but actually not.  I tried different phones and got similar results. Ankers customer services contacted me and asked detail information about the wireless charger I had and offered to send me a replacement.  I received the replacement charger about a week ago and have been using it without any problem.  Upgrade the review to 4 stars mainly because of their great customer services, who really care about their products and their customers. I will come back to report the performance of the replacement charger in couple of months.
Anker had never failed me.  Always a quality product.
Works just like it should!!
Works great. Perfect fit
When you are buying from anker, its going to be quality. This stand is no different. I paired the stand with a fast charging wall plug and my iphone x charges to 100 in about 40 minutes or so. I have owned various anker products and have never felt dissatisfied with the quality.
Im using this device for my iPhone8 and it works perfectly on my nightstand.
I like this charger. Attractive and easy to use.
Best charger I have.  It’s the perfect solution!
great product from a great seller
Works great. A lot better than those round discs that are difficult to align the phone on, so it will charge.
Works wonderful!
Does what it says it does, enough said
Plugged it in.  Set my phone on it and it fired right up.  Works just as good or slightly better than plugging it in direct.  We use it with iPhone 8+ and Xr.
Works well
It does its job as a reliable charger.
So much better than having to plug in and unplug and keeps the phone upright so you can see it.  You may have to get an adapter for the fast charge, but I just use it for regular charging
Nothing special it does the job
Nice charging cradle for my phone.  Will work with my iPhone X portrait or landscape position.
Great product I have one in my office at work and one at home. Very happy great product!!
Works great could be a little bigger for people with the plus phones you will under stand but I love this thing
I received this charger as a gift. I wanted a wireless charger that would not lay flat on the table. This wireless charger is perfect. It charges perfectly and it is truly "Plug and play" I have charged my Galaxy S8, LG G7 and Iphones with no problem. I do notice that if the cell phone has one of those ring holders or pop ups, you will need to take the case out and then charge it. It makes sense, so I do not mind doing that.
Love being able to set my phone on this and charge it while I sleep or just when I need a quick charge.  Much better than having to plug it in.
I listen to me earphones at work and since you cant charge and listen at the same time..this is perfect!!
This thing is pretty sweet! Wireless charging at its finest.  Charges quick and love the vertical stand up design.
No issues
Works great on my iPhone 10s but did not work on my boyfriends iPhone 8. Not sure why. We even tried having his Bluetooth on and restarting iPhone.
Great charger. Fast. Simple.
Work great with my iPhone XS
Works very well and is quick enough. Have bought another. I like it better than the kind that lay flat on the table as it takes up less room and the phone is visible.
Great convenient charger. Can watch a movie while you charger. What more do you need?
I bought two of these as stocking stuffers since they are a great price, and form factor for a wireless charger. They work great. No need to plug in your phone anymore! I really like that it stands up so I can see my screen when I get a notification instead of having to pick it up off of the charger. I have a lamp in my office that has a wireless charge pad in its base, and my iPhone Xs likes to slide off it from the vibration of a few notifications. The Anker charger does not have that issue. Im thinking of buying a few more for various spots in the house to always have a charger handy.
Bought 2 and they work well!
Exactly what they wanted.
I love Anker products. Kind of like how I feel about Logitech. I would have given this 5 stars but, I like a dark room to sleep in. I use automotive window tint on my alarm clock display to dim its light. So I bought this to unplug one of my devices (the clock) and then use the phone as a clock while it is charging. The blue light that signifies that the phone is charging is bright. In fact it is brighter than the clock display on the phone and my eyes focus on the blue light brightness and i can not see the clock without blocking the light with my thumb.
Works well with an iPhone 7+
Perfect angle for when you use it on your desk
Its ok
The size works great for any size table, even if you have other items to work around. I would recommend this to a friend.
Extremely Great product to use daily I had no issues  I would reccomend this product
Got tired of buying new charge cables.  New phone has QI and my wife is thriiled not havingto plug the in anymore.
makes contact across the entire surface, charges well.
I made the mistake of buying another wireless charger for my home that was the lay flat on the table variety.  Seemed like the right way to go at the time.  But I always have difficulty making sure the phone when I lay the phone down it is in exactly the right place, or it doesnt charge.  But since I have the Anker charger, I just drop the phone on the stand and I immediately know its going to charge.  Plus having my phone on a stand on my desk while Im working makes it easy to see messages as they come in without having to grab the phone first.  Cant ask for better than this charger, or any Anker product for that matter....
This has worked very well for my iPhone X. I’ve used it for 6 months with no issues. Much better than the flat one I had at first as that one I would sometimes miss the “sweet” spot and miss the charge.
no more cheap amazon wire chargers at my house, got wireless charger in my room, living room 
Very fast charging
Sturdy. Keep it on my desk then just plug it into my laptop whenever I need to charge my phone while still keep an eye on it. Wished it could change the angle, but not a huge negative for me
Thank you guys
This is perfect for me because I use my phone as a clock at night.
I love how Anker has always been super straight forward with instructions. The product does its job and even have a little rubber slab at the bottom which prevents users from pushing it away from them, and from the phone from slipping. However one draw back that I do find is the fact that the material could be better. The stand itself does feel like plastic and cheap.
Beats using charging cords, which kept breaking.
it does what I want.  reasonable cost, easy to use
I got this to sit on my desk. Super convenient. Charges the phone fairly quickly. I’ve had it for several months and it works as advertised. I am very happy with my purchase.
Love the ease of use and how fast it charges
Its a perfect charger. Nothing wrong and easy to set
Works through my iPhone 8+ leather case
This thing works and it’s so fast
I’ve had this for  five months now, works great! I had bought a second one from a different manufacturer that stopped working after about a month. I will definitely re-order this particular brand again.
This is perfect for me and it charges quickly
It works well...
Good!!
Product works as expected and doesn’t take up much room on desk or night stand keeping the phone in easy reach. Additionally, it is portable enough for extended business travel.
Excellent charger.
It works great.
The charging power is decent. I havent had any problems with it. I like that I can use as a stand to watch videos on my phone, and at the same time its charging my phone. Sometimes I just use as a stand without plugging it in. I wish the cord was longer, but I guess I could buy a separate one. Very practical. Right now, Im using an LG G6 and it works well with it.
This is a great charger. It’s not lightning fast so it does take a little bit to receive a full charge.
I finally got a phone that had wireless charging (iPhone 8) and this stand works great! It charges quickly and I like having my phone propped up instead of lying flat. It is much easier to see the screen. I ended up buying a second one for my desk at work as well.
Love it! Charges my 8 plus overnight with no problems.
Great product
I bought this charger simply to charge my phone while I was at work.  Its a great stand charger and gets my iPhone charged rather quickly.  Ive had no issues with the product thus far.
Ordered two of these, one of them broke the second time we put a phone on it.  Update: Anker sent two replacement units and they work as expected.
Everything works and charges my iPhone as well, just wish it came with longer cable and a usb to outlet base
sits up where you can still do facetime... works great and charges as intended
Charges the phone fast while the viewing angle lets me see texts and calls while working on the computer. Fantastically built as always. Anker is the new standard.
Not only is this a great product anker is a great company from what I’ve seen so far.  I have about four other anchor items in my cart.  This would make the perfect gift for someone and the best part is with the $25 price range.  I will be bying one for my mother and my sister. (phone pictured is a iPhone 8 Plus)  I also suggested by the anchor wall charger.
This is the 2nd one I buy and this ones going on my desk at work. Theyre both working fantastically.
Great value for money! Works with iPhone at 5W
I love this charger! Very easy to assemble and once it’s assembled, it’s very easy to charge the phone. It charges the phone completely and it’s just so nice to be able to set the phone on the charger vs plugging it in. Very convenient and I would highly recommend.
This works fine for my galaxy s9 no problem.
This charger is perfect. Works well, charges fast. I like the fact you can just set the phone on it without worrying about getting it positioned just right to charge like I have to do on other Qi chargers I have. I have bought three others for family members.
I love this thing. Never realized how inconvenient plugging in a phone each night would be. This is one of those things that just makes my life simpler
I originally purchased this item for a friend. However, the product doesn’t work for iPhone 6. So I kept it , works well . Charges fast. My only recommendation is to make the cord a little longer .
Works just like you would expect.
I was happy to find that this charger still works with the phone case on.  I set it up next to my bed with the dim always on setting and its like an alarm clock at night with 100% charge in the morning.  WOOOT !!
Great product for a work desk. The charging power was really good. Definitely would buy anything from Anker again.
This is my first time utilizing a wireless charger. I wanted something that would stand the phone up, rather than laying down on my night stand. My s10 plus sits perfectly on the charger and charges great with a spigen case on it. absolutely no issues thus far. I bought two of them.
Great product, fast charging.
I like the fact that it stands up in a position that you can charge phone in a vertical or horizontal position.
Charges my iPhone 8 Plus fast.
Love it so much we have 4 now!!!!! Easy to use and set up!!!!! Can’t say how much we love them!!!
Works great.  Just like advertised
From reviews I’ve read of similar devices this thing does not heat up at all. Fast charge. Not worried about my phone one bit.
just what my wife wanted
Really like the charger. Works great charges fast. So easy to use. Best part I don’t have to plug it into my phone.
This charger is amazing at charging my iPhone 8 at anytime super conveniently. I personally use it at my gaming setup to quickly just plop down my phone and get a charge. It is important to know that with anything on your phone, like a pop socket or wallet, it will not charge, but besides that, it is a great charger and it doesn’t sacrifice quality for convenience.
Easy to use
Works very wel. You always know that you have the phone placed in the charger properly.
I have an iPhone XS with a fairly thick otterbox defender case and this works very well. I was worried that the case would be too thick to work with the charger but that hasn’t been the case. I’ve been really happy with the quality of all of the Anker products I’ve bought.
Very easy to use and set up. Super nice when needing to pick up the phone and go since there’s no unplugging. Only issue is that it’s the slowest charger I’ve ever had for my iPhone
Works as promised.
Very nice. I use it for an iPhone XS with an otter box defender case on and it charges with no problem.  I charge it over night and have no problems getting a full charge in the morning but for a fast charge I use the cord charger assuming it’d be faster ♂ I haven’t really paid attention to how fast it charges. I like this position better than a flat disc charger because you can see notifications and time better
It’s very easy to use, convenient and just plain looks cool.  Love it!
I loved it so much I bought two one for the living room and one for the bedroom
Works great. Took a while to charge at first, but now it charges as if the phone was plugged in just about
Got this for a LG V40, works perfectly! The stand takes up very little room on the table, and is super easy to use. It replaced one that lays flat so the phone had to be placed just right. With this all you do is put the phone on it and its always aligned. It even works with a case. Cant ask for anything more.
I have three.
Love it. High end quality product.
Works great with my IPhone XS Max! Also has a really thick credit card case. No issues!
This charger is solid for the price point, I do wish it sat a little higher off the base.
Great product,  charges fast, and has a nonslip base so it doesn’t move around on your desk.
I liked the first one I bought so much I bought a second one for my desk.  I use the first one I bought on the bedside table.  I like how it holds the phone upright:  I can quickly see the time by glancing at it.  I use it to charge an LG G7 ThinQ, with a Suensan TPU Clear Shock Case (charges right through it).
I bought this wireless charger for my iPhone X. This device made by plastic ( I never drop on the floor). Charging time is very fast compared to your regular Apple cable (OEM). What I like about most?  You can put your phone charge position vertical or horizontal. I use the Skype system a lot. It is very convenient that I can have my both hands free while I talk to someone. Plus, the device is very lightweight no problem to moving around the house. This device makes my life more easy and joyful.
Works well on iPhone X. Don’t forget to relocate your magnetic holder plate on the back of your phone .  if you have one it won’t work
This looks great on my desk.  Sleek and black and blends in.  It charges my Galaxy S9 with a case AND a phone loop.  Always works.
Best out there, I only trust Anker! Would give 1,000 stars!!!!
Got it on lighting deal for $13. Worth every single nickel. Works with iPhone xs max with a otterbox defender case on it, no problem. Wouldve gladly paid $20+ for it.
Best Buy for this type of product
So far this product is outstanding
Bought this in July 2018, I used it for a few weeks which it worked fine before putting it in storage when i moved. Just took it out now and the charging no longer works. This is where i plug it in and the LED indicator will turn blue for a few seconds before turning off. Product was fine when it worked but i am a bit disappointed given i have several Anker products and the others have been working fine after a year plus. I guess this is one of those cases where you get what you pay for. EDIT(2/4/2019) - Anker Customer Service has personally reached out to me and sent a replacement. Regardless of my experience with this one product, i have plenty other Anker products and their willingness to go above and beyond what most merchants do is part of the reason why i continue to use their products. So in short, even if something happens, Anker will do what they can to make things right.
It was great for a few weeks.  Now the blue light just blinks.  It doesnt feel warm.  No metal between my phone and the charger.  I threw it out. *update 4/23/19 ** Then Anker contacted me to get some more details about the problem.  They offered me a new unit or a refund.  Since I already had another charger I took the refund.  This is first class customer service.  They do stand behind their products and they do care about their customers.  This is why I am changing my review to 5 stars.
This device is great. i can just place my phone on it at work and be able to use it while it is charging because of the upright position. It charges my iphone XS Max decently although never as fast as a plug in charger. worth the buy for sure!
I bought this to use at work. It charges quick and as soon as I got it my boyfriend wanted one so I ended up buying another.
Works just as described. Happy with the charger.
Convenience
I use this at work and it charges my phone just fine.
I like the charging speed.
It’s charges my phone thru the case which is great. But I kinda feel like it charges a lot slower than my cord does. #iphone8
Note the above but the silly charger will not hold the "bare" phone in place very well since there is no rubber etc. on the base of the charger to secure the phone when using.  Kind of a pita but still a good charger and a bit overpriced compared to the competition.  Note: will still charge an XS with a magnet placed at the bottom inside of the case without getting hot.  Nice.
It’s easy to use just set your phone in it no more wires to find or pick up off the floor
No problem
Home base charger. Bought 2, shoulda bought 4.
I have this on my desk at work, just get one..... it charges and your not plugging in and can watch whatever in the position it’s in.
Anker is one of the best at manufacturing electronic. Charger powering is great, durability of material is top notch.Just an awesome product
This charger is fantastic.  Getting a great charge even through my cover.  Hopefully it will last many months.  The packaging was very unexpected.  It was so neat and orderly.  Thanks!
Excelente
Works great
Have tried a couple other brands, this is my favorite and no issues!!  Good deal
The first charger buzzed but the manufacturer quickly replaced it and followed up. Great service and device works properly.
Works great with my IPhone 10S Plus
I bought this charger because they said it would work with a slim style case, but I had a concern.  I LOVE my Pop Sockets, and I wasn’t going to remove it just to make charging easier.  Would my new charger work with my Pop Socket? The answer is yes, but positioning is everything.  I have an iPhone 8+ (one of the large ones) and as you can see in the pictures, my Socket’s location is offset and not centered on the back of phone.  When I put my phone on the charger, I put it on sideways and the Socket is off to the side; NOT between the phone and the charger.  I can’t say if this affects charging time as I do it overnight, but it does - without a doubt - charge.  I’m very pleased.
Wish I had bought this thing sooner. Now my phone can sit on my desk angled so I can see it, and I can pick it up and put it down without unplugging. Also charges through a plastic case I was worried about, but no problem! Comes with cable, though no wall adaptor, which you probably already have.  If your phone has wireless charging you need one of these!
Got this as a Christmas gift for my husband. He loves it and it seems to charge well even with the Otter Box on the phone. 1 month in, so far so good, and we even took it on vacation.
This worked nice at first and then after a short time (a few weeks or so) of normal use, the port on the back of the charger became very loose. The cable now practically falls out of the charger. In order for it to work at all, the plug has to be pressed into the charger or the connection is loose or the cord falls out. Edit: Changed from 2 stars to 4 stars because they contacted me and promptly sent me a replacement. Not sure yet if the same issue will happen, but at least the company stands behind their product.
Great positioning for a desk or kitchen.  I wish it came in white too!
I put this on my computer desk to prop up and charge my phone- and it works great - good material
I bought two, one for my desk and one for my husbands nightstands (we both have the iPhone X). We have flat Qi chargers, but I appreciated the ability to have my phone charging upright on my desk for ease in swiping up, looking at calendars, texts, etc., without having to shift too much if Im in the middle of something else on my computer. My husband likes using his phone as an alarm clock, so having it upright on the charger is really nice for him as well. Because we were both so happy with the two we already had, we bought two more: one for my husbands desk and one for my nightstand. I like having it on my nightstand because if my phone gets a notification after Im in bed for the night or when Im still in bed in the morning, I can just glance over and swipe upwards without having to prop myself up on an elbow to unlock my phone and all that. Facial recognition is easy, the way its positioned (mattress slightly higher than nightstand). I find that this charger charges just as quickly as an Apple lightning cable plugged into an iPad USB-to-plug adapter. The blue light is nice to let you know that your phone is charging, and my phone charges upright or sideways on it, even with a case. At night I find the blue light annoying because the rest of my room is dark, but I just put an object in front of it that is low enough to block the light but not interfere with the phone screen. If I didnt have that, a small piece of masking or painters tape probably would have been fine. Its not super bright but seems so when the room is otherwise pitch black. All in all, this is a winner!
The charger works exactly as advertised.  I use it with my iPhone X.  After about 8 months it quit working properly, Thus the 4 stars instead of 5. I contacted Anker and they immediately sent me some trouble shooting steps.  Those failed and they immediately sent me a new charger.  They were extremely responsive and even emailed me a couple days after receiving the replacement charger to make sure everything was good. Any company can have the rare bad unit, its the way they handle these situations that separates them from the others.  I highly recommend using Anker products.
Easy to use
The charging stand is sleek and easy to use.  The only reason I gave it 4-stars is that it should have a rubberized area to prevent your phone from sliding if you want to leave it on the stand and check something; like the time.  Also, the little blue light is surprisingly bright at night.  LIke..., I dont need a nightlight bright.  It does turn off when your phone is not on it.  I also wish it had a lightning connector instead of the USB (mini, micro, whatever it is).  Im sure its a patent issue with Apple, but it means keeping track of yet another cord.
I wanted a "slow" charger since I prefer to charge overnight and would prefer to minimize overcharging as much as possible. It looks good, charges from basically any phone position, and avoids overheating.
Convenient just setting the phone down and have it charge
Great product, starts charging right after putting a phone on it. Also has a light on the front that comes on when a phone is placed on it and is charging, the light is very useful when your phone is dead or off. No problems with it, recommend Anker products and this is no exception.
I like it
Works good for me in either horizontally or vertically.
I have had this product for almost one year and am very pleased with it.  I would certainly buy it again.  Recently it stopped charging my phone.  I turned the phone off and back on.  The phone then charged as before.  The problem was with the phone (possibly a software upgrade that needed a restart to initialize something) and not the charger.  I have found the convenience of the charger well worth its price.
Works excellent for both iPhone and androids
Love it. Easy to use. Fast charge. A game changer.
It is simple to use. Really no excuse to not have one at this point. Anker has great background and this charger is great. I can easily throw my phone on it, and a few hours later with out grabbing aimlessly or reaching, tap the snooze button on my phone. Only problem ive found, i let my wife use it, she liked it, so she "stole" it. I had to order another one for myself. It works for Android and the lesser(apple). It came packaged great and easy to use instructions. Get one, itll make snoozing so much easier.
I am a firm believer is Anker products. This charger sits on my work desk and it works every time i set my phone onto it. I use an iphone 8+ with a full case and it still charges it fine. Use a longer cord that what is provided. I charges with a micro USB cord.
I use an Otter Defender and the wireless chargers that came with my phone dont penetrate. I can however charge without having to strip away the casing every single time with this item.
Love it.  Ordered another.  Seriously works better than the more expensive models great value. I love that it’s angled so you can see the screen on desk.
Works great
Works well - where the cable plugs into the device is kinda finicky and if I pull the charger forward can sometimes dislodge the cable enough to need to be re-plugged in.
This is a really nice charger for my iPhone XS Max.  I use it on my bed nightstand and works perfect.  I like that you dont have to click it in and just lays on the stand very easy.
To some extent many of these wireless chargers are all the same and cutting through the noise to find a good one can be a laborious effort. I went through a process of trying 6 or 7 different models like this before settling on the Anker for several key reasons. First is the ability for a charger to charge the phone while its oriented vertically and horizantally. I had issues with some models only charging my Note 8 through my UAG Monarch case while it was on its side. The Anker charges in both orientations and seems the most forgiving of the models I tried when it came to dropping it on the charger slightly off center and not being finicky. Second is charge rate, how the phone behaves while on the charger and whether the charger continues to charge once the phone reaches 100% -- all the models I tried were really close, again, I dont think any of these are utilizing tech that blows any others out of the water. What seemed to set the Anker apart is 1) you place the phone on the charger it notifies its charging.....and thats it. Some other chargers for some reason would do something that causes the phone screen to activate off the Always On Display for no apparent reason; and 2) the Anker holds the charge at 100% once reached. Several others would shut off at 100% and then the phone battery would start draining...the only way to reactivate charging was to lift the phone off the charger and replacing it. I use this on my desk at work all day -- the last thing I need to be doing is paying attention to something like that and if I dont getting up after a 10 hour day and my phone is at 60%. Thirdly- asthetics. The Anker looks really classy and I like the lighting on it vs. some others that arent as modern looking  say things like "Fast Charge" on the base and have ugly green lighting. As far as poor charginer performace and overheating? No such issues with either. I will say to those claiming this doesnt charge well? Are you using a QC 3 plug and cord? If youre not, this charger (or any wireless charger for that matter) cant push the juice necessary to fast charge. If youre using old cast off plugs from other phone models or from several years ago? Thats your problem. You MUST utilize QC 3 components from the wall to the charger or else it wont charge at that rate. Overall, the best performace and looks for the best price of perhaps any wireless charger available at this time. Highly recommended.
I love my new charger. After reading some of the less starred reviews I was a bit reluctant to buy the standing type.  Have been using it for months now, almost every night.
Got this for my husband as a surprise and he loves it. Keeps his phone charged and looks sleek!
Saw this for $80 and when I paid for in the 20s was incredible.
Works great.
Always delivering quality products. I trust Anker for all my charging accessories
it charge my s9+ really good and quick. useful for a stand also
I really appreciate just sitting my phone on this charger with no requirement for a remote connection to my phone.  I am very happy with it and wish that I had this capability years ago.
I really like this charger.
Bought 2. One for my iPhone X & one for my sons Samsung Note. It works great for both phones while both are in their Otterbox Defender covers! Great buy!
Excellent!
Once I set it up, it is great as a standalone charger for my IPhone. Bright blue light is on when the phone is charging or when phone is setting in charger. Charges up very fast. So far, it is my best charger ever. Highly recommend it.
For only 20 bucks, this is a great wireless charger. Wireless fast charging isnt as fast as normal fast charging, but its still pretty fast and its nice being able to set my phone down on a stand where I can see it and it automatically charges. Its especially nice because the charging port on my phone is starting to wear out, so this ensures that my phone stays "plugged in" while its sitting on the stand
Purchased for use on desktop at work and works like a charm. No more cumbersome and always breaking charging cords. Plus nice to be able to see texts as they come in and calendar remembers as they pop up.  Requires USB port for charging so I plugged mine into my dell laptop charging block. ***** If you dont have an available USB slot to plug into, you will need a USB AC charging plug. Use the one that came with your phone! Would purchase again highly satisfied.
I bought this to charge my iPhone XR and it works great, especially for the price. I like having my phone sit vertically so that I can see alerts while I work, and while I havent exactly tested this, it seems to charge my phone pretty quickly. Maybe more quickly than a wall charger. This works great for me and Id recommend it to anyone looking for a solid, inexpensive wireless charger.
Works with iPhone 8
Working great so far! Beautiful design!
Recharges quickly.
This is the first wireless charger that I like. Ive tried several, but this one is so nice.  I like that it keeps the phone standing up, while charging.  Its great on the night stand too.  Id suggest it if you need a nice, sleek, fast charger.
Having a wireless charger is great! I really enjoy Ankers products. Ive purchased 2 of these and use them daily. One of them stopped working out of the blue but I reached out to Ankers support team and they quickly responded to me and send me a replacement. Great company, great product, and great customer service!
Original post: Bought the wrong item (my bad).  Charges my phone fine, use it on my nightstand, so it usually has enough time to fully charge over night.  Intended to buy the fast wireless charger, somehow bought this one instead.  Dont buy it.  Save $2 and get the newer fast wireless charger. Update: I fully admit that buying the wrong charger (I wanted the Fast Wireless Charger) was my mistake.  I left a 2 star review - not as a reflection of the product, but as a reflection of my frustration that it was easy to make that mistake and the initial return attempt was going to charge me $6 to exchange this item for the one that I meant to buy. But the amazing team at Anker reached out to me because they wanted to make sure that I was completely happy.  They have arranged to send me the Fast Wireless Charger that I had intended to buy, even though I admitted that it was my mistake and I told them that I did not expect them to do so.  Thank you Anker! I will add that I currently own several other Anker products and I am completely happy with all of them.  I trust the quality and reliability of this companys products and now I am blown away at their top notch customer support!
Using this with an anker wall adapter, and anker usb cable. Works great with usual Anker quality.
Bought this for iPhone X when other wireless charger would not work. This one is compatible. Works well. It is sturdy and not Flexible so if you want to travel with it know it won’t lie flat. Also does not work with old iPhones/pod.
Works great, especially with some double sided tape in the bottom to secure it to a surface.
I recently bought the new iPhone XS Max and wanted a stand for it so that when I am at work I can look at it without having to pick it up and I wanted a charge.  This is perfect for both!
Works perfectly with XR. Good design and value
Does what was described
Fast charging
Quiet, fastcharging
solid for 2 months without a hiccup... charges iPhone thru my spiegen case no problems
I have 2 round wireless chargers purchased from Sprint, but if my phone did not sit on it just right, it did not charge- talk about frustrated!  This charger put all of that frustration aside- does a wonderful job, plus because of the way the phone sits on it, you can easily use your phone while it is charging.  All of this is of special benefit to me because I have to use wireless charger(s) exclusively due to a small plastic piece broken in my mini USB port makes the port useless.
This charger is reliable and makes your phone sit at a perfect angle!
Works well. Charges thru an otterbox
Great
I had a cheaper wireless charger before Anker.  Now, my phone no longer beeps more than once after the charge is complete.  The charger knows when to stop, I recommend this product to anyone.
Feels a little cheap and is light but works great!
My son likes being able to prop phone while sitting at desk.
Me gusta mucho su facilidad de uso, si practicidad y lo until que ha sido. Debería tener un botón al cual podemos usar para indicar en que momento cargar
Everyone should have a wireless charger.  Easy to use and works great.  Beats plugging the thing in every day and fooling with the connection, especially in the dark.  Try it, youll like it!
Stopped working after 4 months. I have numerous Anker products and this is not common with their products. Anker sent me a replacement. Great customer service
can’t go wrong buying Anker products. Warranty and service is great!
I received this stand charger as an exchange for the pad that stopped working.  This one is so convenient and works great!  Ankers customer service was excellent.  Would definitely buy from them again.
UPDATE 9/22/2018 (Originally 3 stars, now 5 stars): I was originally disappointed because this device does not come with a wall adapter. So I wrote the review below and then purchased an Anker Power Port II wall adapter separately. Very quickly, Anker customer support reached out to me, apologized for the inconvenience, forwarded my feedback to their product team, and refunded the price of the wall adapter. I was very impressed with this customer service and will buy from Anker again. ORIGINAL REVIEW 9/17/2018 (3 stars): This wireless charger DOES NOT not come with a wall adapter (charging brick). It also says not to use Apples standard iPhone charging brick. So... I guess Im going to go hunt for a compatible wall adapter. Very disappointed... this is a charging device that doesnt come with a wall adapter. Thats ridiculous. 2 stars off. ANKER: I would have gladly paid more for you to include a wall adapter. As for the rest of the product... Its fine I guess. It does what its supposed to do. It charges the phone wirelessly even through an average leather case. You can charge in portrait or landscape orientation, and its not hard to put it in the correct spot to trigger charging.
Good
UPDATE: Anker read my review and offered to replace the unit at no cost.  Its great to have a company stand behind their products even when its outside the warranty period.  Changing my rating from 2 to 4 stars. I bought this to charge my phone on my desk and still be visible while I do my work. It worked great for just under 4 months. Now it doesn’t work. I tried swapping the cable or the USB input but it turned out to be the unit itself. I specifically selected this product because I’ve come to trust the Anker name.  Now I’m weary to buy another one because it might suffer the same fate. I have another brand that I bought for my night stand at home that still works great and it’s at twice the time in service.
Anker has to be at the top for customer service Prior to this order I had ordered the same thing and left some concerns about the product having issues here on Amazon Less than a day later I was contacted by Anker asking about the issue and what they could do to make things right After a few correspondes with them which helps there folks understand the product issue They bent over backwards to make me happy Hats off to you Anker in a day when it seems customer service is all but non existent I even apologized for not getting back to them for a month or so due to health issues and Ariel(the employees name) specifically emailed expressing concern and wishing for a good recovery How’s that for customer service WOW long story short anything you buy may not suit your needs or may fail but it’s the peace of mind knowing a company you purchased product from genuinely cares Hats off Anker
When it works it is fine. Works like my other CHI chargers. Sometimes it has a problem where the blue charge light on the charger just flashes instead of staying solid blue and it will not charge the phone. I would leave the phone on there expecting a full charge when I come back, but it has not charged at all. Frustrating part is I dont know why or when it does it so I have to take time to make sure it charges before walking away. Its more hassle for me than using the plug. Took me a while to figure out it is the charger and not me so I went past the return window. Wished I did return it. Anker used to be my go to brand, but this item really disappointed me. *Update* Anker contacted me soon after the review and sent me one that works great at no charge. My confidence in Anker has been fully restored. Anker customer service will back their products which is my biggest buying point.
Im using this stand with an Apple 12W power adapter.  It charges my iPhone X from 0 to 18% in 30 minutes.  That is about half of the speed I get if I just use the wall charger alone.  I usually only use this stand to top off my phone or as a stand, so I am not too concerned about the charging speed.  I have had the charger for several months and it is still working flawlessly.
Great Product!  Anker continues to amaze me with the amazing products!
Ordered two in July. Loved them at first.  Now less than two months out and both stopped working almost to the day together.  Tried unplugging, plugging, switched cords, etc.  Nothing. 9-12-18- UPDATE-  I was contacted by Anker after they saw my post; I didnt contact them. Customer service is outstanding!!  They immediately sent me two new replacement chargers.  Couldnt ask for better service.  So far so good on the new chargers.  Every product made can have an occasional failure but Ankers response shows they are committed to make sure they correct any issues and ultimately produce a good product.  A greatly appreciate the Customer Service and wish all companies were as responsive as Anker.
Used it for my iphone 8 plus with apple orginal case and it’s really slow and useless Waste of money Update: Anker reached out to me after my review and sent me a different fast model for free!! I’m so satisfied with their service and 5 stars for the service
Best invention ever. Works well even with some of my fun cases I use.
Love Anker products. Well made. This thing is slick. Gave away all my other stands. I can listen to music, watch a movie, do work, play, or just let it charge. It feels very sturdy. I have a Speck case— no probs w charging or sitting on the stand.
Fast charging (2x speed of my other wireless charger - that was 2x the price!). Quality material. Having the phone propped up is so much nicer than a flat charging pad while working. It also charges in landscape mode which is nice when watching videos.
Absolutely love the product.  It holds your phone vertically or horizontally.  It also looks sleek, and fits in on any modern working desk
If you have a Qi compatible device (like the newest iPhones or Samsung Galaxy S6, S7, S8, or S9), this is a great charging stand.  Its easy to line up the phone in the correct spot, and it holds the phone at a nice angle for using the phone.  It comes with a short USB cord, but not a USB power adaptor, and so youll need one of those to make this work.
Great charger. I love that it stands up and you can hold it vertically or horizontally.
The charger came in good condition and worked well. It looked stylish on my desk and gave me a good viewing angle of my phone from my seat. The charger always charges my iPhone X with a case on well and in a reasonable time. I would recommend this product to those looking for a good and reliable Wireless Qi Charger.
Works better than my Samsung fast charger plus I dont have to take off the case!!
This product works great and charges through your case if you have one. I have noticed that sometimes it wont charge but when I re-plug it in it works fine. Charges battery considerably fast as well.
Increíble
Works really well, I have it set up next time my bed and charge the phone overnight.
Works well for my Samsung galaxy s phone. Charges in about 2.5 to 3 hours, which is fine as an overnight cradle even if it isnt quite as fast as the wired charging is capable of. First one was a little glitchy, bit the seller quickly sent a replacement that works very well.
Works through OtterBox case on iPhone where other wireless chargers haven’t.
Didn’t charge my IPhone X with a thin case over it. I tried several differently powered plugs, left the phone overnight, and woke up to see the battery almost drained. ****Update: Anker reached out to me and their incredible customer service sent me a new unit to try out. My first charger must have been a dud because the new unit works perfectly! Thanks Anker.
great value for a Qi charger
Does the job on a Samsung S9+. Bought two.
Updating my review from one to four stars. I had given it one because it worked fine for four months, then all of a sudden quit charging. I tried it with a different phone and cord, and it still didnt work. However, after my first review I decided to give it one more chance with a completely different cord, and it started working again. Not sure why it wont work with the two other cords, but at least it works now.
Works good for my back up charger for my iPhone X. Maker makes great products
I really like it. Works well. No more cable.
Already bought a second one - these are great for nightstand use with one of the apps that serves as a white noise and/or alarm clock function
This item worked fine for about 2 months and one night decided to stop charging. It sat on my nightstand since I got it so it had hardly been handled at to suddenly stop working like it did. Usually Anker is a solid product. Edit: I finally tried a different usb plug that plugged into base and it started working again. I’m not sure why the other one suddenly stopped working since I’d used it for months.
Nice to have near the bed. Get up and go. Good pretty fast charge. Not as fast your usual direct plug charge but it’s the fastest wireless charging I’ve used. Anker is pretty good with their products. Update!!!——— Cord that was provided for the wireless charger no longer works. Only 6 months of use. Not long lasting product. Pretty sad Even Newer Update!——— Anker contacted me and sent me a replacement cord. Longer too. It’s been holding up nicely too. Must’ve gotten a bad cord the last time. Thanks Anker!
Works flawlessly!
Works great.
Excellent and fast charging for my note 8
Tried with multiple different chargers and phones. Would not charge either an iPhone X or a LG G6.  Disappointed overall. Update - Contacted by Anker directly after negative review.  Anker offered me a replacement for the nonfunctional unit and was very helpful.  New unit works without issues.  Very impressed by their customer service.
Works great.
Charge iPhone X nicely, the angled design takes less desk space and good viewing angel.
easy to use
awesome product
I have a PopSocket on the back of my phone, and this charger still works on it!
Good charger. The light is ess obtrusive than other chargers Ive had, which is great for night use. Seems to charge as fast as wired on both a S7 and S9s. Dropped a star because there seems to be a very quiet rapid beeping noise when plugged in, even when not in use. I tried different plugs and outlets with two chargers and still there. Almost completely unnoticeable unless its nearly silent and you have good hearing.
Its okay but there are a couple of things I dont love about it.  First, the stand is pretty light, so that its easy to tip when you set your phone on it.  Its not terrible but its enough of an issue I have to think about how Im setting it down, which undercuts the convenience of the stand.  It wouldnt have been that hard or I assume that costly to have put some more weight in the base.  The second issue, which Im not sure is Ankers fault as much as the nature of the product, but it charges fairly slowly as compared with a lightning connection.  Overall, just enough issues to give me pause. Upgraded my rating to reflect very proactive customer service in trying to help me sort things out.
The stand is awesome! Always works and love that it’s upright.
Wasnt sure it would work with my thick heavy Otterbox Defender case, but it worked just fine.  Seems to charge  quickly.  In addition, my old phone (Galaxy S5) which was put in the drawer when the charging connection failed, charges great on this device as well.  May have been able to keep my old phone longer by purchasing this charger sooner.  Would definitely buy again.
love this.  not a quick charger however i love that i can charge my phone in portrait or landscape.  I use it to charge my phone while watching videos which is great.  the blue light shows you that its charging but its not bright and its only one when the phone is charging.
does exactly as advertised. Great build and very convenient
Great out of the box.  Cord is a bit short
Easy to use, great performance, nice design. Perfect for your desck
Arrived early, and works with both my IPhone X ( without case on ) and my husbands Samsung Galaxy Note 9. I would buy again.
Exelente cargador
When I bought this charger, I didn’t expect the quality of the packaging or even the product to amaze me. The packaging was very impressive for a $20 charger and the overall quality is good. It also charges pretty fast compared to other wireless chargers. Definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a wireless charger!
Love the quick charging and no cables!
Charge the phone fast
The review asks for material quality battery life and durability. None of those categories makes sense to me for this product. This plugs into a USB. I usually keep it in on my nightstand. It is easy to find in the dark and place so that the phone charges. The one thing that could be better from this perspective is the charge confirmation light is blue. Blue light for trying to sleep seems counterproductive. I wish I could either turn off the light or that it was yellow. I love the stand. I can have my phone upright or horizontal. If my phone is low but Im not ready to sleep I can play a show and have my phone charge without annoyingly holding it over my head. Perfect use for a stand. If I didnt charge my phone at night for some reason Ill put the charger on my bathroom counter (its far from water) so I can listen to music while getting ready in the morning. Overall this has worked perfectly for my wants and needs for a charger. I would buy again and recommend.
I wouldn’t change a thing.
Nice addition to my desk to peek at my phone as I work, charges in either orientation
So much better than plugging my phone in. Great charger and no issues after a few months of use.
Good
Works nice looks good
Me gusto mucho este articulo
Beats charging with a cable
Cord that comes with is useless, plan to spend money on a new cord
Easy to use / wish the led light would go off, my wife didnt like it next to the bed i put a peice of tape over led light
UPDATE: The first one I ordered did not work properly.  However, after the seller saw my review, they contacted me and sent out a brand new one at no charge.  I love it and will purchase additional units for my office, etc.
It charged my galaxy s9 10% in 2 hours of charging. It is slower than the nonfast cable charge. I also have a belkin wireless charger and that charges way faster than this anker one. This anker product is nice to have because it stands up right facing you, and can be used when you dont need a quick charge. Maybe while youre sitting at the desk for a while working on something else. UPDATE: Ankers has great support. They sent me another charger that works very well, and charges fast. Anker is my trusted brand!
I like
it just works perfectly!!!
Love it for my iPhone.
A gift from my husband I didn’t know I wanted but I love it!!!
Works great.
Easy to use and quick charging for iPhone X. It also works with iPhone 8s
If your phone supports wireless charging, you must have at least one of these. I have two of these in my room, and a Samsung wireless charger. It doesnt charge the phone as fast as the Samsung stand but gets the job done. Very easy to use. It keeps the phone in a vertical position which I like because I can use my phone as a clock. The only thing i dislike is that you have to make sure your device is centered on the stand to have it properly charging. Its a bit annoying when you are laying in bed and pick it up to check a message.
I have a Defender case on my iPhone, read other reviews that say it works with a case. It sure does! Theres a sweet spot, easy to find.
I have two of these to be for my desk at work and one for my desk at home. Very easy you use just rest your on the stand. I have an iPhone 8 Plus and no issue with a larger phone.
Works well as described
I have this set up on my computer desk and it works great. The angle is perfect for seein notifications that pop up, and the front power indicator light is subtle yet stylish. Overall I’m quite happy with my purchase, and recommend this charger.
Oh yeah!!!! Awesome design.  I wish you turn off the blue charging light but it is easy to cover with a piece of black e tape.  It charges fast and looks decent.  You can also place your phone in it sideways an turn on a movie while it is charging.
Brilliant. Works. Simple as that!
Upgrading my review to FOUR stars. This replacement charger sent by Anker is working without a probem. I am hopeful I will get a year or so out of it, and if so, will upgrade to a FIVE star review. Thanks, Anker, for great customer service and a good product. Apparently the first charger I received had a problem. Update: THREE stars. Anker is a great company.  They sent a new charger to replace the one that lost its ability to charge. So far, it has been working just fine. However, I have only had it one week.  So time will tell. Upgrading from 2 stars to 3. Original review: TWO stars. Frustrating. It sometimes works, and when it does, it works well. However, its not very fast. The problem, though, is that Ive only had it just under two weeks, and it seems to only charge sometimes, like when it feels like charging. I place my phone on the center of the charger, and it indicates it is charging. But when I look at it again, sometimes it is still charging, and sometimes it is not. There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason as to why it sometimes does not charge. I need a charger to be predictable and charge all of the time.
If you have a phone that uses QI charging then this is the stand for you. I have nothing but positive things to say about this product. It is fast charging and it allows for charging in portrait and landscape mode. It looks good and is not an eyesore and it does not slide around on my nightstand to much. The one negative that I found is the lack of a wall charger being included in the kit. It comes with a USB micro cord but it requires a wall adaptor. You might notice some issues if you use the wrong wall adaptor (I.e. standard Apple plug) as it is not always producing the correct power output of  2.4amps. I paired mine with my Anker PowerPort II and it works perfectly.
The charger is very sensitive to the USB cord used. For some cords it will charge for a few seconds but then start blinking. The angle of the stand is good for viewing but I wish the base was a little longer and/or heavier. It tends to tip over if I tap the screen too high. The back is not too high; I can access the rear finger print scanner without lifting the phone (S9).
I like that j dont have to plug my phone in I just sit it on the new wireless device
Couldnt ask it to be better. Its perfect.
Charger works perfectly and fits on my desk great. It works super well and changes without issue. I need to buy more of these for around the house in different spots.
I have an Anker power bank, and I knew having an iPhone charger from the same brand wouldn’t let me down.
Works well as a bedside charger for my iPhone X.  I understand the speed is less than USB-C to Lightning but I like that I can just set it down without having to fumble around for the cord or even slide it into the lightning port on some desktop stands. I also sometimes fall asleep to TV on my phone and the fact that I can turn my phone sideways is a nice feature. Very happy with this charger and if you have a spare AC adapter laying around the price really can’t be beat.
* Product exterior – Product packing is bit different from usual blue. But its well packed. I was bit surprised to see product, very nice finish, ivory white with matching charger and wall usb port. * Description of use – Amazing ease of use. No more plugging into wire. Just tested with my Apple 8 and brand new Samsung 9+. Displays it detected fast charging and not usual trickle charge. * Ideal users – For heavy user of phones. Very good quality and makes it easy to read while on charge. Esp when Samsung G9+ has Always-On-Display. * Competitive comparisons – There are similar products, but Anker guarantee no one can beat. Disclaimer: I am independent reviewer and got this product for testing.
Does what it says...
I use this with my iPhone X. Absolutely solid wireless charger. The tolerance on positioning is fairly forgiving. I do wish that the back support was a little bit shorter (or the bottom lip slightly taller), since the Xs vertical camera doesnt quite clear it. This doesnt affect its ability to function, though. I would also have preferred a little more weight at the base as its quite easy to knock over.
When I first got this I thought it was broken. But I realized the case I had on the phone had an extra metal piece on the back in order to be able to attach it to the magnet in the car. I remove that and the charger works great! Very handy so much easier just to set it in the cradle versus trying to get a plug in to charge it.
Love it!
Love this charger, works through a bunch of different case sizes and works everytime I put my phone on it. No issues with it the first six months.
I like that the phone is visible from the charger stand on my desk, the kitchen counter, by my recliner and next to my bed.  I even take one when I travel for the motel. I wish the cord was longer but I just bought a longer cord elsewhere.
This arrived in good order and works as stated, with my iPhone in the case.
I have a pop socket on the back, so its tricky to get it to charge sometimes.  Also, Ive had a few nights where it shows it was charging, but is either very low or dies by morning.
Great angle, fast charger.  Works well with my S9 and an Otterbox Symmetry case.
Anker support is great, helped me get it working just fine.
Great charger. Typical Anker quality (very good).  Easier and better than the Samsung charger
Purchased for my bed-side table to charge my iPhone 8 overnight with the ability to see any notifications that may pop up. Be sure to have the proper power supply on hand because this only worked for me with a 5V 2A (or greater) transformer. I initially had it plugged into my Leviton built-in USB wall plate, and the phone even showed it was charging, but the battery percentage never increased. Im unsure how long it takes to charge since Im sleeping during the process, but it seems like the phone keeps its charge longer with this inductive charging process. Or maybe its just all in my head...
Working very good with face id , good for office use
Dear Anker.. you did it again ! AWESOME.
Works great! Charges fast!
Works...
A trusted component from a trusted mobile power company. However the chin of the charger couldnt keep my 10,800mAh modified LG V20 on the surface and would slide off. So I got a flatbed one and gave this to my cousin and he speaks praises of it for his Galaxy S6. I feel having a rubberized or textured surface on the chin lip would help better for larger or thicker devices.
This charger works like a champ! Great quality and perfect angle for setting my phone on my desk.  I love it!
Great charger for my iPhone X max. I plan to buy a second one for work. Excellent quality that I’ve come to expect from Anker.
Love this charger, it works well
Ive charged different phones on here even with big cases and seems to be pretty good. I like the idea that you can charge in different angles to be able to multitask.
This charger is really great.  Charges decently fast and the stand is sturdy and at a good angle so you can see what messages are coming in.  I first bought this for my office, but I just ordered a second one for home, since its so much better than my other chargers.  It is my first wireless charger, so I cant directly compare it to others, but Im definitely happy with it so far.
I‘m not saying this isnt a good product, but you should consider more about charging speed at 2019. Go buy a 10W wireless charger, not this 5W one.
Works but doesnt fast charge my Samsung. Wouldnt return. Could be nice for bedtime viewing or a charger in the living room for you and guest.
Great wireless charger. Have it in our family room and gets lots of use. Very sturdy and durable as it gets lots of use .
Easy to use. Phone sits well on charger. Lite is minimal; no need to cover the light up at night time
I have three of these, the most used one failed, warrantied with no problem
Perfect
No more fiddling with the charging port.  Now I simply lay my iPhone 8 on this wireless charger when I go to sleep at night.  I use a standard silicone case and it immediately begins charging when on the charger.  I also use an Anker USB power adapter as the 5W Apple adapter that comes with the phone is not sufficient for this charger.  I have become a fan of Anker as I have a couple of their portable chargers and they are outstanding as well.  This wireless charger is well worth the price.  Wish I got it sooner.
Very handy item. I never write Amazon reviews but love this charger/stand. Doesn’t slide or tip. Charges well.
Works well.
Easy set up, just plug it in and putting your phone on it. Exactly what I was looking for.
Nice Wireless Charger! Works Great! I’ve bought 4 already.
I bought 4 different surface chargers. This one works the best. I have problems with others due to my Otter Box case. Not this one. Charges every time. Would buy again.
I love the convenience of wireless (Qi) charging and had been meaning to get another wireless charger to keep near the sofa.  My main one is in the kitchen (and I have one in the car) but we spend so much time in the living room watching TV and playing with kids and/or pets it just made sense, so I was delighted to learn I could get one free from Anker for evaluation.  Thats right -- I got it free, but my review will be fair and honest, especially since I have significant experience with them. What can I say?  It works as it should,  I have a fairly thick case on my Samsung Galaxy S7 and this charger works great through it.  The LED light is not annoyingly bright, which I appreciate, but obvious enough to see that its working.  Charging time is about the same as most Qi chargers.  Nice piece of equipment!
Sure it only charges my iPhone X with 5w instead of 7.5w  - but there are two benefits to this item over the newer (white) model.  (1) there is no fan - if you will have this bedside, who cares if it takes a little longer to charge - this one is silent and (2) as of this writing, this version is about $12 vs $50 for the new one. As with all Anker products that I have purchased, packaging is top notch and the item works exactly as described. Anker - please make a white version of this one!
Within 2 months, whenever I hooked it up the blue light just kept blinking on and off, not charging. I was able to get a replacement product and now this one is working just fine, I was happy to be able to resolve with the seller.
Sent me a replacement and it works perfectly. Thanks
This charger is much smaller than I thought it would be, its just a smudge thinner on the sides than the iPhone X but, the it is about an inch shorter that the X from the top. Its made out of plastic and feels thin and hallow however, the plastic dosent seem too cheap but it would have been nice if the charger could feel more solid. The blue light on the bottom is not very bright. Great working charger, wish it felt more robust, 10$ to 15$ seems like a more fair price than $20.
As others have said, the USB cord is short. I needed to purchase a longer Anker-brand USB cord because the spare micro-USB cords I have didn’t work with the charger. Once I figured that out, it works fine (iPhone 8 plus in Otterbox Defender case).
Exactly what I wanted for wireless charging.  Good product.  Thanks!
I love Anker, I own cables, chargers, Bluetooth speaker of Anker. Best customer service. Hard to find a better company and product. Nothing is perfect, no product is immune from issues. Anker knows this. They stand behind their top knotch products with top knotch service! Keep doing your thing Anker - you guys do it well! 5x2. 10 starts!!
This wireless charger works so well!!! I love it so much! I plan to buy more in the future! It charges my phone (samsung galaxy s9+) VERY fast! Being the clumsy person I am, Ive already dropped it MANY TIMES, however this charger is very DURABLE!! I definitely recommend this product!
Worked fine right out of the box but quit working after six months.  Update...Anker customer service contacted me within a couple of days after this review and offered a couple of quick solutions that did not work.  Once that did not work they sent another charger to me free of charge.  I give customer service 5 stars and the product as well if this one continues to work.
Works great with iPhone 8+, even when the phone is in a dual-layer kickstand case!
It works very well and it is so handy! We dont need to look for the wire charger anymore and we can charge Apple and Android phones at the same time.
customer service sent me this one after seeing that i did not like another model that i previously purchased. so far this is working a lot better for me. i like so much that ill probably order some for my other family members. i actually didnt expect anker to reach out to me when i left the other review and i was a bit surprised. so glad i gave this another try.
This works. Keep in mind, you need a charger.
Convience, slick, and it works great.
Easy to use
Perfect
I now have 2 of these, one on each nightstand for my wife and I to use with our Galaxy s7 Edges, and they work flawlessly. We had to get a new case for my wifes phone, oddly the painted thin cover blocked it. I have a heavy Unicorn Beetle cover, and it charges just fine, so your mileage may vary. It also seems to charge fast as well -not quite as fast as a fast charger, but definitely faster than a basic generic charger. We have no problems with it tipping over, but then we dont have the need to pitch our phones at a charger like Joe Cool either. Again, YMMV. If you found my review helpful, please click "Yes" below.
Works perfectly with my iPhone X. Very convenient.
I purchased the stand and the pad. Some observations... The stand is great and the phone looks good while charging. It doesnt have any sort of grip on the charging surface so if you have a slick case beware. The pad does have grip on the charging surface but then the screen isnt displayed like it is on the stand. All of this being said I like both options. I have the pad on my bed side table and the stand on my desk. They both charge perfectly and the charging speed is good too. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.
Everything nice appart from the size of the usb cable, it’s quite short. You can replace it with another cable if you want, it is not embedded.
For some reason does not change the Nexus 7 device, works well with the iPhone. Otherwise, this is a great Qi Wireless charging stand, made by Anker. The vertical design is simple and made of quality craftsmanship. The slightly tilted vertical device sits flushed on a table surface, made out of matte plastic, enables the phone to charge wirelessly in both vertical and horizontal orientation. The fact that the device is embedded with two Qi Charging coils ensures that the device will charge in any orientation. A faint blue light is visible when the device is actively charging and is not intrusive, enabling one to easily visualize charging status. Works flawlessly with the iPhone using a silicone case. The charging time is fairly quick but be aware will likely not be as fast as charging with a connected wire. The output of the device is 1AMP. The charging positions are not finicky as with some other charging pads.  Had this device for some time now and it does not disappoint. Overall a solid solution to wireless charging. Recommended.
Works great and works exceptionally well with any case. I’ve used it with thickest otter box and with thin cases alike. Always charges and never faults or shows an error.
Got this for my desk at work. Holds the phone in two directions while charging. Works grwat as is expected with Anker products which we own tons.
I have many Anker products and Im happy with all of them but I rarely feel the need to review them.  Included in my Anker line up is: 2x of these wireless chargers, some Powerline + and Powerline +II (11 cables of all lengths and types (USB-C, Lightning, Micro USB, etc), 2x 20,000mah batteries (quick charge and standard), 26,800mah battery, 13,000mah battery, 3x 7,600mah batteries, Slim + earbuds, Powercore Fusion 5,000mah charger, 2x Quick charge 5 port chargers, 2x LC130 Flashlights, Eufy Starlit String Lights, 2x 24w car chargers, and Im sure there are more Ive forgotten about plus my employer uses Anker chargers for the 350 or so iPhones deployed. This is the product I feel deserves a review the most.  Ive had a couple other wireless chargers and none of them would charge my iPhone 8+ without taking the Otterbox off and even then they were unreliable and generated a lot of heat.  Most of the time I had to have the phone in just the right spot to charge. Not a single one, regardless of price (2-3x the Anker unit cost) worked well with my setup. With this Anker charger I sit the phone on it without much thought and it always charges and it charges quicker than I remember 5w charging this phone.  No noticeable heat, doesnt have to be placed perfectly, and it works every time through my slightly thicker than average case. The angle is perfect for watching movies while falling asleep though most use about the same angle.  I liked my first one enough that I bought a second one for the office.  And just in case anyone is wondering, I stupidly paid for all of these Anker products out of pocket (after seeing how many received free products for evaluation, most at full price except for the occasional sale so no one paid me for the review.  Next in line might be their new quick wireless charger but that will be quite a ways away.
Sits in front of dual monitors- can look at it for facial recognition. Great Anker quality
Thank you, great product.
This is great and works perfectly. The angle of the device keeps it in clear view on most desks. It’s also stable enough to put the phone on it quickly without worrying about the thing toppling over. Great work Anker!
I love this charger so much I just bought a second one to keep on my desk (my other is on the living room end table). I use this for my iPhone X and really like it because it sits at a great upright angle so i can unlock my phone with my face and preview messages without having to hold it. My friends also use it when they come over with their various samsung phones and iPhone 8.
I use the charger on my desk at work. Keeps my phone topped off throughout the day. I really like the upright position and the fact that it will charge my phone in both upright and sideways positions.
Great product and great seller. Received item exactly as promised :)
Perfect charger for my iPhone, sleek and easy to use. Charges my iPhone quickly while keeping it in full display.
I’ve been using this wireless charger since purchasing an iPhone XS Max a few weeks ago. It charges the phone quickly and it’s convenient because you don’t have to worry about charging cables.
I use it everyday.  My phone stays charged all day!
Works as described. Fast charging and very slick design. Love it. Bought both models, cant see the difference is charging speed.
Good product for the price. Very good quality as well.
I purchased a pair of these this past summer, and gave one to my teenage son and kept the other for myself. Its been my daily driver as far as phone charging goes, as its simply too easy NOT to use.  Set and forget. I did have an issue with my charger but was able to very quickly resolve the issue with the Anker customer support staff.  The warranty process was actually extremely simple and was resolved very quickly. Im already a fanboy of the brand.  The replacement of a bad part with essentially no hassle - thats priceless advertisement as far as Im concerned. If you want a fast charger, this isnt it.  That said, want a good charger for a reasonable price?  This is your guy.
This charger is perfect. Charges even with a cover on my phone. I just set my phone in it every night and it is fully charged in the morning.
I love this wireless charger! Ive been using it for a few months now. It worked great with my S8+ and also works just as well with my Note 9. It fast charges my phone just about as fast as it being plugged in.
Another quality anker product.
This is the QI charger I use at my office. My work is split between sitting at my computer and frequently leaving my desk for various tasks. Having the phone upright makes it easy to read messages, but the angle isn’t high enough to trigger FaceID. You’ll need a 10W USB port in order to use this at its full charging speed, even though it’s 5W QI wireless.
Requested as a birthday present for a family member. It was exactly as he had hoped for.
So far working as expected. No complaints.
Love it charges pretty quick and works wit case
Anker never fails to impress. I bough one for my desk at work, so I could toss my iPhone Xs into it throughout the day to get a charge. After using it for two days, I knew I needed one for home too! I love the little blue indicator that shows when its charging. Its subtle and a great touch. I have one of these on my nightstand, and the light is in no way too bright. Its just right. I also use this with a Spigen Liquid Armor case and the wireless charging works flawlessly!
I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 5 with a speck case and this charger works great. I just plug it in lay the phone in the cradle and it charges. Bought one for home and for work. The light at the bottom is not bright like the others so its ok for use on a nightstand.
I’ve been using this charger for several months for my IPhone 8 and my wife has one for her iPhone 10. It’s been great so far. Keeps the phones charged and easily accessible on our nightstands.
Good
Works great, arrived when expected. Compared to other wireless charges the lip at the base of the charger is a little shallower but ive had no issues keeping the phone on the charger.
The charger is durable and charges the cell phone quickly.
This thing is Awesome. It works just the way you think it should. Put your phone on the stand and it charges. No overheating, no wires, no problems. I already had a wall plug to USB converter. This product comes without one. I have an LG G6 and charger connectors frequently wore out. Problem solved.
Normally when you purchase a product you expect it to work.  I’ve purchased a number of Anker products and for the first time, after several months of use, this stand stopped working.  I contacted customer service answered a few questions and within a week had a replacement product.  This customer service has me even more sold on this brand and wouldn’t hesitate to make them first choice. By the way I own two of these stands, one for home and one for work, and they work great for both vertical charging and horizontal charging, even with an Otter Box commuter case attached.
love it works great
This wireless battery charger is perfect for my new Galaxy s9 plus. It is crafted very nice and will last forever. I love that my phone can be horizontal or vertical while charging too. I highly recommend anyone with a phone capable of wireless charging gets one!
didnt like using the charging wire,because sometimes it and sometimes it did not. just put my phone on the stand and tells me the state of charge it has ,and walk away and come back theirs your 100% charge
I like this much better than the flat chargers because I can see my alerts while I am working. Does not charge as fast as a lightning port but nothing will until they allow iPhones to quick charge.
PLEASE READ TO THE END. I purchased this unit and it was working great and then about 6 months later it just quit working. I sent an email to Anker and they did some trouble shooting with me but to no avail. They promptly sent me a replacement and did not want the broken one back. Knowing that there are dishonest people out there who just want to get things for free I am glad that the people at Anker still give people the benefit of the doubt. This is the kind of customer service that makes me continue to buy Anker products. EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!
Ordered (2), (1)  worked, (1) didn’t. The one that works charges well, but if the phone rings or alarm goes off it falls off. Might be better if there was a small lip in the base to keep phone in place. UPDATE: Nov 2018 Anker customer service contacted me directly after seeing this review and asked if they could send me their new version of this charger, which they did. The new charger arrives and is great, highly recommend this product. Aside from this product, I highly recommend Anker as a company. I CANNOT believe THEY reached out to me to replace the unit. Amazing customer service!! Thank you again Anker!!
There were quite a few iffy reviews about this product on here that I was initially hesitant to purchase it. I’m glad I did. I actually bought two of them (one for beside my bed and one for my office). They work great. No overheating problems and they charge well. Also, no annoying bright LED lights to bother you while you sleep. Great product!
iPh X with a Silk wallet case w 3 credit cards charges easily in either their vertor horizontal mode. Plug it in, it works. Non-slip base I’d easily buy this again.
1/5 times won’t start charging, over all it’s a great product, doesn’t overheat, looks like and feels like $20-30. For sure it’s not a fancy version.
Works perfectly.
I bought this item as it was on Amazon deals and thought I would try for the cheap price. This works better than the other two wireless chargers I purchased for twice the money.
My Phone: iPhone 8 with Apple silicon case. Works as intended. I appreciate that I all I have to do to charge my phone is place it on this wireless charger, dont have to worry about connecting a lightning cable to it. It is as simple as a grab and go. Power for this charger is supplied by my Anker 6-port USB charging hub; any one of the six ports is adequate to charge my phone. It even works with my coworkers iPhone X, and one with a Galaxy S9. This item was also delivered to my address in Hawaii within just days of placing my order. My coworker who owned the Galaxy S9 actually bought one for herself.
Love it no wires.
I like this but I dont like that it has that green light on the front of it that stays on while its charging. Dont like any lights on in the bedroom at night. Easily cover up with tape.
muy buen producto
Very nice on my desk at work! Best thing I’ve bougjt in a while.
Very pleased.  Works exactly as promised. Purchased as a replacement for a like item that I was unhappy with because of the exceptionally large pilot light it had.  I keep the charger on my night stand and the light was too bright. This item has a very small light and it doesn’t light up the dark room when I’m trying to sleep.
Charges the iPhone 8 Plus super fast, charger also looks sleek on the desk and it a nice iPhone holder
My husband and I have one of each side of our bed. Has made charging my phone easy!
Love this wireless charger. Charges my iPhone 8+ fairly quick. It sits next to my chair in the living room for easy access. Never had a problem with any Anker product.
So far, so good.  It could have had a heavier base because when you’re trying to put the phone it, it moves around and you have to be careful because it’s easy to turn over.  Also, the back slants a little to far back.  I’ve been other models that have a heavier base and the back sits more upright.  I’m hoping for a long product life.
I saved money by not buying the bundle deal they had going so keep that in mind. I love how it is a stand that is perfect for my phone so I can watch stuff while it charges it works on all Qi compatible devices. Does not work with a magnetic case like I had so I switched to a different case that’s fairly thick and still manages to charge my device. As someone always up and down I listen to YouTube while I’m either using the bathroom or showering I am always picking up my phone so it saves the hastle of needing a cord.
I have an iPhoneXS with a Incipio Case and this wireless charger works perfect.
Makes charging a snap ,foolproof No constantly dealing with cords love it
Awesome product. Easy to use & very practical. Bought it for my son to charge his phone but unfortunately his phone (LG) was not compatible with this charger. I did try this item with my phone (Samsung) & it worked just fine.
This charger works great.  My only complaint is that it didn’t come with a plug and the cable is pretty short.  I had an extra plug and longer micro USB cable so it was fine.  But you should know it doesn’t come with those.
Works like its supposed to
No issues, works as advertised and I would buy this again. Got one for my office and one for my bedroom.
Gave as a gift! No need to plug in cellphone to charge
Works great iPhone 8 -- love that I can keep the phone mounted and use FaceTime or speaker to make and answer calls. It is always charging.
Had it for about 5-6 months and is still holding up well. Good quality for the money would definitely buy again
This is a GREAT product! Charges quickly, turns on only when you place the phone vertically or horizontally. Unfortunately I had to return the charger.  The Lifeproof quickmount attached to my phone case prevented the phone from charging in its case.  This is a great product that’s easy to use, makes charging your capable phone incredibly convenient, and I highly recommend It.  My case and quick now are brand new so I am not ready to discard the case yet but when I am ready to get a new case I will have something different and will be purchasing this again
I think I put waaay to much effort into making this purchase, read too many reviews and waiting to many days to make a simple purchase. BUY this charger. It works as advertised. Charges horizontal and vertical and Ive never had to re position it!
I am using this charger with a Samsung GS9+ with a medium-thickness protective case, and it works perfectly!  This is my first phone that is capable of wireless charging, and honestly I was prepared for it to be much slower than it actually is.  Going from around 50% to fully charged takes somewhere around 90-120 minutes.  At my job, Im at my desk maybe 50% of the time, so this charger is great for keeping my phone fully topped off all day long. I have not noticed it getting more than maybe slightly warm to the touch, which is also a big plus, since heat is the enemy of any battery. I also like the fact that its got a blue LED to indicate charging, but its dim enough to be completely unobtrusive in normal lighting. The only two things I can fault this charger with are that it doesnt come with a wall plug, and that it could have a little more weight in the base for stability.  But to the first point, by now who doesnt have a million USB cables and random wall adapters laying around?  And for the low price of the charger, an extra couple bucks for the adapter is hardly worth dinging a star.  To the second point, despite the light weight its perfectly stable on my desk, even with a larger phone--so despite the fact that extra weight would be nice, it doesnt affect functionality, so again no need to ding a start.
I got this Stand alone charger about a week ago an my iphone x would not charge over 88% after 9 hours of charging so i emailed the company an they sent me a new one in a couple of days that works great, my iphone x 100% charge now i cant say enough how great i feel about this company working hard to make a customer feel satisfied. great job will buy again from them.
I love this charger. No cords! I was on the fence about buying this since I’m traditional and prefer cords. But Anker is a dependable brand I have used in the past years so I decided to make that leap. I love it!  I did not give 5 stars because the charger is expensive.  But in the end I am a happy user.
Great charger so far
Another great Anker product.  Works great.  Loved it enough to purchase more of them.
UPDATE 8/3/2018: Anker support stepped up and sought to help resolve the computer issue.  I cant possibly say enough for their willingness to make this right; Ankers customer service is like none I have ever seen!  The charger is great and I needed a new computer anyway. Buyer beware: I plugged this into a USB3.0 port on my computer and fried the motherboard... you know, coz it doesnt ship with a brick.  Not only was this frustrating, it made for a very painful (and expensive) week at work. The instructions are basic, nowhere does it state not to plug into a computer; however, it does state that it has overvoltage protection (although this was definitely a load issue). 4 stars for being a good Qi-certified stand - wish it had more grip to the face, but -2 for killing my computer.
they work great!
First time using this,so far so good... Ill update my review after a little use..
It works.
Great way to charge my iPhone X on my desk and have it visible to see incoming alerts.
Update***** going to go from 3 to 4 star. Only because anker has great customer service and they care if we are happy with the product. They provided replacement and so far so good.
This was slightly more expensive (by like a dollar or two) than a similar model, but when I saw that this was Anker, I decided to go for it.  Their products are consistently impressive and this one is no exception. It works great with my LG V30 and with the case on no less.
Chargers perfect with case on or off
perfect charging solution for Note 8 or S8
Works great. Charges pretty slowly compared to a plug in charger but much easier to use.
Great quality I love anker products
I like this one. Doesn’t get hot. Angle is good. Quality appears top notch. iPhone charges pretty fast with this wireless charger.
Everything good Im gonna say about this is already in the reviews. So, half a star goes for not having a rubber back to prevent the phone from sliding, which happens a lot. another half a star goes for how slow it is.. wouldve much loved it if it was faster..
Good charging cradle. Ive had this unit for a few weeks and it works great.
great quality
STORY HERE - Lesson Learned - I buy a lot of ANKER products and I am rarely let down. The products AND customer support is FANTASTIC - So here is my story - I bought this for my iPhone X and it was working perfectly UNTIL one night I placed the phone on it and the light blinked but no charge - tried replacing the cord and plugging it into an outlet I have with USB port - NO GO - I emailed support and after some more trouble shooting  they sent a new one - It got to the house in 4 days +-- and @$%# didnt work - so that leads back to - gotta be the phone - right? - YEP - I had done an update the night before it failed and even being an IT guy just didnt put 2 and 2 together. I emailed support and explained I had to reset the phone and all was good - I wanted to buy the one they sent me so I could have two - They said keep it - Great customer support team - Id happily have paid for it - I love their cables and MAC PRO adapters - Never let down yet
Anker customer service is awesome I had a small problem and they went above expectations to make it right. I am very happy with this product its top of the line like you expect from Anker but I am even more impressed with their customer service team. They stand behind there products. If you purchase from Anker you can count on it to be an exceptional product or they will make it right. I give them a 5 star rating and highly recommend their products.
My first dock died after a day, but the customer support team sent me a replacement that has been working great since!  I really like the angle of the dock, and it works great with my S8+ with the Spigen Tough Armor case.
This works great with my Samsung Note 8.  I have a thick Otter Box Rubber case and it charges right through it without any hesitation.
Great item.  My phone in its battery case fits perfectly. The wireless charging is great.  My phone does not overheat and stands up while charging which is nice to make is accessible during charging to read a text or see an incoming call if necessary.  I wish it came with a power plug but I used my phones charging plug instead.
I’m using this to charge an iPhone 8 Plus in an Anker case. It reliably brings the device to 100%. Wireless charging — very convenient to place and remove. My phone charges vertically or horizontally on this device.
Use this bad boy at work for my work iPhone 8 and it performs like a dream. I just put it on the cradle when I come in first thing in the morning and take it off when I leave work. I never charge my phone at home now, I wish my personal iPhone 7 could utilize this and I would instantly buy another!
Works great with my Note 8 and S7 edge though a Otterbox defender case and only draws 1.7amps.  I now have 2 of these chargers.
great charger
Way better than the Apple dock (non-wireless). The angle is perfect for my desk, the phone starts charging immediately, and seems to charge reasonably quickly (I have an old iPod charger providing the juice).
Great product. Simple to use. Functions as designed and advertised.
I’ve had this item for a little over a month and it’s already stopped working. Update: Anker reached out to me and sent me a replacement and it is working wonderfully.
This device is great! I set my phone on it while working and leave with it fully charged. Not a single issue with it in almost a year!
Great product easy and reliable best purchase I made on a charger.
Works very well.
This is a great and affordable charger, it does everything the more expensive ones do for a quarter of the price. Anker also has a fast charger for a few dollars more, which is probably the better buy right now. However, this one is fantastic so far. Overall, I’ve been impressed with Anker products as a whole. I only have a few (portable speakers, portable batteries, and chargers) but each one has been quality and lasted. I’ve been specifically seeking them out lately for affordable/quality electronics.
Works perfectly even with a case on my phone.
My grandparents had one from another well-known brand and I thought about getting one; however, $40+ seemed a little too much. I shopped around more and found this. This was half the price and from a well-known and reliable company...from my experience anyway lol. This also charged phone while the casing was on! The other well-known brand couldnt do that :)
So EXCItED about this charger!! Who thought they would say that!? I put it on my desk in my home office and it is nice to have it propped up and charging as I work at my computer. The best is that it charges through some really thick cases! I had a clear silicone one it charge through (figured it would) and then my thicker one with a kickstand in the back it still charges great! Since the kickstand sticks out a bit on the back of the bottom (the surface isn’t completely flat) I thought maybe there would be an issue...but none at all!
Does its job but make sure your phone is on it, Ive been using for 3 months and no complaints so far.
I use this with my XS and it functions flawlessly.
Item works well good price
Great for what it is
Easy drop on wireless charging, so much easier than other wireless charging pads.
OMG I love this WIRELESS charger! So stress free! It even charges with the phone upside down! And I love how it props the phone up for watching shows and face-timing!
Works as advertised
I bought this charger for the bedside table, so there was no need for it to be super fast.  A slower charge might mean a lower temperature charge, and there is no problem with speed nor heat when a 10 watt charging block is used.  The debated blue charging light is not bright enough to bother me at night.  It does not seem to turn off with the iPhone 10, which is fine.
Love to be able to set my phone down and have it charge without worrying about plugging it up.
Works amazing, tried it horizontal and vertical. Best brand ever.
Cool charger
Works well! and Anker has great customer service! I had an issue where I thought the unit was not working, and they were all over it! It turned out it was the charger block...so thank you to them for the help and its so nice to have a wireless charger!
Anker makes good quality products.  This device makes charging my iPhone X a snap.  Works and looks great sitting on my nightstand.
UPDATE - Anker is sending me a replacement. Excellent customer service! Well, it lights up blue when I put the phone on it but...it isnt charging. Sending it back. Admittedly this is my first Anker dud. Been pretty happy with other things Ive bought from them.
Looks amazing, works perfect out of the box in landscape or portrait modes.  I would recommend this charger.
I have purchased Anker products in the past and they never disappoint. I use them daily as my charger for my iPhone X and it works perfect all the time. The packaging is always superb and easy to open and inside it includes the Wireless charger and the micro-USB to USB cable. They do not come with the brick/AC adapter to plug it to the wall so make sure you have an AC adapter that has port of at least 2.1A otherwise it will charge slowly. (I use 2.4A AC adapter which charges quick enough, not quick charge). After setting up, you place your phone against the stand of the charger and a steady blue circle light will indicate charging. Overall, cheap and great wireless charger from Anker.
Works great but usb cord is loose on back. Changing rating to 5 star because company contacted me and offered to send a new one!
Works great with iPhone 8 Plus with a case.  Will be purchasing another one.  Well worth the price.
Really like the stand up style (I also have a flat/circular one). Charges well. No problems. It’s kept on. It’s placed on a nightstand.
Works well for Samsung S9, in either horizontal or vertical position. Anker makes quality power support.
Great product
It works as expected.  What more do you need.
WORKS VERY WELL WOULD BUY AGAIN
Great Anker Product as always, solidly built and completely stable. Only concern may be portability. Some other products are able to come apart or fold the "stand" section, this one cannot. It is one piece roughly the shape of a number "7" and therefore can be awkward for transport but for home and office use it is great.
Never have to worry if I am off center. Just set it in the charger and it works flawlessly, even through my case (Spigen Tough Armor for S9)
Works great. Not quite as fast as the Samsung version, but close.
Tuve problemas con el primero que me llegó, pero como siempre todos los productos anker son de calidad y ahora tengo un buen cargador para mi iPhone
Works great but you have to put your phone on just right or it wont charge your phone.  It also charges slower than my Anker fast charging wall charger
Works perfectly for an S8 in a case. Not quick charging, but still works well.
This charger exceeded my expectations!  It looks good, charges my iPhone 8 rather quickly and has caused me no problems nor regrets.  Buy with confidence.
Works well
good for reading if you are seated, not when you are lying on your side in bed. wrong angle...
Works great with my Unicorn Beetle case and my Samsung S8 Plus as long as I use the included cable.  Using my old Samsung charger with the old cable gave a flashing blue light and no charge but replacing the old cable with the included one using the Samsung charger works fine.  No clue what the issue with the cable is.
Love Anker but this charger worked once for an hour and then stopped. I have tried different plugs and phones but no go. Update: Vendor responded quickly to resolve the matter.
As all the Anker products, just perfect.
Received one unit DOA. I contacted Anker and switch it out for a new one. The new one works perfectly and is great to have in the office or at home. I plan on buying more of these to keep in my kitchen and bedroom!
I have numerous Anker products.  This is one of the best.  Ive tried other proximity charges but this one works without issue on my S8 (and iPhone 8/X).  Note to those with problems.... be sure to have the right wall charger with enough output (5V 2A - Anker has those too).
Good
Love it. So much easier than hunting for the chord. I just plop it onto its cute little stand and its good to go.
Easy to use, works great!
Anker you havent failed me yet. So coworker and I got the s9+. We were then looking online to have a wireless charger for work. He bought an off brand similar in price and I later bought this one. His failed after 1hr and Im still using mine ever since. I am very happy with the product. Its still working and charges quickly. It is a little weird because other wireless chargers will show up on my phone as "fast wireless charging" and this charger only says "wireless charging" but, the charge timers are the same. I knew anker was top brand when it came to chargers so I figured they would be best bet. I was right.
Does what it says on the tin. Wirelessly charges stuff. Works pretty well instantly, and the light on the bottom chin is easy enough to cover with electrical tape if it is too bright for your bedroom. To that end, maybe having options for different coloured LEDs would be awesome; I personally find red easier on the eyes at night-time
I LOVE the Anker Wireless 5 charging stand. But I HATE the short 3’ micro USB charging cord that came with it! A 5’ cord should be standard!!
Works great! Very satisfied! Compatible with my IPhone X
I did have an issue with the original charger stand after a period of time and contacted Anker. I received the new charger and so far is working perfect. Anker has outstanding customer service and stands by your products. I greatly appreciate your assistance with my issue!
after going through about 5 dif wireless chargers i think i have one that i like . i gave it a 4 star because it dont have a charged light it just shows blue for charge connection
Charge speed comparable to Samsung fast charge stand. It only loses 10 minutes or so of charge time compared to fast charging through usb. works fine with my Galaxy S7 with a case in either orientation.
Love every Anker product I’ve ever owned and this is no exception! I use a pop socket in addition to my case and while it’s not marketed to be able to charge with it on, if I position it just right, it will work. Just gotta choose your case wisely. Very convenient and the price can’t be beat!
I love this wireless charging stand! Works well on my nightstand and charges at a decent speed. Not as fast as your regular cord charger but it’s a whole new experience!
Not the best fit for the XS Max. Height needs to be increased by a few centimeters.
I bought this thinking it came with an AC adapter but it doesnt and as going to dock a star but after looking back at the listing it clearly says NO AC adapter so thats totally my fault and its as listed. BUT it does seem to be made well (I trust Anker and own a portable battery of theirs and my parents have other products of theirs) and the cord is a decent length (its about 3 feet and reaches my nightstand from my old AC adapter just fine) Ive never had a wireless charger before but it seems great to me! Can also confirm it will charge a phone vertically or horizontally.
I love this phone charger. I can just set my phone on it and it charges. I use it on my desk at work. Its the perfect angle so that I can just look at it when I get a notification, and my iPhone (with face-ID) unlocks and shows me the notification. The convenience definitely justified the price for me.
Exactly what I wanted, it’s perfect. Works great with my iPhone 8 Plus and with an otter box case around it. Wished the cord was a tad longer, but other than that I have no negative comments on this product. Highly recommended.
Very cool. Something to consider: it does not come with a power brick. I enjoy using it daily
Chargess better than opernee
I put my Note 9 in a Zizo Compatible Bolt Series and it works horizontal and verticle.  Charges quickly and is a good stand to view on nightstand
Works as advertised.
This is a good charger. I would’ve preferred a complete kit and even with a longer and thicker power cord that Anker is known for but hey I impulsed. It’s good if you’re putting your phone down to charge overnight but if you needed it to charge faster then just plug it straight. I am using it with a 12 watt apple brick. Hopefully I faster charging unit will be available soon. T
Works great. Stays plugged in. Very easy to navigate and the light lets me know it’s charging. Charges fast, no issues.
I’ve been using it and not have one problem and useful for my iPhone 8+ and charges fast. Has grip for my phone and plastic phone case that I don’t have to take off
Nice wireless charger smaller than expected but I have a big phone sooo yeah
Works well with my new iPhone. I like that the blue light comes on to let you know its charging.  I keep it on my nightstand and in the morning my phone is charged. What more can you ask for?
nice
Update 12/8 Anker sent me a replacement that works flawlessly. Original Review ~ Randomly will not charge my XS Max or stops charging in the middle of the night which is fun to discover the next day. The only fix is to unplug and replug in to a different outlet. Very weird behavior. Would look at another charger if I could do it over again.
I set this up at my desk at work. Stylish enough to blend in with the other monitors and electronics in the area. I like the angle the phone sits at. Charges the same speed as all my other wireless chargers.
Excellent... so glad we bought them!!!!
So good I bought another one
I received a defective product, but Im giving it 5 stars. Unfortunately I received a unit that stopped working. But Im giving it 5 stars because their customer service was very helpful. They shipped me a brand new unit without the need to return the product defective product.
Does the job
I keep one my desk at work.  I can easily see notification and charge status at a glance.  Its also nice that I dont wear out my USB port.
This charging stand works great and I had no issues charging both an iPhone 8 and a Galaxy S8 with cases. I like that this charger is rectangular as opposed to circular as the circular ones take a bit more positioning to ensure the charging starts.  With this one it’s easy to place on the stand and it always starts charging without adjusting. I use this stand in the kitchen where I sometimes need to watch a cooking video and the stand works great to keep it propped up in landscape mode as well as charge at the same time.
The product works as expected, and it is definitely durable and it feels like a really high quality material.
Finally got rid of wires and just place my mobilephone on the stand!
What can I say? It charges my iPhone X quickly and allows me to plug in the headphones/mic.
Not as fast as the cable
Good design
This is a great product and customer service to match. I ordered the product and was going to use it to charge my iphone X. I plugged it in and tried to charge the phone and the phone didnt charge. I reached out to Anker via Amazon and they had me check a few things and determined I need a new one and sent a new one out at no charge. They were very fast in resolving the issue. Great product, Great customer support.
Extremely pleased with this wireless charger. Perfect for the night stand & dows charge (quickly) through my case.
Very simple yet highly useful charger.
They work really well, but I dont recommend them for your nightstand. When I am trying to charge it at night, I prefer a different product that looks more like a drink coaster.
Found this in Wirecutters review of Qi chargers.  They listed it as an "Also great" product, dinging it for not including an AC adapter while noting its relatively low price.  Since I have several spare AC adapters, this makes good use of them rather than producing more e-waste.  Its not a "fast charger" (7.5W for iPhones, 10W for Samsung) but I prefer not heating up my phone unnecessarily, and it seems to charge fast enough anyway. Ive been using it for about 2 weeks, and the one thing I wish it had was either a non-slip surface or some other design feature to prevent the phone from slipping sideways. In our house, we also have the which looks nice, works well, and converts from a stand to a pad.  But it costs a lot more than the Anker.
Anker always comes through. Loving this charger...
Works so well! I feel like it charges my iPhone 8 plus faster than the charger my phone came with. Would definitely recommend!
Doesnt fast-charge, but works plenty fine overnight on my nightstand.
Works perfectly, at half the cost of my other wireless charger.
Very good for iPhone X at work desk, perfect angle for Face ID unlock. Plastic is VERY slippery, had to add couple of mini rubber nubs so the phone doesnt get bumped off quite as easily. Charges when phone is vertical or horizontal.
Works flawless with iPhone 8 plus with Lifeproof Fre case.
How do I love thee, Anker? Let me count the ways. I cannot recall when I first became acquainted with Anker products, but its been a love affair ever since. Cables, charges, BT audio adapters (auto) – just to name a few of the products that I have come to depend on from a brand that I trust. The PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand is no exception to the rule here – its sleek, attractive, low-profile ... Oh, and it charges your iPhone like butter. Like Linda Richman "butter". Like "her legs are like butter". But, Im talking about a small piece of plastic and charging technology ... And, Im getting a little bit verklempt. Ill give you a wonderful topic to discuss. "Duran Duran is neither a Duran nor a Duran. Discuss." I digress. A note about Anker customer service: I purchased two PowerPort Wireless 5 Stands at the same time and had a problem with one of them. I contacted Anker customer service and within 24 hours had a new unit shipped out to me – no muss, no fuss. The customer service team followed up to ensure I received the package, to ensure that it was working correctly and to ensure that I remained a happy customer. (Yes, yes and YES!) I wish everything was this easy and everyone was so friendly.
It is a perfect charger for the desk
This product does exactly what I hoped for easily. The base is the perfect angle for setting up and viewing if youre working at your desk but need a charge. It does come with a cable but no block to plug in. I am running a standard iPhone charging block so im unsure if there is any fast charging. A full charge does take some time, but its nothing I was too worried about in the first place.
This Anker wireless charging stand arrived neatly packaged (as usual). I bought the Anker PowerPort II dual charger AC adapter at the same time.  The stand/charger combination was quick and easy to assemble and worked right out of the packages.  The charging stand isnt too picky about the position of my iPhone 8 on the stand, vertical or horizontal, for charging.  It charges through my OtterBox Symmetry phone case without a problem. It seems to charge a little slower than using a standard wired charger, but I may be wrong. My only disappointment with the charging stand was that it only came with a 3 foot cord which really limits where you can place it.  I would like at least a 4 or 5 foot cord for more placement flexibility.  If you need a slightly longer cord you are going to have to pay another $6 or so. Ive already recommended this Anker charging stand to friends and will buy another Anker wireless charging pad combo to keep at the office.  Ive been very pleased with the Anker brand products Ive purchased in the past, and it is the first brand I consider for my accessory needs.
I ordered the hockey puck style Qi charger from Anker and my iPhone kept sliding off. I reached out to Anker and they sent me this as a replacement. This one is WAAAAAAAAAY better than the hockey puck one. Plus, they replaced it super quick. Buy it not just because it’s cool, but because their warranty is legit.
I bought this for my office at work and works great everyday. It works as stand too so I can view while being charged. Little blue light indicator at the bottom lets me know its being charged is convenient. My phone has case so I though it may not charge well but I was wrong. Very happy with the purchase.
does not charge the iPhone X as fast as the lightening cable but it works great and easier if you dont need fast charging. update: everything seems fine except we I noticed that the charging is really slow even slower than the small Apple 5V 1A wall adapter.
Only problem with this Anker Qi-Certified Wireless Charger is that I did not buy it sooner. It works perfectly. It has a light blue light to show its charging. I have never been disappointed with an Anker Product. Need a charger, buy this one!
Like it a lot, good job.
Love Anker products
I go to a mot of meetings at work, being able to set my phone on the charger and have it mostly charged when I leave work is great.
This product works very well for me. I have used 2 different cases on my phone and it charged through both of them. The phone pretty secure and  stable on my night stand. I have always had good success with Anker products.
Really awesome product, good quality and charges my note 8 super fast and Im using a Defender Otterbox cover.
Very quick to charge and very easy to use. No need to purchase fast charger it works great on iPhone XS Max with regular one and charges as quick as you’ll get.
I love this charger. Perfect accessory for my desk. Keeps my phone charged all day.
Great look, rather stylish and works well enough with my iPhoneX. Charge rate is slightly better than my old wireless charger, still far slower than the normal wall charger that comes with phone (as expected). Best to charge on this device if not planning to use phone for awhile, for example if sleeping/at work.  Can plug USB cord directly into computer or other USB compatible devices.  ** Only issue is it doesnt come with a wall outlet plug.** luckily I had a spare that wasnt being used.
I had a Mophie Qi wireless charging pad It was OK but now I got this anchor stand I like it even better is very easy to operate and very McKenzie to use I like the fact that you can turn it on the side and charge it while it’s a perfect playing a video nice to look at when you wake up after sleeping overall very good product I would recommend it to anybody
This is a great addition to my iPhone XR. I almost never use the charging cable anymore. I like that the blue light on the charger lights to tell me it is charging. It is dim enough to be usable on my night stand. But bright enough to see during the day, I’ll liked it enough to buy another one for my desk. Some wireless chargers make a buzz noise, this one is totally quiet.
In the age where most phones have wireless charging, everyone must have one of these. Either at your office or bedside. If you use it bedside, because of the standing feature it can easily replace your traditional "alarm clock". In the office is great to just be able to glance at your phone if you get a notification and not need to pick it up and get distracted by other stuff.
Works well charging my iPhone XS
Much cheaper & better quality than @ppl, charges my iPhone with no problem’s!
Perfect!! Doesn’t make any noise. No going in and out of service.
I love how it works with cases on!! And charges fast!
This product does not come with a charging adapter, I tried using my iphone adapter and the adapter would overheat and stopped the wireless charger from charging, I had a larger more heavy duty adapter and it works without a problem. When I contact company I was amazed at how fast the got back to me to respond to my concern. The product actually works great and would have no problem trying other products.
great size! fits right in the center of my desk. I have it connected to my monitor at work and I love that its a stand. Ive purchased Anker products long ago and trusted them so I figured I would give this device a try. I had a glitch with the first product and anker support was able to send me a new one. their support is amazing! so far so good with my device! would recommend.
I love this.  It is so easy just to put a phone down to charge
Works great.  Wish it would have came with a power adapter though as it wants a 2.4 amp one and I don’t have many of them laying around.  I ended up using a 1.8 amp one and it seems to still work fine.
We HATE fighting with, trying to find and trying to repair frustrating power cords. To be able to set the phone down and it charge without having to fight with a cord charger has been one of the most convenient things ever. Has always worked great and we love that it stands the phone upright so that we can see any notifications without touching the phone. I found that you can turn the phone sideways and still use the lighting port for ear buds while it charges and watch/use the phone still. Great buy and value!
This wireless charger works very well... Even does "fast charging" Only three stars because one died (wouldnt accept USB plug into the charger anymore) I had to buy another one and so far this one is working well.
Works great even with my case.
Good for work
no downsides that I can see.  Anker is a real quality company, with everything that I have purchased that is made by them
I recently moved to Apples iPhone XS Max from a first gen Google Pixel XL. I have never used wireless charging before and was unsure about how to get into it. The Pixel XL had great wired fast charging out of the box with its included wall charger and cable. Unfortunately, while the iPhone supports fast charging they include a painfully slow wall charger with a USB A to Lighting cable (which doesnt support fast charging either). With the cost of fast chargers being a bit prohibitive (at least at the time the iPhone XS/XS Max came out) I more heavily considered wireless charging. I found basically 2 types of wireless Qi chargers. Ones that lay flat and you place the phone on top of and stands, like this Anker Qi charger that cradle the iPhone allowing its screen to be comfortably viewed sitting in front of it. The stand type seemed more practical as it would be easier to use sitting/standing in front of the phone while it charges and would take up slightly less space. I have found Anker chargers and wireless accessories to be high quality in the past and this one was well reviewed. It comes with the Qi charging stand as well as the USB cable but no wall charger. I picked up https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B077HFFLMS/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 which is a Quick Charge 3.0 18W USB wall charger by Anker for about $14 So far the 2 work very well together, adding up together at the time of purchase to about $30. Its likely not as fast as fast charging would be, but its much faster than the out of the box charger and its more convenient. I would say a full charge from under 10% to 100% takes roughly ~2 hours whereas the out of the box charger took roughly 2x as long for me. The phone never gets hot while charging, even after leaving it on all night to charge. On the negative side, and I am really reaching here, the included cable is really too short to be useful. At 3 feet long, it barely reaches from wall to table top when the table is directly in front of the outlet. Fortunately, I have a ton of micro USB to USB A cables laying around. A 6 foot cable would have likely been good for the majority of people and would have cost them next to nothing to include vs the 3 foot cable. However, at ~$20 or less (I picked it up at ~$17) I cant really complain about the length of the included cable or lack of a wall wart. Many people have these in abundance from older/other phones/devices and even if you do not, they are also dirt cheap. I would highly recommend this for any mobile phone supporting Qi wireless charging like the iPhone XS or the iPhone XS Max.
Works great with my LG G6, no fast charge tough, but it does the job.
Very good. Also use it for a stand when viewing videos.
Its nice looking and seems well constructed. Charges my phone at a decent speed and my only complaint is that I wish the LED light was brighter as it is very faint.
Great Item to buy! i have one for my work and it charges fast!
When it arrived, I was a bit concerned by the light weight feel of the device. The original charging cable that came with the base did not work, but I had a Beats charger that I used with it and it works GREAT! I love that I can just come in and set my phone down on the stand and it immediately starts to charge. I do not have to remove my case, just my popsocket.
Works well so far!
Good purchase for my iphone XS don’t have to deal with the wire cables. It has a great design that looks professional.
It does exactly what I thought it would do. It wirelessly charges my Samsung 9+.
This is the second wireless stand I’ve purchased from Anker for my iPhone XS Max. The first one was exactly what I was looking for to have on my nightstand. The second stand was for my desk at work, replacing my old cord & plug charger. The second wireless stand stopped working after less than 2 months, and bring out of my “return window” with Amazon, I contacted Anker directly. They were prompt in their response, and I had a free replacement at my door in less then 3 days! The replacement works great!
Bought 3 of them and 1 didn’t work. So 75% a good thing
Worth it!!!
Bought two.
Seems to work great work my galaxy note 8 and s7. Charges very fast
Exactly what I was looking for.
iPhone XS Max drops right in and charges right away. Works with Apple leather case on phone.
It does a pretty great job. Works as advertised. Phone works in both horizontal and vertical positions. One note though, You do have to use a short cord... it will holler at you flashing its circle light and stop charging if it isnt getting enough power to continue charging the phone. Keep this mind when you choose its location.
Love this charger -- easy to set my phone on my nightstand!
Works as expected.
Works fine with my Galaxy S9+. Dont have to worry about lining up the chargeing zone.
Works well. Remember it charges at 1amp only. But i am fine with it as I am using it at my office desk and have enough time to keep the phone in the charger. Recommended. I would assume the higher capacity ones have more radiation.
Great product sleek an inconspicuous. Does what its supposed to without any complaints
Love this charger, quick and easy.  No hassle, just set phone on it and walk away.
Way better than the samsung chargers.
I love this charging stand! I use it at work. My phone is in sight all day, and always charged. Im not sure how I lived without this. I have a few other Anker brand items, and always look for them first when I want a new product, they have never disappointed me. Id consider them along the lines of name brand, not "other" or considered a cheaper brand.
Good
Didnt work with my phone. Gave to a friend. he loves it.
Haven’t had this charger for 2 months and it has already stopped working. Worked great while it did work
I had an issue with my product that was the result of me not reading the actual product description and assuming from the reference to it being compatible with the iPhone line that it would be able to use my 10 Lightning cable. Even though the fault was mine, the company still reached out to me to help me find a product that would better serve my needs. Absolutely astounding customer service. The charger itself works great. It is very minimalistic and blends well into the background while still being right there or me to place my phone in whenever I can manage to put it down. Usually at this price point, the stand charges I have seen are flimsy or have a hard time getting through even the thinnest of cases. This one powers right through my thick Otterbox Defender case and feels as solid and well built as anything youd pay double for to get a name brand. Give it a try.
This charger includes a USB cord that connects into the back left side of the unit, and when plugged into the 5V / 2A AC adapter from my iPad it charges my iPhone 8 well. After about 4 months of usage, my charger stopped charging my phone, even after trying another AC adapter and USB cable, but the support team at Anker was very helpful and provided a replacement unit.
Use on Iphone 8. Great product.
I was initially happy with this charger although it did not charge as fast as plugging in the phone.  I liked the convenience though for my iPhone 8.  However, less than 6 months later after purchasing the charger, it simply just stopped working.  I would have expected the device to work longer than this length of time.  Perhaps mine was defective.  Just not happy now with my purchase. Update - Customer Service is EXCELLENT - have added a star.  They sent me a replacement and were very responsive.  Am an Anker fan again now, like the design and the look of the charger.  Have found it to be very convenient.
good
Love it! Looks good and charges fast.  This is a great buy for the price. So far, so good.
Samsung S8 Plus.  charges through my cover.  sits on my work desk.  easy to view.
This is my first experience with wireless charging and so far I love it. I have an Otterbox case on my S8+ and every night before bed I have to pull out the little flap to access the charging port. Not too much of a hassle, but its nice being able to just place my phone on this charger and have it start charging. I havent yet tried taking off the case to compare the difference in charging speed, but with the phone around 15% it says there is about a 2 hour time to recharge it. It may possibly charge faster if I remove the case, but thats not something I want to do every day. It doesnt matter anyway as Im going to sleep for the night so it could take 6 hours to charge and it would still be full by morning. A power LED lights up when charging is active. This bothers me a bit when sleeping so I just face the charger away from me. If this doesnt bother you, you could leave the phones always on display on for a convenient clock.
total convenience.  I plan to buy a couple more and arrange them around the house.
Does what its supposed to do.
Great wireless dock with slight magnetic holding, charges threw a otter-box and thick leather case
This charger is great. What I liked most about it is the ability to charge your phone with your phone case still attached to your phone and it doesn’t have to stay in an upright position, you can charge the phone sideways while watching tv on your phone. The only thing I don’t like about this charger is that the usb card became worn very quickly and you cannot use a substitute cord because it will not work or it will charge your phone very slowly
It’s very lightweight and supports my phone (iPhone XS) just finest charges just fine through the case and with a lovehandle on. I would buy it again
Purchased as Christmas gift . They tried it out and it worked nice .
This charges my Note 8 through an Otterbox Defender case. It rocks and I bought 2.
This simply works as it should and is a wonderful convenience to have plugged in through the common areas of the residence. One should be mindful when buying a phone case and make sure it allows for wireless churching. Sorry pop socket and finger loop on cases lovers, but this is not for you - unless you take your case off.
I saw this exact product at Walmart for $49.99. So to get it for so much cheaper I am very pleased. Works perfect for my iPhone 8 with phone case. Thank you.
I’ve owned it for awhile now. Good back up but doesn’t charge as fast as a plug in. Works good as a place to hold your phone when charging isn’t essential. I use a magnet dashboard holder so the metal disk on my case gets in the way of charging. If I flip the phone upside down it still works but negates part of the reason of have the slanted design. I use it occasionally but I still plug in most of the time.
I love using this charger. I no longer have to reach around in the dark trying to find the charging cable when I go to bed. Simply placing the phone in this cradle charges it overnight, and it also is a nice place to keep my phone. The only thing I dont like is if I receive a phone call on vibrate it will slowly creep out of the cradle. Some stopper arms would prevent that.
I purchased this wireless charger for my desk at work, and personally, I love using it more than the Samsung pad type wireless charger I had at home.  Anytime I was sitting at my desk I left my phone there, and never had any issues getting it to charge.  After a few months or so, the charger has stopped working for any phone.  I assume that it probably isnt uncommon for these cheaper products to die, but at the cheap price tag, and the fact that it goes on sale often, Id still recommend this product. EDIT:  Within the same day of me writing the original review, Anker reached out to attempt to fix the problem.  After we were unable to fix my charger, they took it upon themselves to send me an upgraded version of the charger.  Pretty amazing customer service!  They stand by their products.
Does the job!
Gives a great view of your phone while working at your desk
Great customer service. I’m using Anker for all my charges and cables needed for my family. Awesome Product, great price . Always happy
Bought for girlfriend and she loves it.
Charges my iPhone X with no issues
It charges my phone fast and so far so good.
Exelente
Super cool product. Just drop it in and it charges. I like it sitting at my desk so I can see calls and such at a glance.
This thing is amazing. Could not be more happy. Would recommend to any one!!
I like that I can set it either Portrait or landscape and it charges.  Great product!
Muy bueno
Very nice looking unit just a touch of a blue light I like that part  no Bright light shining in your face
Works as expected!!
Really good quality and charges my iPhone X way faster than the official Samsung charger. Can or recommend more! Looks awesome too!
Works great!!! But if you have a pop socket or ring on your case ...you have to lay it sideways to charge
I bought this wireless charger and it works so well. I use Anker products and this does just what it should. Its for my IPhone X max and I was so pleased i bought another.
It does its job for the most part. However, it is just tall enough that the camera bump on the iPhone XS keeps it from being flush with the device. As a result the phone will sometimes fall off the stand at night when it vibrates. That should not be an issue for the XR. Update: tested with Xr and 8 Plus, both work great. I recommend the flat charger for the Xs
Couldn’t be easier. At first I thought it was defective but it turned out it was the extension cord I had it on. Good product.
Second update: Anker’s tech support reached out again to ensure all was well. And it is. Kudos for the good tech/customer support. Still a bit weird that the product needs the handholding. Nothing in the paperwork that comes with the charger clues you into the potential need for rebooting Editing with an update Anker’s tech support reached out after the review below and let me know a reboot of as needed. The charger is working again. Now to see how long it works or if it keeps working. Still seems odd that this kind of special treatment was needed —— Disappointed that this charger worked for less than 3 months. A rip-off.
Works as advertised, no complaints here.
It works very well with my iPhone Xs Max, with or without the Seidio Surface case, in both portrait and landscape modes.  Im getting 5W charging, which is what the charger is rated at.  Liked it enough I bought a second one.
No problems to report. (Iphone 8)
This charges fast and the phone is stable. Works better and faster than expected.
Great charger for my iPhone
Another great Anker product! We only use it to charge an Samsung S6. Not a rapid charger but not extremely slow. Charger is very light in weight. We dont have to play around with positioning of the phone on the charger.
Anker was delivering good quality product. I bought Seneo Wireless Charger that has 3x the review compare to this one and the usb broke after a one time use. after that i bought this one and it works perfectly on my iphone Xs Max.
Love this item
Does the job!
I have only had this for a few days and so far I am very pleased with it. I haven’t had it long enough to tell longevity of it but it does seem well built and is the perfect size for an iPhone XS Max. If something changes I’ll update my review later.
Actually works really well.  Just use a high enough output USB wall adapter, otherwise it will not charge your phone.  The included iPhone wall plug is not enough amperage to run it.
I’ve used many, many Anker products and they have all worked wonderfully. I have an Anker flat Qi charger, which while it also worked well, I kept bumping my phone off of it slightly sometime during the night. I bought this charger since it was next to impossible for me to do the same. So far it works great, and I appreciate having the small blue LED on the front to let me know when it’s dark, that the phone is charging.
As expected from Anker - another great product.
As described works very well with my phone.
Fast charge great design and price
Works perfectly as advertised with my iPhone X.  Like Anker products.  Seem to be quality made.
Good quality & quickly charger
Pros: Bought for overnight charging, not expecting a quick charge. With that said it will charge an IPhone 8 battery life of less than 10% to full charge in about 2 hours. The stand up style Uses less room on the night stand as well as ability to see the iPhone display  easy. Con: If the phone is not centered on the stand the wireless charger won’t always work. There have been mornings where I found my phone didn’t charge due to being too far off center.
Not fast charging. Update1, from 1-star to 2-stars Anker support team reached out to me and will be sending a replacement unit that support fast charging. Once i get it i will include more details. Update 2, from 2-stars to 5-stars Thanks to Ariel from AnkerDirect Customer Support, they were very helpful and sent a compatible fast wireless pad charger. 5 stars for your excellent support and care for your customers.
Fast charge for my note 8
I love the design and its simplicity but the wire is extremely short. Update: somehow anker customer service contacted me and they sent me a charger with the same design but better charging speed, wall adapter and longer wire. I’ve never seen a company that cares for their customers this much. I’m really satisfied with this product.
I ordered this "stand" version as well as the Anker 10W "pad" version ... I prefer the "pad" version, although this charger works well.
Connects to phone every time I set it in the cradle. iPhone 8+
Excellent charger.  I can charge my phone with my mophie external battery attached to it.
Had a small issue with the blue circle blinking randomly. But I think its all sorted out now. Works with Nexus6.
Whenever I need to buy electronics accessories, I look for Anker first. This charger does not disappoint. it feels very solid, and works well. You should, however, consider whether a standing charger is better than the standard horizontal charger for your particular setup. While the stand is nice in that you can see your phone screen more easily while the phone is charging, it does take up more space, and it is easier to tip the stand or tip the phone off the stand when placing it or picking it up, so it requires just a touch of care. Anker makes a conventional horizontal stand, and it is actually cheaper. Whichever one you get, youll probably be happy with the quality.
This is an excellent wireless charger, looks and works as described.
WOW!!! So easy to use and charges quickly but completely. Don’t forget to buy the plug in adapter
Great wireless charger for the price.  I have a note 9 in a case that sits a little awkwardly in the vertical position but it still charges so thats all I care about.  Love Anker products in general and this holds up to the standard Ive come to know from them.
So far this charger has worked as advertised. I like the look of it and it seems well built.
Anker is a great brand. They have not let me down yet. Charges my iPhone 7 with the case on. A night stand must have!
Thank you!
Wanted a charger that works both in portrait mode and in landscape mode for my new pixel 3 and I bought two of these for my wife and I. So far they work excellent and we keep them on our nightstand to charge our phones overnight. These are not certified as a fast wireless charger for the pixel 3, but that is okay with me because I didnt want a fast charger for a phone that would be charging for 8 hours every night. Great Buy!
Works good.
I love it!! I have 3
Bought for my lg 6 and it works.  Not lightening fast but I keep it on the nightstand so it is great.
I love that I can charge vertically and horizontally. I can watch Netflix on my desk and charge at the same tome.
Straight out of box, works like a charm. No more direct plug to iPhone XR, just place on charge stand. Highly recommend!
Works well. I like that the phone is put on the charger in this way. Just wish it were a fast charger
Well designed and protective.
Had some minor issues but Anker support was able to help quickly. Works as expected.
I use this on my desk at work so that I can see any incoming messages while its charging.  Works great and havent had any problems.
This charger works great, and the 18 month warranty is really outstanding. Anker stands by their products.
This charger works like it should, packaged and made well.
Excellent charger
Works much better than the Samsung.
I bought a Belkin for $60 and this Anker that’s only $15 blows it out the box. Love this thing.
It’s kinda lightweight, almost like it might break, but other than that, phenomenal
Excellent product very practical for a night stand
Purchased 4 of these for two iPhone XS Max phones. They have been excellent, I haven’t plugged in the phones since purchasing. Highly recommended along with the recommended Anker power plugs
Sometimes these products are scary to buy, but Ive come to really trust Anker products. It works even with the Apple leather case.
I like really easy fast CHARGUER
This charger works great with my Nexus 6 (which is in a case). I put in on the charger every night when I go to bed and each morning I have a fully charged phone. I will say that the charger is slower that using a cable to wall outlet charger, but its fast enough to fully charge my phone before I wake each morning and that is all I really care about.
Anker makes great products. Anker has great customer service. I only buy Anker products.
Updated: Fantastic customer service. Very responsive and was offered to upgrade for free. I will definitely buy my next one from Anker (and Ill look for an updated version next time). Good build quality, but when I have wifi and bluetooth running, it actually fails to charge the phone. Went from 30% to 29% after about 30 minutes. But when Im not using the phone it takes about 1 hour to charge about 5%.
I love being able to just place my phone on this and it charges it! The added bonus is, it is standing up, so you can see the screen. I bought 2 more additional ones for my desk and my sons college dorm.
It works
Exactly what I expected. I have an iPhone 8 Plus and it works perfectly for it
I was super exited to try this wireless charger and reading amazing reviews on this company and how they care about the consumer. When i received my charger i noticed my phone was always warm when charging it. I contacted customer service and they took care of me and answered all my questions. The wireless charger works amazing and it changes pretty fast. The person that helped me(Ariel) was helpful  and answered all my questions. I definitely recommend Anker products.
I broke the pins inside my phone and my charger so this was the answer to my fix.  I have to take the rubberized back of my Otter Box cover off but Im able to leave the hard cover back on for it to charge.  When you put it on the cradle to charge the phone, it displays how much battery life is left right on the phone screen in  large numbers that I can see without putting my glasses on to read it.  Great product.
Works great through my case for my note 9.
This is the best wireless charger that I have ever used. It charges so much faster than previous models. It also charges through my case, so I do not have to remove it every time I want to charge my phone.
I have trusted Anker products for years now and they have yet to let me down. This wireless charger works great with my iPhone X. I keep the phone in an Apple leather case and the charger works great with it. I also have a circular metal plate for use with my car mount and it does not interfere with charging. However, if you use a larger rectangular metal plate, it can interfere. You need to make sure that the placement of the metal plates does not block the coils when dealing with a thicker case such as mine, not a fault of the charger. Overall, this is a great charger!
works great
Clean design, great customer services, and meant to have no radiation risk so that it is good for overnight charging in sleeping. It may need to use a right wall outlet such as one with smart detecting voltage or/and a quality USB cable to avoid issue of losing charging for certain phones or ones with very heavy thick protective cover.
OMG--this charger is a blessing. I dont have cords from my pc to my table--i just put it on my desk.  Works great!
Works perfect right out of the box for my iPhone 8+. Charge time seems to be about the same as wired. I have a bumper type case with a clear backing and I have no issues with the charging.  Easy to line up the phone to ensure charging. Blue light that shows phone is charging isn’t obtrusive at all for light sleepers.
Muy bueno
Great wireless charger for the price, does what it is advertised to do. It is not a fast charger, even when I used the charger that came with my Samsung S9+ (which is fine for me, that would have been an added bonus :-) It charges just fine being plugged into a USB port from the terminal/computer I am using at work. I like that it is able to charge my phone without being exactly center on the charging pad which is nice. I was also able to charge my phone while it was at an angle off the pad (because I had headphones plugged in so it was leaning a bit on the lip where the blue charging light is). I agree with another reviewer that it would be nice to have a button that allows you to turn the charging on or off for those that like to place their phones on the cradle without the need for charging it. No biggie for me though, Ive just been unplugging the cable for the front USB port so far :-)
This thing is great. no more wires, no more hassle, simply put it on the stand and charge without issue. im unsure why there are negative reviews for this product as i have bought two of them and both of them work perfectly.
This charges my phone well even with an otterbox case installed. No issues to report as of yet. I like how the blue light indicator on the front is subtle enough to where it does not bother you at night, yet lets you know that your phone is charging.
Good charger
Works as advertised - so easy to use and it really does the job.
It changes through my thick leather case awesome not a fast charger but same as any wireless charger
Pros: - Works well - Full charge - Looks nice Cons - A little slow on charging but it doesnt bother me
Charges my phone Every night.
Great product and great price. Never disappointed when I by any anker product.
Works very well and fast! I’m using it at work and it sits on there at a nice angle.
I got this to charge my phone at my desk.  I wanted to avoid plugging the phone in as much as possible to preserve the USB port, so I use this on my desk to charge it.  It also stands the phone up nicely so I can see an incoming message.  It seems to work great, charging the phone in good time and shutting off.  Its also nicely stable and holds my large Note 5 phone easily.
Makes charging your phone quick and easy without having to open and close the phone case.
I was skeptical about this charger because of some reviews & the fact I was buying it for multiple people (Bosses Day Gifts) with different phones, it works for every single one of us. Its a bit small for the now larger phones but it still works & I lay mind sideways. It charges a lot faster than I anticipated too! So worth every penny & the perfect gift for anyone.
I have had this charger a little over a year it still works like new and I have never used different charger so far.
When I first got the charger, it worked intermittently at best. I contacted customer service and they walked me through some diagnostics and ultimately sent me a new unit and return shipping for the original one. They were very persistent (in a good way) and so far so good on the replacement unit. Highly recommended!
works perfectly.
This was such a smart and great purchase! It charges through my thick phone case and it’s so convenient. No more fussy wires!! It charges my phone instantly. It goes from 0-50% in less than 30 mins. Love, love, love it!
Used with Samsung S7, S8 and S8+.  They work great.  Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a charger.  Especially like using them as nightstand chargers, allowing the use of the phone as an alarm and clock.  The first one is going on a year old with no problems.
Good charger. Charges my iPhone X just fine.
Awesome Wireless Charger. You can charge your phone in any direction. Horizontal and vertical. 10/10
I really like that I can put my phone next to my bed to see the clock without touching it.  I usually use my phone the whole day and plug it in to charge when I go to sleep.  The 1-2 time I forgot to do it, I put my phone on the charging stand in the morning and it wen from 20-30%  to a full 100% in less than 30 minutes
Works ok, but It takes too long to make a full charge.
I own one of the old anker charging pads which still works, thought this would be a good upgrade, turns out its not much of an upgrade. I really wanted to like this because it feels really sturdy and is sleek looking, but I just couldnt ignore the soft high pitch clicking chirpy noise it makes when its charging my iPhone XS. my older anker charger has this problem too, but its much less noticeable. thats the biggest issue, anyhow heres my pros and cons. pros: - affordable - great packaging - appears to be well built - sleek - blue led light is not to bright in a completely pitch black room cons: - micro usb jack was tight and difficult to connect - no grippy texture to keep phone from sliding/wobbling (iphone was fine (with a case), but my nexus slid/wobbled because of the shape of the phone back) - high pitch clicking chirpy noise when charging (very noticeable with a quiet house) - on a average; 5% charge for every 1/2 hour - iphone xs (without case) did not lay flat on charger because of camera If it didnt have the noise, I would probably keep it, but I just cant get past it so its going back. Too bad. Update - After submitting my original review above and initiating my return process with Amazon, I received an follow-up email from an Anker rep who sent me an updated version of the charger. Since it is a different device, Ill write my review there for it, but by in large it address the cons I listed above. It charges the device faster, and though I dont have a tool to measure the decibels, the noise that it makes when charging does seem to be not as loud as this original version, and they added a grippy pad to the base where the device rests to keep it from sliding. But honestly, the reason I upped the rating on this review is because of the wonderful customer service. I have read about how well Anker stands by their products and they do not disappoint. Regardless of the product, after this experience, I will never worry about my Anker product purchases.
After having issues with my unit, Anker’s customer service solved the issue promptly and completely! This wireless charger looks and feels great, and I can’t wait to use it!
Ankers after-sale service is great.
Have this at the office and don’t use it much, but unlike the flat disc model it Seems to always work.
Another great product from Anker.  This is currently being used for an iPhone XS Max, which is plugged into a USB power brick (read:  not a computer).  I have two of these right now in two different rooms.  Wireless charging for me is primarily to keep my phone topped off, but fully capable of doing a full charge as needed.  The build quality is good in comparison to other wireless chargers.  Its made primarily of plastic, but seemed to be built well.  No rattling pieces within the product with a convenient subtle blue light to tell you its charging.  I like this particular form factor, as it keeps your device upright while minimizing its footprint.  Its small enough to avoid clutter on my desk, but at the same time large enough to ensure it stays balanced. Overall I like this product, but for a product like this I rarely give a 5-Star review unless it offers something unique to this type of product.  Please keep this in context.  I have not found any particular faults to this product, but its also a product that either works or doesnt.  I would recommend this product as its built well, works as advertised, and its value. Subjective Opinion: As for value, you can save a few $$$ with other aftermarket brands out there (Im sure there are plenty of values out there), but Im willing to pay a (slight) premium with Anker due to their customer service.  Still the price point is reasonable.  I rarely have had any problems with their products, but when I do I feel they take care of it quickly.  Sometimes it just worth the extra cost (read:  a few bucks).  I have stuck with their products for this primary reason and have invested heavily in their products simply because I rarely ever have problems.  Its important to know this, as I have plenty of their products to work with and test out.  Also know, I have not received any benefits from them, but this may potentially show some level of bias based on my experience and willingness to invest in their range of products.
I needed a wireless charger that keeps my phone upright for viewing and quick access at my desk.  This charger does that perfectly and when my devices battery is full, I unplug the charger and use it as a stand. Well done Anker!
Update: Anker sent me a new charger because the one I originally purchased was so slow. The new one works great! I can even charge my phone with the popsocket on it it’s not right in the middle of the phone. I have an iPhone XS Max, I put the popsocket towards the bottom of the phone and it’s able to charge, it works best if I put the phone upside down. Anker is a great company with excellent customer service! They certainly stand behind their products! It works but very slowly. My iPhone has to be on it all night to get fully charged.  It doesn’t work at all with a pop socket so I have to take my phone out of the case or take the pop socket off.  The iPhone is a bit slippery without a case and if it gets bumped or moves just a little bit it stops charging until I pick it up and set it back down.
Using this to charge a Kyrocea Duraforce Pro I can typically charge at somewhere between 850MA to 1050MA, however, sometimes it drops down to 100-300MA without explanation. It is a lifesaver though as the micro USB port on the phone is broken so at least I can still charge it!
Solid construction and easy to us with my iphone x
Love it! Charges quick and easy to use. Only complaint is I wish the cord for the charger was longer...but I bought a longer one that works fine.
So nice to just set down the phone and not mess with the port. Charges just as fast as the cable.
Awesome.  The only thing is when charging dead Samsung it doesn’t charge after certain % it’s charges fine wirelessly.  iPhone charges fine.
I use these with my IPhone X and works perfect. Takes up less space than the flat wireless chargers and they seem to charge faster. I plan to buy another for my office desk. I would recommend these!
Charges pretty fast with an iPhone X through a case. Love it.
Absolutely love my new charger. So convenient, travels easy. Works great.
excellent quality for great price! I get Anker powerbank so I decide to try charger and again BINGO!!! 100% recommendation to everybody!
These are great chargers! Charges my iPhone quickly, with no heat issues and the price makes them affordable.
Perfect. Solid construction for the price. great angle. much better than flat charger. will probably buy a second one for work.
LOVE this thing. I had been struggling to find a bedside charger that could keep my Note 8 (in an otterbox) upright and still hit the charging sweet spot.  This one I dont even have to think about.  Its as reliable as plugging in a cable.  Do note, however, that it does NOT quick charge.  I didnt buy it for that, though, I bought it for an overnight charge and keeping my phone handy, and this is the best charger/holder I have found.
Love wireless charges!!!
The wireless stand works perfectly! Initially, I had an issue with the cable but Anker quickly replaced it. I will share that the original cable that comes with the stand is not even 1ft in length and makes it difficult to plug into any of Ankers wall chargers. Despite this, I was provided a longer cable as a replacement (thanks Anker!) and it works like a charm. I have an iPhone 8 Product Red edition and my colleagues have used it for their various wireless charging capable phones and it is quick to charge, does not heat up, and works with a case on as well. Would highly recommend as with other Anker products!
Works Great. Have a newer Galaxy. Can charge vertical or horizontal.
Bought this when it was on today’s deal page. It was great price and it works great. This is my first wireless charger for my iPhone and it works as advertised. Works in portrait or landscape mode. Happy with my purchase.
So far it is working as expected. It charges my S9 through a normal size case without any problems.
Good charger and value. I bought two. One for home and one for the office.
5 star costumer service, another unit was sent and works like a charm. Thank you!!!!!
Do yourself a favor, buy more than one.. it works flawlessly. After getting this unit I instantly relized I need to put this all over the house and at work. Most people can appreciate being able to drop your phone on the cradle and wirelessly adding power to your phone. However the real beauty is being able to grab your phone from that cradle without unplugging it. No more worn out plugs and it makes it a "Grab and go" situation. Love it and I will be buying more shortly
It does what it was advertised to do and does it dependably.  you cant ask for more than that.  This is the first Anker product Ive owned but its not going to be the last.
Work beatifull
I think this product is great and I love how it stands the phone up vs other wireless chargers that require the phone to by lying flat down
Good quality built product. While it doesnt charge my Iphone 8 as fast as the lightning connector does its still charges at a good rate. Its great to leave it charging overnight and its less strain on the lightning connector on the iPhones. Overall Im happy with the product.
Charges fast and takes up little space
Exactly what I was looking for!  A sleek and high quality material charger. Love how neat and compact it is. I get compliments all the time. Will buy again shortly for my office Secret Santa gift!
I wish I had got this way before now. It woulda saved me money on chargers.
Excelente 
I loved this product. I’m not a fan of the flat wireless chargers because I occasionally use my phone while it’s charging and it’s so much easier to view at an angle. Unfortunately after about a month this charger just died. I checked different outlets but I had no luck.
Main concern with this product was if it will charge through my thick Otterbox case. Works beautifully. Sometimes I leave the phone in my belt clip and it still charges fine.
At first it didn’t work well, so I sent a note to the manufacturer. They promptly replied (and proactively followed up). Turns out I had a defective AC outlet plug (which does not come with the unit). Now it works great!
I love this wireless charger. Use it all the time. Five stars.
Its been a while since I got it and Ive been happy with it since plugging it in.
Stands up your phone so you can easily see the screen and interact while it charges. Works through every case I’ve tried on my iPhone 8 Plus, so no worries about other devices with Qi charging. Minus one star because it’s not USB-C, but don’t let that scare you away from a quality desktop charger.
I like Anker products. This feels to be a quality wireless charger BUT my Samsung S9+ doesnt recognize it as a fast charger. My  phone had a 74% charge. The Anker wireless charger with my Samsung 3.0A wall adapter would charge it in 55 minutes. With my Samsung 2.0A wall adapter, using a cord, would charge it in 41 minutes. MAYBE THIS IS THE WAY ITS DESIGNED TO WORK! I just dont know. I bought two of these. One for my wife and one for myself. She has a new iPhone XR something or other. We will see what it does with that after Christmas morning. Update: 12/17/18 I was contacted by Anker and offered a 10W wireless charger at no cost to me. I will only buy Anker products from here on. 2nd update: 12/27/18 Anker customer service is excellent.  They informed me the wireless charger I purchased is not a fast charger. Its output is 1 amp. Fast chargers are 3 amp. Something to consider when purchasing a fast charger: they decrease the life of the battery. (I read about battery charging on CNET.)
I use this with an iPhone 8.  It works great and the finish on it looks nice.  Wireless charging is a great feature.  I dont use a case with my phone so I dont know how well it would work if you used one.
Bought my first Qi charger for my girlfriend when we both got Iphone 8s.  She liked it, but being a small pad design, didnt care for how much effort it took to place it just right so it would charge.  It would have to be placed right in the center.  I bought her this charger and she just drops it right on and it starts charging.  Much easier for her to use...so now i deal with the use of the pad charger.
worked great for the first few months then stopped charging randomly... very unreliable until it finally just died. update: Anker contacted me and sent out a replacement right away. great customer service, just bad luck with one bad charger, the new one works great.
Works great, like all the other Anker products Ive bought. Ended up getting 3 of these so I can have one in office, bedside, and man cave. Im using it with an iPhone XS Max. The lack of power adapter or long cables wasnt an issue as I already had several Anker multi-outlet chargers and the included cables were long enough for all my scearios.
Works with otterbox defender series
Nice and sturdy. Works with iPhone X. Starts charging as soon as I set it down on there. Getting closer to my goal of never buying lighting cables again.
Works great and charges fast for my s9. I like the angle its placed on and that I can have my phone vertical or horizontal. Problem I found (which is still with many wireless chargers) is that when its vertical, you need to have it almost perfectly centered to work. Other than that its great. Light stays off when not in use and turns immediately on when in use.
Works so good at work I ordered a second one for home
I like this but the cord is way too short. Very inconvenient.
Worked well for a few weeks and then it became terribly slow. Takes over 3 hrs to fully charge iPhone 8 Update: The seller contacted me immediately to help me resolve the issue. I was informed that this product takes 212 min to fully charge iPhone 8 as the output is 5W. For the inconvenience, they have sent me a replacement product with 7.5W output. I will update this product in a few days.
As advertised
Fast charger
phone: lg g6 this wireless charger is great it is super useful. the charging time in comparison to being plugged in directly, it is bit slower, when using fast charge from 0 to 100 % my phone typicaly takes 1 hour and 30 some odd minutes to charge. with this wireless charger it take about 2 and half hours to charge.  (slow charge when plugged in takes 6 hours). one thing that i found that was cool is that i can charge my phone both right way up and sideways so if i want to prp it up an watch a movie or YouTube video while charging i could. i was able to charge  by plugging it into my desktop. the device cam with its own cable which was kinda short for my liking. lastly the stand is quite stable an i had not issues so far of my phone falling over or any thing
UPDATE: Anker customer service reached out to me and offered to replace the charging stand.  The replacement unit charges reliably through the leather case.  The complaint about the bright circular blue light and appearance remain, but the device does function properly now that I have a working unit, and I am pleased with the customer service response. ORIGINAL: Mine is in the garbage because its functionally useless: it cant charge my iPhone reliably through the Apple leather case.  I have other Qi chargers from Anker that work fine, but this one does not.  Additionally, the circular blue light on the base is very bright and distracting for something intended to sit on your desk.  The white "Anker" logo is also distracting when the phone is not on the stand.  I have a very cheap no-name wireless charging stand that works far better than this name brand product.
Anker products were always a solid buy for us... Until now.  These fast fast wireless stands DO NOT FAST CHARGE for Samsung Galaxy s8. Massive disappointment and a waste of money. Even the crappy Chinese brands have fast charging. Thanks for the waste of time, Anker.
UPDATE: High marks to Anker customer support! They contacted me after seeing my review and offered to send me a replacement (after Amazon had given me a refund). They asked what phone and charger I was using and I told them. The new one arrived very quickly and I immediately plugged it in - it worked flawlessly! I am very happy with the device and very impressed with Ankers customer support. Original review: Not good! Yes, I was using an adapter with adequate output. In fact I tried several. With a case-less phone in the cradle, the blue light on the unit flashes which apparently means metal is detected between the phone and the cradle (there is not), or the phone is over heated (it is not). I tried with 3 different phones - same result. I am returning this because it has to be defective.
Works well with my LG V30 and my wifes iPhone X even with cases on them.
Usually anker is known for quality  product but... this thing didnt charge my Samsung galaxy s8+ at all. It initially started then randomly disconnects itself from charging the phone. I have no idea why it does that, especially since cheap no name brand wireless chargers that I have been working just fine. Perhaps I got rare case of lemon? Update: Anker contacted me and even though I returned the product, offered replacement. I really appreciate the gesture and it was really nice of them. I just wish they sent me the correct product. XD They sent me the pad, not the stand. Even though it wasnt what I bought or looking for, I still appreciate how anker wants to make it right, so I up the star to 4 stars.
This is really cool, just set it on the pad and done!
Gr8
Very pleased with my purchase
Worked great at first but it stopped working. It’s life was very short lived. Waste of money. Revising review due to Anker customer support. They reached out and sent a replacement charger. Have had no issues with the replacement. Good value.
Works great with my Galaxy s7 and is now the only charger I use for it. The micro usb charging port on my Galaxy has been becoming more and more useless, a few weeks ago the only way I could charge my phone was by wrapping the cord around it or holding it in place. Turns out that not only is this a great solution to that problem but I wish I had this thing all along. I especially love the minimalist design of this wireless charger, other ones Ive seen seem to take up way too much space but this one sits perfectly on my bedside table leaving plenty of room for other junk.
works flawlessly!
works well. vertical or horizontal. and the blue light is not too bright. just right
The product died after just 5 weeks outside of return window. Updated 12/31/2018 - Immediately after this review Ariel from Anker reached out to me and replaced the wireless charger for free. Although the original product did die quickly, Anker stood by their product and took care of me as a customer. I am extremely pleased by their customer service and dedication. Thanks Anker!
Super convenient. Works as stated for my IPHONE MAX. Not superfast charging.
nice quality feel, works well with Mophie case. Apple like packaging is nice but seems over kill and wasteful though. I kept the box to hold paper clips.  lol
Charger goes off and on unknowingly. You have to constantly check to make sure the blue light is on. And, it takes at least 4 hours for the phone to fully charge when on it. ***UPDATE 12/26/2018*** Upon reading my review, the company immediately reached out in an effort to rectify the problem. I was sent an updated version of the charger. So far so good. The charger remains on and completely charges my phone in less than 1 hour. I am very pleased with how they resolved the situation. Changing my review to 5 stars.
Simple. Convenient. Stylish
Good product
Ended up buying another one for my desk since the first one worked so well on my nightstand.
It just works perfectly.
Im a huge fan of anker products However this feels undersized. I do have a larger phone- S9+ but its larger than this charger I havent had issues with it and it charges great but I just dont like that its not the same size as my phone Also its quiet I got this one to replace some cheap turbot brand one as it made a weird clicking noise at night that drove me nuts
Love this! It says it only works with thin phone cases, but it charges the iPhone with an otter box defender on it!
Excellent product. Recommends to any iPhone users
Love it. Works perfectly - holds phone upright at very viewable workable angle while wirelessly charging. Love that I can just plunk it down and it’s charging with no cables or clip mechanism to mess with. I recommend.
I have a iPhone XR and I left it charging over night when I placed my phone to charge it was at 20% then I woke the next morning and my phone was only at 82% that’s no good. This charger offers a great convenience for safety but no to little convenience when charging your phone up to 100%
This is a great charger. I keep it on my desk and like how I can still use and interact with my phone while it is charging. Has a great feel to the body and a real quality build to it. If looking for a wireless charger, look no further.
Wow !! Back in my day,, you had to change that batteries when your telephone ran out. Double-As and Triple-As. Now,, well hot dog! You can just put your phone on this little who-ha and it will change the batteries without any wires !! This is the future, I tell you !
Can be on a call while charging
Fantastic product, I just wish the charging micro usb cable were a little longer.
Works with LG G7 thinq. Super convenient, relatively cheap. Nice ANkEr packaging. Does charge slower than a direct cable, but thats a wireless issue in general
I bought this and use it with an adapter. It works well functionally. My major complaint is that its a slow charge. Due to the fact that I have to use an adapter and that it charges pretty slow I can only give it 3 stars. If I had an iphone with a built in wireless charger I would probably use it more often. Pros: easy to use, works fine, quality material Cons: slow charge, slow charge, not worth using with an adapter Update: Great customer service. They addressed my issue with the product fast. All good, I like their other products as well.
I recommend the newer Powerwave Fast Wireless Charging model instead of this one. Good design. Convenient stand. Had an issue with this model but the company reached out and made it right. They sent me a newer model, (Anker PowerWave Fast Wireless Charger Stand, Qi-Certified, 7.5.. SKU:A2521011,B07DBXNV58) which seems better works great so far. 5 stars for customer service.
It charges my iPhone XS Max so incredibly slowly. Even using a different power voltage wall plug in. I would not recommend. Update: Anker helped me resolve the issue. I am now satisfied with the product.
Anker stands behind their products better than anyone else on Amazon.  Quality product....charges through the relay  thick 3 Ayer cases
Works great! I would have like to have anti skid because the phone has fallen a few times.
This product was great until it wasn’t. I got it less than two weeks ago and at the time I wished I got two. But now it’s stopped working. I’ve pulled it in a bunch of different outlets. It will turn on for 3 seconds and then shut off. Waste of money. UPDATE: Immediately after I posted my initial review I was contacted by Anker. They sent out a replacement charger, which works perfectly. It completely solved my problem of needing to charge my iPhone X while having headphones plugged in. If youre a transcriptionist, this devise is perfect.
I purchased one of the original Anker chargers and recently got this one to have as additional placement around the house (first one still working great).  Anker makes a competitively priced, top notch product but their customer service really sets them apart
Bought this for my iPhone 8. Excellent quality overall. Very satisfied. Only feature that bothers me is the blue light in the base. Since I keep it next to my bed, the light appears very vivid in the night. I had to cover it with the piece of black tape. This base combined with Ankers USB charger, my iPhone 8 charges from 5 - 50% in less than 20 mins. Very impressed. I got three of these, one for home, one for work, and one for my wife iPhone X.
Anker has always delivered with quality products, and this one is no exception. HOWEVER, I read a review that the cord provided was too short so I went ahead and ordered a 6 feet lightning cable from Anker as well... only to find out that they use a micro USB connector to wall plug. Also, they don’t include any wall plugs with the charger. So take that as you will. I wish they were more specific in the product specifications about the length of the usb as well as the type, in this case it’s a micro USB and not a lightning cable. Kinda disappointed since I essentially bought an unnecessary 6 ft lightning cable. Photos attached are the boxes, the charger itself (next to an Apple TV remote for size comparison), and the micro USB. UPDATE: Anker reached out to me (again, impeccable customer service from them) to let me know theyre sending me a longer micro USB - I can now happily use this at my office desk! I upped my score because of this - hopefully in future orders/production of this charger they will just include the longer micro USB with the package to avoid this. Thanks, Anker! Appreciate the customer service.
Everything I wanted it to be. Anker has yet to disappoint me. This is my 1st so nothing to reference it against but it charges about the same speed as any typical (rated) charger. The blue LED is dim and not offensive.
Anker is my "go to" when buying iPhone accessories and this wireless charging stand is no exception.  This is a "slow" wireless charger but it serves its purpose well since this sits next to my bed for overnight charging.  I liked this one so much I purchased a 2nd one.  Yes, you need to buy a charger but there are plenty of options out there.  I looked at the "fast" chargers but they were MUCH more expensive and only seemed to charge a little bit faster.
This is a great charger for my iPhone!  It charges my phone quickly, and I don’t have to plug my phone into anything.  I just sit the phone on it and it immediately starts charging.  I bought two more for our house and one to give as a gift.  Great price too!
Great wireless charger, love the quality of Anker products.
Anker has amazing customer service, they really go above and beyond to ensure their customers’ satisfaction. The first wireless charger I received made my iPhone X hot to touch and stopped connecting wirelessly to charge within hours. I returned the wireless charger and received a full refund. Anker contacted me directly to make things right and offered to send me a replacement to try out. The replacement wireless charger works well and I have not had any issues so far with connection or overheating. I’m so impressed with Anker’s customer service! Anker has been my go to when purchasing Apple accessories and will continue to be.
Awesome charger, like others have said if the cord was a little longer it would be amazing!
I have both versions of this charger. The flat one and this stand style. With the flat one I find that a slight bump can knock the phone off the charging area and it stops charging. I don’t have that problem with the stand!
great wireless charger! I purchased this model because I wanted an upright wireless charger to go on my nightstand so that I can easily see any notifications or even turn sideways and watch a video hands free while my iPhone 8 Plus got a charge. From the packaging to the build quality of the charger, it’s great! I also have a flat circular Belkin wireless charger, and this thing does a better job! I never have to readjust the phone to get it to charge, while I always have to be careful how I position my phone on the belkin charger that was 3x the price. The only drawback is that it doesn’t come with a charging block to plug into the wall, but this really wasn’t a big deal for me since I have tons of them lying around the house unused.
I bought this when it was $26.99 and now its only $16.99. I buy only Anker products if they are made by Anker.  Theyre customer service is top notch.  I bought 3 of these and for some reason one was not charging correctly.  I sent an email to them and a week later, they sent me a new one.  No troubleshooting needed.  I let them know I tried a few things but it still wasnt working.  I would definitely buy it again when I need it.
Looks really nice and works well! Seems dumb that you don’t get the wall plug with it and have to order that separate but oh well.
This is my first Qi charger and it works perfectly.  Ive grown fond of Anker over the past year and have yet to be disappointed.  Great materials and quality and the price is good too.  The wife and I use it everyday, usually with one of our phones charging on it overnight and never had an issue.  Great product, get it already!
Awesome stand up wireless charging.. everything what I wanted..
I am surprised at how much I enjoy this. The fact that the charger props up the phone has to be my favorite aspect of it. I simply put the charger next to my computer or on my nightstand and I can see my notifications without having to pick up the phone. The small size of the charger is a good thing because there is no need to find "the sweet spot" unlike other, bigger wireless chargers. If the phone is properly place, itll work perfectly. Do note that it does not charge as fast as directly plugging in a cable into the phone. But thats not too much of an issue. For this price, 5 stars!
Another great Anker product.
This charger has been working great with my iPhone 8 (with a case on). After a few months of use, I thought it had an issue and would not start charging my phone. But my phone just needed to be rebooted. I had called customer service first and they were responsive. But charger is working fine. So reboot your phone before calling customer service if you have a problem!
Excellent product. More than a year and it works very well. Very professional packaging. Elegant and careful design. If you like Apple, youll like this.
Went through several wireless chargers looking for one that would charge my Samsung S9 with an Otterbox Defender reliably. The charge time is definitely fast when charging both vertically and horizontally and the stability is excellent.
Awesome charger!!!
This is the best wireless charger that Ive found, hands-down. It looks nice, its sturdy and the wireless charging functionality is fool-proof. I bought one for my husbands iPhone 8 and then had charger envy... so bought one for my iPhone X too. We love them!
Haven’t tested out the battery life, but it gets 4 stars overall.  I wouldn’t say it has a fast charge, but it works great for what you need and a perfect stand for setting your phone for bed or any other time.
funciona perfecto con S8 plus.
Ive used Anker batteries and chargers for a long time and when I saw they had a wireless charger, I had to try it.  I was a little skeptical about wireless charging because Ive become so spoiled with how fast my other Anker chargers work, but this charger is a great nighttime, bedside charger that looks good on the night stand.
So efficient and effective in charging any phone
Keep your phone from getting scratched or cord tangled or laying flat taking up space. This charger works great and keeps my phone easy to see and reach with no cord on my phone no bent lightning cable that prevents charging anymore.
Works perfectly with the Android phones and iPhones that I have charged on it.
This is the best wireless charger I have ever bought. It works well with my Note 9 that has a thick Casemate case. It has no problems charging and I like that it stands the phone up so I can see the time at night. Anker always has great products I have not been disappointed yet by this brand.
[edit] Ankers customer service is amazing, and they definitely care about their customers. For future purchases, know that Anker will work hard to guarantee customer satisfaction!! They sent me a PowerWave Stand Combo to try instead, and it works perfectly, with fast charging enabled. ~~~ I was drawn to this wireless charger because of Ankers brand name. I have only had great experiences with Anker products in the past and I thought this product would be no different; I could not be more disappointed with the wireless charger that I received. When charging my Samsung Galaxy s7, the phone predicted that it would take 5 hours to fully charge, starting from 30%. My friends iPhone X charges just as slowly. I used a Samsung fast charger cord / adapter, but even when using Ankers PowerPort with quick charge 3.0, it would still charge very slowly. I threw away the packaging as soon as I got this wireless charge because I had no doubt that Anker would deliver a high performing product. This truly was a let down given how high my expectations were.
great product going to buy another one
I have updated my review. When I opened up the box I discovered that the cable that they provided was ridiculously short It barely reached to the floor. However Anker reached out to me and provided longer cables free of charge so Im upgrading my rating.
What a disappointment. I bought this charger because of the brand but what a disappointment.  Didn’t charge my iPhone X’s Max overnight.  In the morning iPhone was at 80%.  IPhone had no cover. ***Udadate*** Problem solved!! Anker contacted me and sent me an Anker wall outlet 2.2 amp.  Now the charger work just great!!!!
Works so good I bought it twice. Definitely DO NOT use device while charging. Device will get hot.
Excellent quality, we bought two of them and use them nightly on our nightstands.
Connects fine to phones, but will not connect to Nexus 7 tablet. Coils dont line up and wont charge.
Small foot print, sleek design.  Charges my xs max fine - phone gets only a little warm. The material used is a fingerprint magnet.
I love this product! It charges my phone super fast. Even when I’m at 30%. Best investment
Pros: This charger works great with the new iPhone XS Max with an Apple Leather Case. The build quality feels good, it does not feel cheap in anyway. The LED indicator is not too bright to distract in a dark bedroom or office. Cons/Wishes: I do wish it used USB C instead of Micro USB to keep up with the USB times of the coming future. I also wish it was ether slightly wider or narrower because the bottom of the case sits unevenly by just a few centimeters.
Perfect for the new iPhone X’s!
This works great! It is so nice not having to plug in my phone to charge it!
When comparing to another brand (Seneo), I don’t think the Anker charged as fast. I used the same power source for both. I like Anker, buy a lot of their products, not too concerned.
I really Love all other Anker products, except this, I have Cables, cable charger and backup power, all quality is amazing but not this Wireless Charger. It is getting hot while charging my phone so my phone is getting hot too and after some time it stop charging, it never fully charge my phone, I hope the Anker correct it , because all other Anker products feel premium and work premium except this one, Update: The Ankar Customer service reach-out to me and offer replacement, I have been using it for week and half product look same as first one but function perfectly, not getting hot, I guess I have bed unit first time, and I am very happy with the charger. Number One for the customer service and love the Anker Chargers and cable, work better the all the competitors
I really like these stand up chargers. I bought 2 of them and keep one on my desk at work and one on my desk at home. Now my phone is always fully charged because these are so convenient to use. It also makes seeing my notifications really easy because i can just glance over at my phone
I love this charger. I bought one for my boyfriend and I when we upgraded from our IPhone 6 to the IPhone X. We have them on our nightstands and its perfect. The blue light is dim enough that it doesnt affect your sleep but its a nice indicator of whether your phone is properly on the stand and charging or not. I also love that the phone is standing up and not laying down like other chargers because if a text or phone call comes through I just have to look over at it instead of lift myself up to look at it. Weve had the charger for about a week and havent had any problems with it. I would definitely recommend this product.
I’ve had this charger for over a week now.  It is NOT my primary charger, so take that into consideration.  I keep it at the office where I frequently have to get up and walk away from my desk and this charger is EXACTLY what I needed and wanted!  Insanely convenient and also charges through my cheapo seven dollar glitter case.  Several coworkers have ordered this after having seen it in use. Things to know:  there’s no charging brick, so go ahead and order one.  Also, the micro usb cord is fairly short- I grabbed a 6 ft one and it made this charger 100% better!
Needed a standing wireless charger for my desk and this works great! Charges fairly quickly and no problem in both orientations. Even charges through my Otter Box Mine did come with some sort of ding. Seemed like a scratch or it feel during production. The damage seems to only be cosmetic. Overall, a great wireless charger. Wouldve been 5 stars if it didnt have the cosmetic damage.
This is my second wireless charger.  This is awesome for sitting on your desk (as long as your phone supports wireless charging of course). I will probably get another one for the office - its very convenient to charge and see your screen. Im using with an iPhone 8.
Works as advertised, even through a thick case.
Good product works well
I love it. Charges my iphone x perfectly
Al you need is a good wall adapter and your all set! Works as described not issues after using for two weeks.
Ive tried several wireless chargers this is one of the few it has the correct angle and the back is long enough so my phone doesnt tip over Im using a Note 8
I love anker brand, love how simple this is to use. love how I can switch my phone either way. easy to understand. works for my iPhone. got 3 of these!!! I have charging cables from them, they are just a great brand to trust
Works with my Note 8 , my daughters iPhone 8+, and my wifes galaxy S7.
Definitely worth giving five stars. The old version wasn’t so great so I gave it away but this blows it out the water. Super fast charging and I love how I can leave it on the stand while using my phone
It works better than the Samsung charger.
Super nice! Love it! Wish the cord was a bit longer and the angle was adjustable.
Its great! Very convenient and easy to use. Could be a little heavier so its not so easy to knock over... but it holds the phone secure and charges through my phone case and pretty fast as well.
Quality of product exceeded my expectations. Does exactly what I needed it to do.
Does the job right, it doesnt warm the surface bellow the charger, the light is not distracting and charging time is awesome.
Doesnt charge very fast, but works fine.
Great product
As advertised.
Works well, most of the time. It stops working ever so randomly and you have to unplug it to get it to work again but overall a good unit to have, especially in an office.
Everything works great, charges reliably. Just would expect it to have some kind of tacky rubber on the surface to hold the phone in place. I don’t have a case on my iPhone and there’s nothing holding it on the stand at all. It’s quite slick. I put a bunch of strips of black electrical tape on it and that has solved the issue for me; it’s just not ideal.
Charge my XS phone great with a otter box case on. Buy it  You’ll love it
Like that I can use this with my iPhone X when I still have the case on my phone! I did not want to have to take my case off every time I need to charge my phone. Seems to charge quickly and lasts me all day!
Using it on a Apple Xs with a thinner style otter case (cant remember case model).  Charges in portrait and lanscape with case on.  Does the job.  Only complaint is that it could be a hair heavier to be more stable when Im poking at my phone screen when its on the charger, but its not too bad.  Would purchase again.
So glad I bought this. So easy to charge.
No connecting a wire to our iPhone 8 pluses. Just sit the phone on the stand and it charges automatically.  Solid and substantial feel to the unit and not so big that it cant sit on our kitchen counter.  Have been satisfied with every Anker product ive purchased in the past and this one is no exception.  Very reliable products that work in the way theyre supposed to.
Great experience and product
I bought two of these, one for each of our bedside nightstands so that we can charge the phones during the night without being hassled with a cord attached to the phone.  The charging stands worked fine with my iPhone and my boyfriends Samsung, both in cases.  They do not charge at a normal rate, not lightning charges, which we didnt need.  They could be just a little bigger to be more stable, but the phones sit on them securely.  I like the rubber on the bottom to keep the unit from moving.  At least one reviewer mentioned putting some rubber or some sort of anti-slip material where the phone sits to keep it more securely in place.  The cord could be a little longer, but it can be switched for a longer cord.  Otherwise, theyre both working great.
bought 2 for the new iPhone X they charge fine still working so ok quality - will buy same again if needed
I bought two. One from home and one for my office. I have an LG G6 and use an Otterbox case. Charger works well on both. My office charger continues to work very well! Charge begins immediately and charges relatively quickly. My home charger is subject to being bumped and touched by children and I have noticed that it is not working nearly as well.
I use iphoneX and this angle is perfect to turn your phone on and it will unlock right away so good
This product works great for my iPhone X, it charges perfectly, and looks great. But, I think there is a reliability issue. My first one failed within 3 months, although customer service was great and they replaced it for me for free. The replacement unit has now failed, and it has been almost exactly 3 months. I really like this product, but cant say I would recommend based solely on my experience. I could probably get it replaced again, but I think I will choose another brand this time around. Just wanted to Post an update. After customer support reached out to me, the device is working again after following their suggestions and swapping the USB cable as well. I am happy again because I really do like this device. And excellent customer support.
I bought this wireless charger after having the puck style one that was just irritating. This one isnt as picky with how you set it on the charger in comparison to puck style chargers Ive had. It picks up that the phone is on the base quickly and begins charging it. Charging seems to be about as quick as when using a regular charger in a wall socket. Definitely recommend.
Very happy with this charger, which I purchased almost a year ago. The power light is a little obnoxious for bedside use, but that was easily fixed with a bit of black tape. When I had a technical question, they got back to me promptly and helped me resolve it. Anker continues to be my go-to choice when it comes to iPhone chargers and cables. Just a reminder: dont attempt to use this charger with the little white cube AC charger Apple provides with their phones - it doesnt put out enough power to properly work with wireless chargers like this. You need a charger that puts out at least 10 watts. Fortunately, Anker provides a couple of excellent choices in this area.
This so far work on my note 9 to charge.  Also work s9 ,s8+ those phone i try on.
No fast charge on S9+ and Note9
This wireless charger is great. It is sooooo easy to use. Just plug it in, place the phone on the stand and presto ... the phone charges. Magic.
When you have a phone that uses facial recognition, having it set up on this easel-like charger is handy, because you dont have to pick up the phone to see whats on it. And it work perfectly.
The only complaint is that it doesnt come with the part you plug into the wall, has usb cord. Charges fast, and great connectivity even through cases.
very fast charge i would recommend to give this as a gift as well for those who have phones that have wireless charging
What can I say, yet another great product from Anker. Works wonderfully !and well made!
Love this product. Works flawlessly and looks elegant.
Love that this charging station holds my phone upright as my phone charges.  Thank you for making a great product!
Perfect charger for use with Iphone 8.  Not real fast, but that doesn’t matter because I use for overnight charging.  Would purchase again if I needed another one.
Anker is an amazing company that values its customers! This charger is super! I’ve wanted one for a long time...and finally decided on this one. I love it!
So I recieved a defective unit at first i was very upset about it but a rep named Ariel from anker customers service reach out to me send me a new unit and i couldnt be happier! The unit works wonderfull charges my phone on a heart beat and i just love the simplicity and slick the unit is thanks you very much anker and Ariel!!
Works great. Even with my case on.
Super nice to rest my iPhone 8 on this charger at my desk where I can still see/listen to it while it gets a charge. Easy to use as well.
Ive had this for 3 weeks. Charges my iPhone X when plugged in a 2.4 amps USB wall charger.
This charger lasted exactly three days before it stopped working. Seriously, Anker?? We are raving fans of your batteries and cords. This is a complete disappoint. Garbage product. Hope you don’t destroy your brand selling this crap. Processing our return tomorrow. UPDATE 11/2018 Anker sent me a series of emails asking for the opportunity to replace the failed charger. After three or four emails, we finally accepted.  We had already purchased new devices from another manufacturer and were pleased with the new ones.  We have been using the new charger for a couple of months now and it meets our expectations.  We have a Silk wallet case for an iPhone 10 and it will not charge with a drivers license and credit card in the wallet part of the case.  Have to remove those for the charging to work, expected that so its not an issue. Hope this stops the emails asking me to update my review.
I wanted to buy a wireless charger for overnight charging, and Ive had good luck with Anker products in the past so I decided to buy this. Be warned, this thing takes a while to charge but its perfect for overnight charging. Works great with my S8 and iPhone X. Also landscape charging is great when Im watching something at my desk. I have an iPhone X which supports 7.5watts but the chargers that support that speed are almost triple the price of this thing. I bought 2 of these chargers and they have been working perfectly.
Obviously, wireless charging is the way to go! This product does that job well. The charging light at the base is not too bright, and doubles as a night light for my nightstand. 4 out of 5 stars is because it has the tendency to tip over when you set the phone on the base. The rubberized bottom helps with slip, but not with tip. My solution was to use some 3M double-sided acrylic tape that wont ruin the table surface. Now I can plop my device in the cradle and it doesnt move!
I purchased 3 different charges before finding this one.  It is sturdy and charges quickly.  Well worth it works great with my iPhone 8 Plus
Works great so far. What I did notice when charger my phone in the horizontal position, the phone tends to gets warm versus when the phone is charged in the vertical position. Note: charger does charge my phone with an Otterbox case.
Must have had a bad batch , dead on arrival Update:  received new one, works hreats
Great charger for my work desk. I keep it next to my monitor and when I get a notification I can look at my phone (iPhone X) and it immediately unlocks so I can read my notifications. Angle is also great for watching videos (but don’t tell my boss I’m streaming twitch when I should be working).
Love this product. Actually, everything Ive ever bought from Anker has been exactly what they said it was, and worked as designed. They make some excellent products.
I only buy Anker products.
Works well, does what its supposed to do. Its very useful to be able to charge it on your desk while also showing you your notifications, its something that is lacking the flat style wireless chargers. Reasonably priced for the added convenience.
Love it!
Ive been using this stand at work for a bit over a month now and havent had a single issue with it. Ive placed it next to my monitor and put my iPhone X on it any time Im at my desk. The charger keeps my phone topped off and positions the phone perfectly so that Face ID works without me having to touch the phone. I can see my notifications, etc. immediately when they come in just by looking. Ive connected it to an and it never fails to charge my phone even through my .
Works great with mi iPhone 8+,  Good reading angle.  Works great using hands free talk.
Nice and case friendly for wireless charging
Excellent charger. Works fast. Very reliable. Charges through my 3 card iphone case
Ive only had it a little over a week. It keeps the phone charged and its so convenient! Just set the phone on the charger. You dont have to plug the phone in or take it out.  Easy!!!
Bought this for my husband. He loves it. I wish I had seen this one 1 & 1/2 years ago for myself. I have a wireless pad. This is great because your phone stands upright and is visible to see who is calling while the phone is charging. It also does not take up a lot of room. Works great!!! Also there is no adjusting to find the spot on the phone to start charging, just place your phone in the cradle.
Very good
Anker makes and offers great electronics.  I own a number of Anker products.  Keep up the good work.
Works great, looks even better. I haven’t bought an Anker product that hasn’t been good yet.
Use it everyday of the day and night!! Cant stop using it!! Its great and doesnt mess anything up!! Have to get motre
Looks good, works perfect as expected.  Charges through TPU case no problems wouldnt hesitate to to buy again
its fantastic to use
love it
i  love the stand charges my phone like it said.
Great product. Easy to use out of box plus it’s a great place to store the phone. !
Awesome product, simple to use and fast. When you try this you want want wired charging again.
Great product, use it every day with my iPhone X! Charges perfectly with my Spigen clear case. I haven’t needed it, but I chose Anker over the myriad of other companies offering a similar product because of their stellar customer support/respect.
I trust Anker products!  They are a good company and put out stuff worth having.  I have tested this charge base with my phone standing up and on the side (both ways in my life proof CREE case.  I have thought about getting a wireless charger since getting the iPhone 8
I hate writing reviews. Just buy it!  Great value!  I like it!
Does not come with the charger. Useless you have to buy wall charger. Sounds familiar (Apple). Whatever happened to feeling like a satisfied customer. Should be part of package. Even if you have to charge more for it. But the most disappointing part is how short the cable is. Really, you have to put the charger right by the outlet. Update: Upon reading my review. Anker sent me a free wall charger and a 6ft cable free of charge. Talk about customer service. That is what i am talking about. Am so extremely please. Charges my phone in less than 2 hours. Even though it was my fault for not reading properly that it did not come with AC charger they went farccabove expectations for customer service. Won back this fools loyalty.
Love that the light isn’t too bright at night. So far it charges just as I would expect.
First impressions - works well and charges at a decent rate.  Works with Apple iPhone X (10) using an Apple Silicone case with a PopSocket attached to the back (a little above center where the top of the popsocket is covering bottom 1/4 portion of the Apple logo on the case).
I purchased a cheaper model that didnt work, included in the instructions were to reposition phone as needed to make it work. With this one you just toss it in the cradle and it charges, no fuss no muss.
Ive purchased many items from Anker over the last few years and have never been disappointed, either by their products or their customer service in the one case where I had an issue. This item is no exception.  Its well made, heavy enough to stay put on my nightstand and works as expected with my Iphone X.  I had a Twelve South Hi-Rise stand which was fine but for some reason I had trouble getting my phone on it in the dark.  This solves that.  I lay the phone on the charger and its charging.  Its also much easier to pick up in the middle of the night if I get a call. The 5w charging rate doesnt bother me since its on there while I am sleeping anyway. My one complaint applies to all Anker products.  I wish there was a bit less packaging.  The presentation is very nice but not really necessary as Ive already purchased the item. Updates-January 23, 2018 First, after having this in my bedroom for a while Ive decided the LED is too bright.  It turns the ceiling blue.  Ive solved that with a piece of electrical tape.  I get a confirmation from the phone that its on the charger and a chime sound so thats good enough.  If there must be a light it would be nice if there was a way to switch if off for bedroom situations or maybe if it only came on for a few seconds to confirm charging was started.  This doesnt change my opinion of the charger in any way. Second, as an FYI, the charger seems to work fine with the LifeProof Fre case on my iPhone X.  That will be handy when traveling since thats the only time I use a heavy case on my phone.
1/2 good, 1/2 bad. My husband and i both bought one of these for our iPhone 8 and 8plus. One works beautifully and recognizes the phone immediately and the other doesn’t do anything. So when the product works it’s great, but we did pull a dud out of the box so i will be returning this one and getting another one. We know Anker products are good, so this is probably just a bad device. Hopefully i won’t have any problems returning it as we just received them yesterday.  Will update my review when we have 2 working devices. UPDATE: Anker reached out to me about the problem. I was able to get it to charge on a second attempt and then not again on a 3rd so the customer service thinks it’s because i was using an apple iPhone charging brick. They have rectified the situation by sending me a high speed wall charger to try with the charging stand. I will update the review when i know how it works with my device. My husbands has been working fine still.
just what I expected, convenient on Desk
This is the best charger that I have owned.  I have purchased at least three desk chargers  for my wireless charging cases/ phones (Including a much more expensive desk charger from a well known company MOR) and they have been terrible.  Specially the expensive MOR charger.  With all these chargers you have to place the phone/case in a very specific "sweet spot" or the charger will just turn on and off intermittently because the magnets are not PERFECTLY aligned.  If you accidentally bump the phone you will misalign the magnets and the charger will start acting up.  AND you cannot see the phone because its laying flat on your desk. With the Anker Powerport stand, just set the phone on the charger vertically or horizontally, the charger will immediately start charging the phone.  I have used the charger without a cse, with a slim case on the phone and I m currently using  an Alpatronix BX 190plus case with my iPhone 8 Plus and it has not failed me once.  Just place the phone on the charger, vertically or horizontally, and the charger immediately  starts charging the phone/case.  I purchased two of these, one for my daughter and one for me.  She also has an iPhone 8 Plus and she uses a soft case with a Pop Socket and she has been able to charge her phone perfectly with this charger.  Just place the Pop Socket slightly lower or higher than the middle of the phone so that the case can make good contact with the charging element. We are very happy with this charger and it looks like I may be purchasing a third because my other daughter says that this charger is much better than her flat desk charger that she has to place the phone "just right" in order to make it work. I recommend the Anker Powerport Desk charger. BTW> I do not work for Anker and I was not given a discount for my review, I just feel that tis is the BEST CHARGER out there.
I have an iphone 8plus with the sturdy Otterbox commuter case.  The Anker Powerport wireless charger provides a steady charge even with the case on.  I havent had any problems with the charger detecting the phone.
Works as advertised!  I use it with my Samsung galaxy note8. Another great product from Anker.
Simple, easy to set up and use.  I’ve got an otter box on my iPhone X and it still charges my phone!  Great product!
Ive only been using it for a few days, but I love it. Its easy, inexpensive, and nice to have on my desk.
Charges great with my Otterbox case.  The phone almost has to be falling off the stand before it doesnt connect with the charging part.  Would buy again.
These are great purchased 2 one for my wife and one for me.
Works great but not fast charger
Great product as usual from Anker.  I love their stuff.
Works fantastic, even with my otterbox on my phone.
As described
Super fast charging, I have a thin minimalist case on my iPhoneX and there are no heating issues or slow charging issues. My only gripe is that the price dropped a few bucks the DAY AFTER I bought it. Not worth returning and rebuying just to save a few bucks. Anker has always been solid for me: I own two of their multiple USB chargers, this wireless charging pad, one rechargeable battery, and two lightning cables. I havent had any issues with any of them and Im always secure in knowing my charging is fast and safe. All of the wireless charger stands look the same anyway, might as well buy one thats proven quality.
Reliable charger, especially as compared to some other models. I can place my iPhone X with Apples leather case on the stand with confidence that it will charge. I have another horizontal charger that is good, though it can be picky about how the phone rests on top. This Anker charger is reliable, and I have not yet encountered a position in which it does not work. I have even accidentally placed my phone on top of a cable so it sits higher than normal on the charger, and it immediately starts charging.
Great!  Works with my Otterbox!
love it, next to my bed, always charge
I have an iPhone X and I love it that I dont have to plug anything in.  I can charge my phone while watching videos.  The coils are placed in two spots on the dock so that makes it easy to view in full screen mode!  My phone is relatively new so I am unsure how quick it charges on the dock.  I have yet to completely deplete my phones battery before charging nightly.
Easy set up and easy to use. Just as described.
Good looking and functional. Great at a nightstand or desk. TIP: Make sure that the power box you use has enough amperage. The first one I used only provided 1 amp of the required 2, so it was spotty and unreliable. I switched it out for another and the charger worked perfectly. Also use a good cord like the one included.
Great product. Local bay area company.
Holds phone upright so you can easily glance at messages, and quickly charges my iPhone.
Works great
Works great so far. I like how my phone lies flat against the charger and feels much more stable than with the expensive, padded Samsung charger.
Love using this with my Anker PowerPort II. Charges my phone to 100% overnight.
Got this to charge my iPhone 8. I also have the puck version of the Anker charger as well as a Samsung wireless charger, I prefer both Anker chargers over the Samsung. It immediately started charging and I had no balance issues as some may have reported (although, I dont have a Plus, so that may change things).. For me however, this works perfect.
Love it.  Small enough and nice looking to go in my office at work.  Works great.  Downfall may be wireless charging all together but charges slower than what I would like.
Great charging stand for my IPhone 8 Plus and works well with my Otterbox Defender Case.
Ive only been using this for a few days, but Im extremely pleased with it. Im using it with my iPhone 8Plus and at this point it charges efficiently.
Works great! Over night charging best.
Works great with my IPhone X and otterbox defender case. *Updated* After one months use the light blinks like device is not compatible and doesn’t charge sometimes.  Dropped from 5 to 2 stars due to it not being reliable. *updated 3/5/18 Contacted customer service about the issue I was having.  They were very helpful and immediately sent out a replacement that I received a couple days later.  New charger has worked without any issues thus far.
Great product, Anker never disappoints.
Charger works great. My only disappointment is like others have mentioned the short power cord. Works well though! Update...received an email from customer service. They are shipping me a 6’ cord!  Awesome customer service.
The charger works just fine. I bought a 5V, 2 amp capable charger (~$6) at Walmart, plugged in the unit, on my bedstand, and it makes charging my iPhone X a breeze! The unit stays quiescent when unoccupied, but the blue led circle at the bottom of the stand lights up when my iPhone is placed on the charger, comfirming my phone is being charged. It takes less than 3 hours to charge my partially charged iPhone. I like the option of placing my phone in either Portrait or Landscape position on the unit. And, of course, I don’t have to wear out the lightning port plugging a cable in to charge it every night. My only minor issue is that the blue light is a bit bright, so I have to orient the charger so I can sleep in the dark at night—the light stays on even after my iPhone is fully charged. Nice product!
Much better than the flat chargers. Only need to align the horizontal placement, so it charges.
Anker has the best customer service!!!! They reached out to me regarding my issue. They have won me over as a faithful customer
I must admit the response and attention demonstrated to me by Anker has been amazing! As soon as my review was posted pertaining to my concerns with this product an email was immediately sent to my attention in order to address my concerns.  I truly appreciate that kind of service.  As I thought I had a defective product that was immediately replaced after verifying a few things.  I am so pleased with how this manner was dealt with, thank you!  As of this moment the charger has been operating great!  Charging promptly as my previous experience with this product!
Works great w iPhone X
Works great!  Phone charges vertical or horizontal.  I have an ESR iPhone X case with kickstand, and the phone charges perfectly even with the thick case.  I wish the cord was a bit longer. UPDATE - 6 months later and I have purchased two additional chargers.  Really like this one!
Great quick  charger for my iPhone X reasonable priced too works great
Solid piece of aluminum bent to hold a cell phone - works great, looks stylish.
Works Great Charge fast
Works great with my iPhone X in an Otterbox Defender case. No issues so far with charging with the phone in the case. My only complaint is the supplied USB cord is too short.
Works great, no setup required.  I would have liked to see an adjustable tilt, but couldn’t find one available.
This is a nice wireless charger for my iphone.  Remember that it wont work if your case has any metal in it.
Awesome price and works great Update 5/22/18 Had something go wrong with my charger and the customer service was Awesome! Sent my replacement right away and new charger is so far working great.
Originally had some issues with the charger and my “plug.” But apparently it was bc my iPhone plug was from my original iPhone I believe. I’ve changed the plug to a newer one and it seems to be working just fine in the same outlet. I haven’t tested the speed of the charging but it seems pretty fast. One issue that I’ve discovered is that the power cord it comes with is EXTREMELY short! It says it’s 3 feet long, but it might as well be only a foot bc that’s how it feels. There is a blue light that stays on while the phone is charging which could cause issues for some, it’s not super bright nor super dim but it does have enough brightness to cast a shadow, if that makes sense...it never even bothered me. Most important awesome thing about this charger is that it works with the iPhone X Lifeproof Fre case!! I won’t have to keep on opening the charger port and wearing it out! Woohoo! I’m thinking of buying another one (or two) for my car and my desk but we’ll see. I definitely recommend this charger and would suggest that you purchase this (and the Lifeproof case of course) prior to buying your iPhone. They’re lifesavers!
It works as advertised. The status light at the bottom is helpful but it seems a little too bright in the dark for my taste. I covered it up with tape to defuse the light better so its not as bright but still visible.  I love anker products but I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 because of its fit and finish. Around the top and side edges of what the phone rests on, is sharp/rough plastic where both front and back halves of the plastic molding comes together. Other anker products that I own have a much more premium feel and this one is lacking.  Overall its still a great, convenient product.
Very convenient. No more replacing cords.
Great product and works just like it should.
Works as advertised, no problems so far.  The small status light on the front is good - it is not under the delusion it should be lighting up the entire room, just indicating charging status with sufficient enough brightness.
This is an awesome stand. Works great with my iPhone 8 (in the leather Apple Case, but know it also works with a Speck Candy Shell).  Id previously used the Belkin lightning port desk charger - and the weight difference caught me off guard a little (as before you had to pull it of the dock).  Now Im used to it - its not an issue - but if you plan to keep the dock in one place - a little command tape/double sided tape will help it stay put. Setup was obviously easy - although, and this might not affect some - when I used my Apple iPad charger - the stand emitted a very high frequency noise when the Phone wasnt charging (as if it was looking for something to charge).  I contacted support - and they were ready to send a new unit - but suggested, just in case, that I try a different charger.  I switched to a twin port iClever 2.4amp smartID charger and its been silent ever since.  I suspect the issue was the iPad charger - as Ive noticed a Bluetooth speaker do the same thing with a different Apple charger at home before.
Works perfect with my iPhone 8 with otterbox defender
Another excellent product from Anker. This is the only brand I trust other than Samsung for my phone accessories. The quality is superior to other brands, functions exactly as expected and a fair price. Its a real value.
Nice working with  Samsung  8 plus
Bought this for my iPhone X and it works great! Heads up - this doesnt come with a charger, only a USB/Micro cable so youll need to buy a charger separately
I bought two, one for the kitchen and one for the bathroom.  Really cool.  Note that it uses micro-USB not a Lightening cable so if you want to take it with you then youll have to bring both cables.
This stand works great on my iPhone X. In fact I bought another one to use at my desk. It holds the phone in the perfect position to see the screen and to also have a hands-free conversation.
Great charger buying more for my work desk
I love Anker products and this charging stand is great!  It works well with my iPhone X and surprisingly fast.  The only concern I have (and the reason for my one star deduction) is that the blue LED light on the stand does not cut off, nor does the stand stop charging once my phone is at 100%.  I am concerned this may harm my battery and had hoped the stand would automatically shut off upon reaching 100% charge, but the one I received does not.  The stand perfectly charged my phone to 100% and the LED on the stand and battery notification on my phone still displays that it is receiving a charge.  I am using the Anker Quick Charge 3.0 18W USB Wall Charger and a generic10ft micro-USB charging cable.  Is the stand functioning as designed?  Please help Anker. Thanks for the response, Anker.  Initially there was some confusion from Anker staff about how the LED was supposed to respond when charging.  Anker was generous enough to offer me a discount on my purchase due to the confusion.  I am very pleased with their prompt customer service and very pleased with how this charger functions. I have changed my rating to five stars as a result and I will definitely recommend Anker to others!
Great product like all the Anker products Ive used in the past. Been Using it for about 2 weeks now. Holds my Iphone X great and charges it when I put it on without any trouble or having to move it around.
***UPDATE*** 2/8/18 - Anker ended up sending me two 6ft cables, so I have now updated my review to 5 stars.  Works great now that I can actually use it. I purchased two of these and although they seem to charge my iPhone X okay, the cord that came with them is too short.  I planned to use one on my work desk and one on my home desk, but the cords dont reach my wall adapter.  Sadly, will I will probably have to return since I cant use them as I had planned.
Receive item very quick and as advertised
Comes with the cable you need (just have to buy a power port), I love that I can place my phone vertically and horizontally on this device. Works amazing.
UPDATE: Anker customer service is, as always, awesome. They reached out and sent me a 6 ft cable that works correctly with this charger. Ill up the review to 4 stars, but Im still withholding one star for the the facts that 1) the included cable is awfully short and 2) in my personal experience, the charger only works with Anker brand cables. ORIGINAL REVIEW: This is one finicky stand. Anker includes a short micro USB cable with the stand, and my stand works just fine with that cable. Unfortunately, I need a 6 ft. cable to reach my power outlet. Ive tried several and the stand refuses to work with any of them. The light blinks and the phone does not charge. There appears to be something non-standard about the included Anker micro USB cable and thats disappointing considering that the "U" is USB is "universal."
It is a quality yet inexpensive wireless charging base.  I bought this to use in my kitchen so I can charge and watch TV while I’m cooking or washing dishes.  I’m ordering two more for the bedrooms.
Charges great. The light on the front let’s you know if it’s working right but is not obnoxious. Speed isn’t as fast as a 7.5w charger, but still noticeably faster than other 5w ones I’ve used.
It works without any problems. It works even with cased phone.
Works with otterbox defender case! I have a Samsung galaxy S7 with a otterbox defender case (its pretty think). I read the reviews before buying this because I wasnt sure that it would charge my phone thru the case. I didnt want to have to take my case off as this charger would be primarily used when Im at work. I opted to stream music from my phone instead of buying and bringing a radio to my office. I was using a standard charger but getting annoyed when I would have to leave my office and want to take my phone with me. I researched wireless charges and was delighted to find one that acts also as a stand. I was so happy that I ordered one for my home as well. That should be coming next week! I love anker products, customer service has always been helpful when Ive had a problem which is also rare. The products that Ive ordered are very well made and always live up to expectations. I often buy anker products as birthday or Christmas gifts for friends/family.
Compact, works better than I expected. My complaint is that the micro-USB cord that ships with it is too short. I ordered the 3ft Powerline Plus micro-USB and am very pleased. I have room to move it around and adjust the position. I am using the Anker PowerPort II with Dual PowerIQ Ports with it and I get a fast charge. Some have complained about the brightness of the light on front when charging, I have not noticed that as a problem. I am biased, I love the Anker products. The only time I had trouble with one, I called and it was replaced immediately, no questions asked!
I loved this charging stand so much I bought a second one for home.
Three thumbs up!
Not fast, same as apple original charger,its ok  no problem found right now
I purchased this charging stand from Anker largely due the success Ive had with their other products and their customer support reputation.  I say reputation because I had not had the need to test it before.  When my charger arrived, it worked great right out of the box.  Unfortunately it stopped working about 10 days into using it.  I contacted Anker and a new unit was sent out quickly and without any hassle.  The new one has been working great for several weeks now and I couldnt be more pleased with its performance and looks..
Fast & Dirty review: Performs as advertised. Plug it in and it works. Charges through my (thin) phone cover. Looks good, doesnt take up too much room. Using with Galaxy S8+. Very pleased.
Love this! Great product Anker.
It works really well. I can lay down and watch porn hub with ease Instead of holding my phone in my left hand with the lightening cable connected. So I can freely move around and switch positions and do what I please when hanging out with JILL.
I never realized how much I liked wireless charging until I got my new Samsung Galaxy S8+.  This unit is reasonably priced and works perfectly.
Great product.  Does what it says and does it well.  No overheating issues and charges through my case.
Best wireless charger Ive used, so far.  Works great, even with plastic case on the phone.
Love the product! I have a Samsung Galaxy S7. Not a big issue, but if you mount your cell phone via a magnet in your car and you have a metal plate on the back of your phone, this charger will not work properly. Simple fix for me was to remove the metal plate and have it on the outside of my case instead of on the back of my phone hidden by the case. I take my case off at night to charge and put it back on in the morning. Not a big deal.
Ive been searching for a wireless charger for my iPhoneX and finally pulled the trigger and bought this. It just arrived today, I plug it and it works just as advertised. My phone is charging whether I put it on landscape or portrait. Im satisfied and Ive always appreciate Anker products. Reason for 4 stars? The cord is so short for me to plug onto the wall charger that I purchased (Anker PowerCore). I wish they included a 6 ft cord instead. Its not easy to put beside my monitor or nightstand. UPDATE 1/22/19 - Anker reached out to me over a week ago and sent me a 6 ft cable. Talk about great service! Thanks Anker! I have upgraded my review to 5 stars.
Works great. Charges through my otter box symmetry case without any issues.
This works on the Galaxy S6 also.
This is an awesome wireless charger with an incredibly low price. I bought this as a Christmas gift for my fiancé and be both love it. I had already bought a wrieless charger from Verizon when I bought my iPhone X (orig. price $80.00), but I like this one a lot more. I’m going to order one for myself and use the Verizon charger as an extra. It charges your phone quickly and you don’t have to worry about finding the right spot to lay it on so that your phone gets connection, it picks it up and starts to charge from pretty much any position. Great product!
Anker’s name speaks for its self, can’t complain
This is so convenient to sit on the countertop and come home and set the iPhone X on it to charge.  It has an auto-cutoff when the iPhone X is at 100%.  Mine even charges through my flexible case which has a small metal plate for the magnetic holder in my car. We have two, one for my husband and one for me, and I may get each of us another one for our desks at work.
I bought this for my wife along with an iPhone 8 plus. She loves the wireless charging and this one charges very quickly (with a matching Anker USB adapter). Amazingly, it charges thru a fairly thick Otterbox case with no issues. Anker is my go-to brand for this type of stuff (cables, chargers) and Ive never been disappointed.
So far, so good. Charges perfectly with my Pelican case. Using a 5V/2.4A charger for power, and it seems to be on par with the OEM Apple charging speeds.
This charger works great. I have a thick protective case on my iPhone X and this charger still works flawlessly. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for an excellent wireless charger that’s not expensive.
Great wireless charger for price iPhone X and Galaxy phones. I like Anker products, theyre decently priced for the quality. I can see it tipping over if you use a little force when putting the phone down, but havent really had that problem. The cord it comes with is a little short, but works, does not come with charging block.
I started with a small no brand chi charging puck. It worked, but my cats always managed to slide the phone off the sweet spot. I heard that Anker had a stand up charger, and knew that was the one for me. Not only is it cat-proof, it works with most cases. I happen to use a wallet case, and even with the bulk of the case,a drivers license, and a credit card, it still charges perfectly. I love Anker products!
Works great with iPhoneX even with the protective cover!
Awesome for my iPhone X. Great price!!  Great look and great quality. Bought one for home and one for work. Must buy. iPhone is well worth the price but I’m sure this is as good. Will buy again!
It works without any issues. I like that you can place the phone in both portrait and landscape positions. Easy to tell that it is charging with status light.
The blue light doesn’t turn off at any time during the charge process even when the phone is at 100%, I don’t know if this is normal or not, this is the only issue I have the rest is perfect, the time of charge, the compatibility with the case I have in the phone, etc
It does exactly what youd expect.  Charge vertically or horizontally.  It is also smart enough to let you know if you have placed it incorrectly so youre not thinking its being charged but its not.
Does not work with all cables. Interestingly that the other model lay flat pad does work with other cables.
I purchased three of these for about the same price as one of the highest rated wireless charges out there.  One for Office desk, one each or my wife and Is beside tables.  They work great for my iphone 8 and my wifes iphone 8 plus (both iphones are in Otterbox commuter cases which are great cases, but it is annoying to used lightning cables that case).  They also work great in portrait or landscape positions which gives them much more functionality than the flat charges (I had my doubts the iphone 8 plus would charge well because of its size, but it does!).  I should have known they would be this good simply because Ive always been happy with the many Anker products that Ive purchased over many years.  Anker equals good quality at a great value.  Thank you Anker!
Great addition to my iPhone 8 as this wireless charger is absolutely comfortable. I just leave it by the desk area and it just charges once dropped in! How amazing is that. One thing Im a bit fishy about is that one of my iPhone AC plug charger was dead while using with this stand. I wonder if this killed the charger, but honestly it was a 4 year old charger so it might have been its time to die anyway. Will update more if it kills more chargers.
Great design and UX but it is not working most of the time! It is on and off by chance...I tried every possible combination of the root cause w/o success... I would like to return the product. Thanks if you can help me with return and refund. Update: Apparently you have to also buy the wall charger for the device to work properly. I have not seen it in the product description in the first place. Now i got my appropriate wall charger, it works and looks great.
Perfect ; but i hobed if’s includes AC adabter
Returning this product because it does not charge that well. This is my first unsatisfactory review for Anker and that makes me a little sad. Update (four stars for the service) - AnkerDirect reached out to me directly to offer a replacement device. I told them thank you but Id already returned the device and received my refund. They offered me another device, free of charge, that would work better with the device I have. Super impressed that they not only reached out without being asked but that they took care of the issue despite Amazon taking the return. I will be keeping these guys in mind for future needs.
Hopefully this is useful for Anker and future buyers of this product. I am currently a Galaxy S7 Edge user. I has a great battery life and I can easily make it through the day with 1 charge. When I heard Anker had come out with a wireless charging stand (so it hold my phone upright instead of flat), I was actually excited (I know, weirdly excited for upright wireless charging). I ordered it and got and have been using it ever since. So, now you may be wondering, why am I giving it 4 instead of 5 stars? Well, this is the one issue I have with it. It doesnt seem to charge fast enough? I currently have a Samsung fast charging dock, and the Anker PowerPort Wireless charging dock. When I put my phone onto the Anker charger, it works, but it tends to be somewhat slower than the Samsung one, although it claims to be 30 minutes faster than other docks. I havent had the time to do a full test, but after letting my S7 Edge charge for 30 minutes at %20 each time, the Samsung dock was faster by about %3 additional battery power. I know it is a knit pick, but I wanted to point it out. Thanks!
Was mis-delivered to an incorrect address. Unit works well with iPhone X; I think I may have to use a separate charger rather than my 7-USB Hub.
Anker is anker... Top quality as always.
Great design. Reading reviews, it sounded like the platter style charging pads could be finicky re: alignment. Weve only had it a day, but this design seems to be easy to simply place your phone on base (without having to be really careful to align it). Also like the blue indicator that illuminates when its charging. So far so good.
I own and love anker products. I was excited to see this wireless charger that is also a stand for my office desk. Quick thoughts and I’ll be done. 1. It works. 2. I like that you can charge it vertical and horizontal. 3. It feels cheap. This surprised me because every other anker product I own feels like it’s made really well. This feels like it could break if I traveled extensively with it. Obviously on a desk, it will be fine. Just thought it could use a more solid structure, that’s all.
Great wireless charger for iPhone X. Does a great job charging even through the case. Works in both portrait and landscape configuration.  So convenient and easy to use.  I use my phone a lot during the day. Drop it on the charger periodically during the day for an extra little charging boost. Love it.
I love the wireless aspect. Plug it in and done!
Edit: Anker reached out to me a replaced the unit. The new one works great. It will still not "fast charge" because of the Apple standard but this is a great cost effective charger. It is a solid unit supported by a great company. This will not charge iPhone X. I have Spigen Hybrid Armor iPhone X Case and it charges on this Anker charger. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01KJL4XNY/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 But my iPhone X will not charge on this. I tried it with the case and without. I tired it with 2 different power adapters one which was 5W A2 and it still did not work. Returning it for a refund.
Nice looking stand that doesnt say "fast charge" in huge letters. Charges my Nexus 6 with a case on very well and I can still touch and swipe pretty well while the phone is in the cradle. It wont charge if you use a regular USB port from a computer, even a USB 3.0 or USB-C port. It seems to almost start charging but then stops. If you have that issue, get a dedicated 2A USB adapter that plugs into the wall and youre good to go. It would be nice if one were included in the box, but it would raise the price by about $5.
Okay, so I plugged it in. It started charging. Cool. Then, I took my phone off, turned it so it was horizontal, and set it back down. IT STARTED CHARGING! Im new to this... Im sorry.
Pretty good! Seems my new phone is never at 100%, not sure if it is Anker’s fault or apple. Will update when I figure it out!
Works as well as i can tell, two complaints 1) doesnt come with a cable and i didnt realize i would need a micro USB.  Wish that was called out clearer. 2) the shelf on the front is a little shallow.  I have an iPhone 8+ with an apple leather case and a popsocket.  With the PopSocket on, the phone will not stay on the charger. Other then that I like it.
I love the product, the price was good to i have several ankler products
So convenient to just set my iPhone8 or my husbands Galaxy on to it. Angled so that you can still Facetime, etc. Charges quickly.
The absolute best wireless charger on the market! Ive been using Anker products for about 3 years and the durable, as well as the performance is second to none. Not to mention the price is VERY reasonable. I was worried about wireless chargers getting to hot and making my new iPhone 8 Plus too hot as well. Im not kidding when I say I feel virtually no heat. I was amazed. My phone charges almost as fast as a standard cable charger. It does take a little longer, but I think thats to be expected with the wireless chargers on the market today. I would definitely recommend this product, as well as other Anker products!
What should I say about Anker? It just worked. I bought this for my friend who just bought iPhone 8 plus. I also bought a Spigen Crystal Hybrid case. I was worried that wireless charging will not work with case on. However, it worked very well with case on. All you need is just plug in it to USB outlet and put the phone on. Phone started to charge. My friend was amazed with my gift.
UPDATE: 1-2-18 Anker rep reached out to me and sent a 6ft cable to my father. Thank you Anker! Updated to 5 stars! ————— Gave as a gift this Christmas to my father he was pleased except, he complained about the USB cable being too short, unusable as it is, need to replace a longer cable.
Exceed my expectation
Love this charger! Normal charging time, and great stand instead of laying the phone flat.
I always go Anker on all my “non-Apple” cables, fast chargers, etc. And I always receive a good quality product from them. This is not the exception, well made, it does what’s supposed to. Works perfectly fine with my iPhone X
Awesome Wireless Charger! Charges iPhone 8 plus from 1-100% in 3 hours and 45mins
Charges both our Galaxy and iPhone X quickly. Stand up feature is nice.
Seems to work even with my sena two card phone case on with two cards in !!!
Initial review....works as designed with iPhone with Otterbox defender case.  Only negatives that included micro USB cable too short and would be nice to have wall charger included even if slightly more cost, but I have it plugged into their power strip so not an issue for me.  May buy another for use at work.
Really good product charges pretty fast, Awesome Overall 
Using this on my nightstand with my iPhone 8 Plus for about two weeks. Working great! So awesome to not have to plug in the phone every night. And my hand knows right where to go to hit the snooze button in the morning. :)
Works great for my Droid Turbo 2. Does exactly what it should.
Make certain that you have a strong enough charging wall block attached to this or it wont function properly.
Awesome!! Use it at work every day.  indispensable!!
Awesome
Works perfect with new I-phone X.
I purchased this device thinking that I was going to get a very slow charge  but wanted to try it out because it was a very reasonable price .  To my surprise the charging rate is faster than I expected zero  problems connected immediately chargers satisfactorily.  I am very happy with the purchase .
This works well with my Samsung galaxy s8 plus. It charges faster than the one Samsung sells, and is also cheaper. The only complaint is that for the price, it should of came with a block to plug into the wall.
I love my Anker PowerPort!  The stand up display allows me to see and interact with my phone without picking it up. The only enhancements that would make this perfect would be a headset port opening at the bottom in the ledge and an on/off switch.
Aneker makes great products.  Bought matched components, power adapter, etc. Works great, if I bring my iphone within a inch of the unit, it starts the charging.  Highly recommend this item to all.
Im using this with an iphone 8.  Its vary convenient to set the phone in the holder at the end of the day.  Im not sure how quickly it charges since I let it go all night and the phone is 100% charged when I wake up.  I use a Spigen Ultra Hybrid case and I have no issues with charging through it.  Ive read that some chargers are not very forgiving if you dont have the phone perfectly aligned.  I tested that with this charger and I get close to 1/2 an inch leeway from directly in the center before it will not charge.  The blue led light will illuminate when charging.  This is not very bright so I have no issue with this sitting on my night stand while I sleep.
Easy to use, I keep it on my bedside table. Set it on each night, always chargedall day. The blue LED glow helps find it in the dark. It just works. I bought a second to give as a gift.
I wanted a "desktop" type stand so I could see incoming alerts and messages easily while working, and have the phone charging at the same time. I paired it with an Anker charging plug as well, and have had no problems at all. One note: I was slightly hesitant on this one because it only supports normal charging, and not the Apple "quick" charge. I already own the Anker charging pad that supports "quick charge" and lays flat, and am pretty familiar with the charge time. I really wanted a stand, though, as explained above, so I purchased this with one of Ankers less expensive charging plugs that supported normal charging. After a couple weeks of using both this stand and the "quick charge" pad (now on the bedside cabinet), I have to say there really isnt much difference time-wise. For my desktop use (set the phone on the stand during the work day), the few minute difference in charging speed over hours makes no difference. The "quick charge" pad is faster, but only by maybe 20 percent (rough guess based on my observations)? For my use case, this stand is perfect for keeping the phone topped while Im at work. It also charges the phone perfectly in a horizontal position on the stand as well as vertical.  Dont be put off by the lack of Apple "quick-charge" support; in practice, this charges quite well compared to "quick charge".
With the iPhone X sitting on this I can glance over at my work desk to unlock and read notifications without lifting a finger.  Perfect angel, works great!
<EDIT> For reference, Im charging an iPhone X with a Karapax case. On my first try, I used a 3rd party USB cable to connect a 2.1A Anker USB adapter to this wireless charger. I found that the charger would not properly charge my phone. Anker support reached out to me and asked that I give the wireless charger a 2nd try. After trying the charger again, I used the cable included with the charger and successfully charged my phone! This charger is pretty fast, charging about 40% in 30 minutes!
I keep this on my night stand and it works well at charging my iPhone X. However I do not appreciate the little blue light that is always on and cannot be turned off. I want to sleep in a light-free environment. Update: Anker reached out to me to help with the problem and I greatly appreciate it!
Simple, nice-looking, and works perfectly with my iPhone X.  It holds it at the right angle for me to see whats on the screen when notifications come in, and allow FaceID to unlock it.  This is another great product from Anker.
I have been using Anker products for a couple years now and I love all of them, this is no exception. Everything from a phone stand, power cord, and Bluetooth speaker is exceptionally  engineered and manufactured with sturdy construction that is made to last. Just be sure you have this device plugged into the correct power supply. At first I had mine plugged into a USB power strip that did not provide enough power to charge my phone. After I attached it into the correct USB port and plugged into my wall it started working great. I recommend any product by Anker, you wil not be disappointed.
I trust Anker stuff to be built up to spec and not be liable to explode. While that may or may not be true for this particular item, it is unfortunately lacking in some pretty obvious design considerations. The base surface has a rubber pad which helps prevent it from sliding around, but the base is so light that it is prone to tipping over if you dont gingerly place your phone. I find this annoying because the whole point is a wireless charger is that its easy to just toss your device on it. Along the same lines, the surface that makes contact with your phone is just slick plastic. A little bit of rubber here would have helped too. Also be advised that height of the back plate is just a millimeter too high to allow the iPhone X to lay flush against it. The camera bump gets in the way. Doesnt affect charging though. The LED light is quite dim, but still visible in daylight. Its nice.
Solid product without excessive labeling.  All the Anker products ive own have been excellent in quality and durability.  I will never doubt anything made by Anker.
Charges my note 8 and s7 edge perfectly fine. It is quick and is angled just right so I can see the clock while laying in bed, thinking about getting another one for my computer desk.
Ive bought 2.  Both work perfectly.  One of the best things Ive purchased in a long time.  Very happy with all Anker products Ive bought.
dont recommend it if you use a ring holder on your case or funpop
The Blue LED is supper Bright so -1 Star. not good for sleeping.
I had bought a no name brand that looked very similar to this and had to return it because it would randomly stop charging. This one works great. I like the stand up feature, and it’s led light is. It too bright, but enough you know your phone is charging. I also bought an Anker thing that plugs in to the wall to make sure it’s getting the right power. I have never got a bad product from this brand.
(UPDATE 4/24/18) Anker immediately reached out to me after seeing my review and offered excellent customer service. Although I had returned the defective charger and was issued a refund they insisted on sending me a complimentary replacement to use. I found this to be outstanding customer service and a company that values the consumer. I have been using the charger for 2 weeks now no problem at all. I’m also confident that if any issue within reason arises with their products they will warranty them without hassle. I’m updating from 1 star to 4 star! The only suggestion I would have for an updated model is provide rubber on the charging area where the phone rest to avoid slipping off the sides and dim charge light. Thank you Anker! (Initial Review) I have always had great experience with Anker products, but this one fell FAR short. After 3 weeks the unit started randomly flashing the blue charging light. According to instructions this meant metal detected. However this was not possible as I use a TPU case and tried without the case still no luck. The charger completely stopped charging within the 30 day return period. Thankfully I was able to return through Amazon and not have to deal with the warranty process. Also, the blue charge light stayed illuminated while charging, which was a slight annoyance at night as it is very bright. Hey at least you knew your phone was charging! Simple push against something on the nightstand solves that problem. However, a dimmer light would be a suggestion for the company.
perfect!!!!
A++++++
love this item, bought 3
Cheap and reliably charges my phone just fine without getting too hot.
Looks great and works great.
The first charger works great but it is very annoying that it emits a high frequency sound while charging. I reached out to the Anker support to get some help (new wall charger and new cable didn’t change anything). I was very positively surprised by getting an answer within 24hours. It turned out my charger was defective so they exchanged it. Not happy the first one was defective but very happy with the good customer support. Now the charger works perfect!
Lasted just a few days past the return window. No longer charges. Update: I was contacted by the seller and they are sending a replacement. This was the first issue I have had with an Anker product and it was handled well.
The charger works as expected and arrived on time.
If you set this on a desk at work there’s no way the 3ft cord will reach an outlet. I called anker and unlike one of the other reviews they didn’t offer to send me a longer cable. They said it’s a micro usb cord you’ll have to buy a longer one. Anker what are you thinking send it with a 6 ft cord?! Addendum: Anker contacted me reguarding my review and theyre sending me a longer cord. Thanks Anker. My review is going to a 4/5 from a 1/5 because they made it right
I was searching for a second charging stand to use at work, and most of the inexpensive options are from hard-to-verify import suppliers.  Ive used Anker products for years, and I trust their quality and emphasis on customer satisfaction. This stand is well made, and does exactly what its supposed to do, without any hassle.  Its not terribly picky about how centered the device is, or if its in a case.  Im using it to charge my Samsung Galaxy S7 with a Spigen Tough Armor case.  It charges quickly, though not as fast as a wall charger.  In practice, this slower charging is balanced by the fact that, as a "stand", it gets used more frequently.  I make a habit of placing my phone in the stand when Im at my computer.  I like having a dedicated place to park my phone that ensures that I keep a charged battery, and it reduces the wear on the charging port to extend its life. One thing that it does not support is Fast Charge of Samsung devices.  My official Samsung wireless charging stand fast charges my device (shows "Fast Charging" on the screen), but the Anker stand only shows regular charging.  I dont know how much of a difference this would make in theory.  In practice, this has a minimal impact on me because of the way I use the charger.  If you want something that will charge your device as fast as possible, nothing will beat a powerful wired charger, especially if the charger and your device support Qualcomm Quick Charge.  If you want something to keep your device topped-up during the day, or as a way to charge your phone overnight, this is an excellent value for the price. It does not include a wall charger, so youll need to purchase one or use the one that comes with your device.  For best results, youll want a charger that can deliver at least 2 amps.
I love this. I have no problems with it. Works with my life proof w/out battery. The little blue light isn’t bright so that’s good.
AMAZING!!! Much better or i should say A TON BETTER then Samsungs "fast wireless" charger by far. Samsung doesnt even come close. Its great due to when having your phone on it you dont have to pick your phone up to see the time, not to mention you can lay your phone down sideways and be able to watch a movie or whatever while its sitting and charging. the charging area is also much bigger so you dont have to worry about your phone having to be in just the right spot for it to work!!! WORTH EVERY CENT BY FAR, DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING A FAST WIRELESS CHARGER FROM SAMSUNG
I bought this for my husband and he loves it, says it works exactly as described - no complaints.
For the price, cant go wrong.  Use it at work and it works great!  LOVE ANKER PRODUCTS!!!
Very convenient, seems to work fine and seems to charge pretty fast (S7 edge and S8)
This is my first wireless charger. I was bummed when I got my new iPhone 8 Plus, and it did not come with one. Sprint wanted to sell me an $80 Samsung one, but I figured I could find something cheaper on Amazon here. Ive been a long-time user of Anker products. They always seem to be a good level of affordability and quality. My biggest concern was the wireless charging working while my phone is in an Otterbox Defender. Very happy to report that it does without issue! One caveat is that you will need your own power brick. I use the big Apple brick from iPads in conjunction with the included Micro-USB cable (a little short). Very happy with this purchase, looking to buy a few more in the future.
Love this. I can just set it by the bed and let it charge without messing with plugs.
Chargers my iPhone X with my case on with no problems very happy with this charger
works exactly as advertised. The only challenge is finding the right place with enough power. The blue light tells you easily by blinking if not enough power supplied. I use a 6 USB port and that didnt supply enough. But plugging into another source fixed it. Using it with iPhone X w/ Apple Leather Case and charges just fine.
Easy peasy to use. Phone is always charged without any fuss of cables.
Almost perfect. The stand is handsome and understated. Perfect for a work desk. The phone gets a little warm while charging, but I suppose that’s probably the nature of any wireless charging device. The only problem is that the included cable is far too short to be useful! I’m going to have to find a way to extend it in order to use it at work like I hoped to. P.S. A killer feature would be to add button on the base of the stand that would allow you to toggle charging on and off. Itd be nice to use the stand on my work desk without charging sometimes.
The stand works seamlessly with my iPhone 8. Quickly connects in portrait and landscape orientations. It is not finicky about placement which is very nice. My only complaint is that I am using one at work and one at home and the cord that came with it is very short so I have to use an AC adapter with an extension cord on it which seems more cumbersome than it should be (neither my desk nor nightstand are far from an outlet). Overall I am happy but if Anker isnt going to send an AC adapter like you get with some charging stands I wish they would have at least sent a cable of adequate length. That being said, I highly recommend this stand. UPDATE: I communicated with Anker Customer Support with my feedback regarding the cable. They are incredibly responsive and offered to send a longer cord. I have always found Anker Customer Support to be very responsive and have never been disappointed with one of their products. This seems to be no different.
Charges great, doesnt have as much of an issue finding the sweet spot to start charging like my authentic Samsung charger does.  Once again, Anker proves to make the superior product.
Great for charging my iPhoneX at work.  Leaves it up so I can see it.
20171229 The Anker customer service is awesome, they approach me review my concern. And they have confirmed that in order to fully charge it, it takes around 220mins which is acceptable. here is my testing with the Anker 36W 4 ports wall charger 30mins - 13% I found that it could be charge wired and wirelessly at the same time. 30mins - 25% When I charge it with just the Apple cable 30mins - 20% =========== 3 stars because it is charging slow, I know it is wireless charging but I dont understand why cant they come up a # for us instead of telling us it is faster than other wireless chargers?! I supposed to receive it yesterday but Fedex has delayed my shipment like usual, I blame Amazon for this, 1 star off. It would charge 8% in 30mins to my iPhone X with a Liquid Silicone Gel Rubber case. I remember it would charge 20-30% with usb cable. I will test it without case next week, and I am using the adapter below. Anker 36W 4-Port USB Wall Charger Travel Adapter with PowerIQ Technology Anker USB cable It is good for bedroom and office, but if you need normal or fast charging then dont even waste time on this. It should has a add on package that come with the ac adapter and cable.
Anker did a great job with this (always high quality). Well designed, subtle and no crazy LEDs. Works perfect for the desk.
I received a charger a few weeks ago, but noticed that when I set my iPhone down it wouldnt always start charging (the light would blink instead). Anker sent me a replacement and it has been working great. The only downside with this charger is that the contact point between the phone and charger is plastic, so it is very easy for the phone to slide around and I worry that it could slide off the charger (I do not use a case). A rubber cover, like on my Anker charging pad (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01KJL4XNY/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3) would be great.
Great product! Purchased for my desk for my iphone X after purchasing a more expensive (twice as expensive) brand of wireless charger for my home. Wish I saw this one first... I would have bought two! I did initially have an issue when using a generic USB wall charger. After contacting customer service, they were very quick to respond, helpfully directing me to use a 5V2A i/o the generic 5V1A USB wall charger I had. I plugged the unit into the spare USB plug on my laptop docking station, and it has worked perfectly ever since! However, because of the initial issue I had with the original unit, Anker took the initiative to send me a free replacement unit just in case and arranged for free return shipping on the first unit. I appreciate the proactiveness of the customer service department to go above and beyond to do what is right and ensure that I was 100% satisfied with the charging stand.
If youre looking for a wireless charging stand to use on a desk, look no further. The Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand is perfect for desk use with its compact size and great viewing angle. My iPhone X fits perfectly and can be charged in both portrait and landscape modes. It comes with a 3-foot micro-USB cable, but does not include a wall adapter. Just use any wall adapter that you would normally use to charge your phone. I wish the back of the stand had a rubberized surface to prevent movement, but its really not a problem. Cant wait to pick up a second one. Highly recommended!
purchased as a bed table charger for my wifes iPhone X. Charges with the Otterbox case and with a "pop socket" knob on the back of the case. Works great Note :  charger is not included - be sure to buy one that supports the QC3 spec. One minor complaint - 3 micro USB cable was too short for our use. Replaced with 6 foot unit. Update - Anker reached out to me and offered to ship me a 6 foot. Excellent customer support. Updated the rated to 5 stars.
Love this unit. Sits on the night stand and charges phone inside a Otterbox Pursuit case. If you are looking for a case that performs and holds your phone upright when charging you can’t go wrong with this unit.
Use it for a month now and Im satisfied but I find it a little bit slow to charge.
works well
Product charges the your phone quickly.
Terrific charging stand, works really well on a nightstand or desk. Fit and finish, right down to the packaging, are first rate. The charge light is very small and not super bright, so it doesnt light up the room like my other wireless charging pad. Ill likely buy several more of these for the house. The first unit we got had something wrong with it, and stopped charging after a couple of days. I contacted Anker, and their support team could not have been more accommodating. They suggested a couple of steps, which unfortunately didnt work, then immediately advance-shipped a replacement along with a label to return the failed unit at no cost. I could not be more pleased with how they handled the issue.
Charges pretty well over night for iPhone X fairly fast I have bought the Power Wave due to this model and will use both in different Locations
This is another great charging product from Anker.  I have a couple of the flat models, and my wife wanted one of the angular models for her iPhone.  This unit is solidly built and works very well for an iPhone.  The real test was my android with the industrial hard shell case.  The charger works perfectly even on my phone.  I would buy again without hesitation.
Great product for on demand wireless charging
Works great. No issues with it after months of use.
Works great. Even with a phone case.
Considering the $22 price, I really didnt expect much, but this product was recommended by a friend so I thought Id give it a go.  Well, the product is excellent—the build quality is very, very good and it charges my iPhone X (with the leather case on) like a champ.  Exactly what I wanted.  Thanks!
This is a great wireless charger. I had an issue with one of the 2 I had purchased and Anker stepped in and quickly replaced without any questions. It was an absolute pleasure dealing with their customer service reps and have followed up to ensure that I was completely satisfied with their product. Thank you Anker.
Updated review: Anker support reached out and arranged to send me a 6 ft. cable. Updating review accordingly. Thank you, Anker support. Original review: Charging cord is only 3 feet long which makes it useless for the bedroom I was planning on using it in. Will see how well it does on the desktop. Also, delivery driver lied about leaving my package in a mail room. My house doesnt have a mail room.
Good for what it is.
This charger is perfect as a desktop charger. Allows you to charge while in either landscape or portrait mode. Takes up very little desktop space. I use it every day. Might not be the fastest charger, but might be the most convenient.
Works as stated. Another quality product from Anker. I use mine with an iPhone X with no heat issue or placement problems.
Outstanding wireless charging stand. Works perfectly with my iPhone 8 Plus. Phone charges in either vertical or horizontal position. Even charges with my phone in its case.
I have an LG V30 and a Samsung S7 Edge. Both have Speck Presidio Grip cases on during charging. No problems with heat build up. No problems with either vertical or horizontal placement on the stand. Both phones start charging instantly. The LG V30 takes about 2 and 1/2 hours to charge from 20% to 100% using a standard 5.0v / 2.0a usb charger. This is not a sponsored review. Im just a grampa that likes great products.
To put it simply, this thing is awesome! I have this on my bedside table and i like the build quality and performance of this wireless charger. This is the first Anker product Ive purchased and was so impressed that I went and got one of their cases for my new iPhone 8 Plus as well and that was a great buy too. You cannot go wrong with this Id highly recommend it!
Awesome stand!  It keeps my iPhone X topped up at work and is at the perfect angle so that I dont have to pick up the phone to read anything on it.  Just tap on the screen to wake it up, look at the phone for FaceID, and Im in!
With FaceID on the iPhone X, whenever I get a notification on my desk, I just glance at the phone and the notifications all expand for me. This standing charger is a godsend for my work and probably going to get one for my home desk as well. Absolutely love it.
This product is working just fine. I just wish it would work with having my metal plate in the case. Either way, it works great.
I have been using the charger for about 2 months now. It is easy to use and I like the angle of tilt when placed on table. The angle was just right that I need to just look at iPhone X to activate face recognition. You can charge and view video in the landscape mode. The only issue I have with it based on my lifestyle is that if I want to connect the phone by cable to a speaker, I can only do it in landscape mode due to the design of the stand. Some of the radio and music app I used display only in portrait mode. But that should not be a show stopper because one can use Bluetooth.
This is the best wireless charger I’ve had to date. Ease of use and it stands the phone upright to view. Looks slick.
works well on my iphoneX , works for my S7 as well but does not "fast charge"
Awesome!  It is so nice to just sit your phone on the charger and not have mess with a cord. Charges just as fast as plugging it in.  So happy I decided to buy this!
Very useful, functional inclination, phone X unlock without take him from the charging base..  not ugly on desk! Works fine with apples leather folio but not as quick charge as with cable. (tested only on I Mac Usb)
Anker has many accessories for you iPhone and recently I purchased this one. It works really well with my iPhone X. It charges quickly and I never have to fiddle with it when placing it on the cradle. The only problem I’ve had is with the power chord. It’s only a 3ft cable and that’s a little to short. I contacted Anker and they are sending me out a 6ft cable to replace it. That’s a great company! If you’re looking for a wireless charger I highly recommend this one.
looking forward to the 10W version!
Excellent product from a reputable manufacturer. Even charges well through my heavy-duty waterproof case.
Works Great
Been a fan of Anker products for a while now, and this wireless charger doesn’t disappoint. Bought a generic wireless charger, and returned it when I saw Anker made a similar product. The stand is a great size, and I like the look and feel of the product. Unlike most of the other reviews, I don’t mind the lack a power plug, I wouldn’t have used it anyways. If I didn’t plug it into my Native union eclipse, I’d be using one of my two four port usb hubs from Anker.  The reason for four starts instead of five? Anker doesn’t include any information on the power output. Is it 5 Watts, 10, 15? The little blue led doesn’t turn off when charging, although it’s very dim, and the plastic on the front of the wireless charger is a tiny bit smaller than the back, so the seam isn’t smooth.
So far this is the only wireless charger that Ive been able to use with my LG G6 in its case and still charge quickly. Im actually going to be buying another one for home now.
It does work, but the included cord is comically short.  Most usage is going to be on a desk or night stand, so the cord is practically worthless unless your plug is in the exact right place. edit:  Anker sent me 6 foot cords after they read my review. Im happy with the situation now.
Gets the job done eventually. My main complaint with this is the short cord. I couldnt even place this on my nightstand and run it to an outlet on the floorboard. Edit: Anker did reach out to me and offer me a longer cord. This cord alleviated my issue with it not reaching the outlet, so I can once again use this in my bedroom. I do think it would be nice if these longer cords were standard with all orders.
Great charger. Could use it by your bedside or your desk, but I chose to put it at my desk so I can easily see what music Im listening to or keep pages/apps open all day for things like sneaker releases. Easily able to look at my phone without moving and unlock my iPhone X using FaceID. Only real complaint is that it would be nice if there was a cutout in the bottom ledge. Without it, you cant leave your phone upright and plug in headphones to your Lightning port. Not a dealbreaker for most (not even a dealbreaker for me) but it would be nice to be able to use the stand for video conferencing in Hangouts, etc. If you try to orient your phone in landscape to do that, it just doesnt end up working right. Overall, Id say its definitely worth buying - big fan of Anker and this is no exception.
The product does an excellent job and has performed well. However, I am extremely dissatisfied with the accessories that came with the product. I am especially frustrated with the length of the connecting cord. It is so short that the phone and the charger are often knocked form my nightstand or desk because of the limitations of the connecting cord. Thus the "poor" rating. Im editing my initial review. Anker went out of their way to upgrade the charging cord that came with this unit. The additional length of the new cord has resolved the problems I was experiencing. I am more than satisfied with Anker and their prompt follow-up. Thank yo, to Anker and their customer service staff.
Works real good. It works like a charm .
Very convenient.  I purchased two - one for my nightstand, and one from my desk at the office.  I like that it props your phone at an angle - great for watching a video while laying in bed, and great for glancing at alerts when your phone lights up at the office. I have a case on it, and it charges through it with no issue (on an iPhone 8+).  I know some other cases with a magnet in it can cause interference.  I use this one: and have no issues.
CHARGES SLOW
This is the 10th Anker product that I have purchased.  So far all have worked flawlessly and as claimed.  I do a tremendous amount of travel and their quality from cables to chargers is stout and hold up under rigorous travel conditions.  Customer service is Grade A.  Trust me, if there is a similar product on the market and you have a choice.......go with Anker you wont be disappointed.
Nice charger. Purchased a 2nd one for iPhone x
One of my favorite purchases ever
ANKER  ANKER  ANKER  ANOTHER  HOME RUN  FAST CHARGE  SLEEK DESIGN  AND FLAWLESS EXECUTION  ANKER  DID IT AGAIN PS I GOT 3 ONE FOR MY ROOM ANOTHER FOR MY OFFICE AND ONE TO SPARE
it is so good
Works perfect with Samsung S8 with Otterbox Defender case.  Only charger I tried that worked well.
Bought this after doing some research on other standing wireless charge I liked it because it look like the right size for my desk at work. I was a little skeptical at first thinking it wouldnt charge very quick but it charges just as fast as any other wall chargers.
Works great
Works great and charges my phone when I set it down. I have an otter box symmetry case and it works perfectly!
Works as intended, cable that came with it stopped working. But I have plenty at home to replace it with. Their excellent customer service contacted me, replaced the cable for me. One of the best customer services out there.
I heard that wireless chargers were slower than wired chargers, but this one surprised me (in a good way). Its not actually all that slow. My new iPhone 8 Plus was taking up too much desk space and with the charging cord attached it was even worse. This charger gives you a nice place to rest your phone where you can see the screen easily and take up less space. I was assuming the wireless stand would only give a "trickle charge" to the phone while resting there. Not so. Plugged it in for the first time today and here are my unscientific results: Battery charge when set in the stand - 59%. 1 hour later 84%. 1 hours later 95%. 2 hours later 98%. 2:05 later 100%. That is much faster than I thought it would be. My iPhone has a slim TPU case that is about 2mm thick and the charger didnt seem to care. Playing music on Pandora was kind of neat because the battery didnt lose its 100% charge for over an hour and the speakers sounded fine. Not sure why, since the bottom lip of the charger seems to cover them but perhaps the curved case gives enough air-space. If you need the full impact of your microscopic phone speakers, you can simply lay the phone sideways and point those massive subwoofers towards your listening area. The phone charges whether resting vertically or horizontally. The phone never heated up while charging but the back got a little warm (like, barely) while charging and playing Pandora simultaneously. Very nicely designed charger and it fits my needs perfectly. If I ever need an emergency "fast charge", thats what cords are for. Highly recommended.
Great for IphoneX, allows me to set it next to my notebook as I work, and when I get a notification the angle is perfect for me to just look at it and have the facial recognition to unlock my phone.  Charge time is sightly slower than when wired up.
I love this charger. It is great built quality. I have a heavy waterproof case on my iPhone X and this charger works perfectly. Anker is very trustworthy company.
Very good product charge fast when using a 2.1 amp. Adapter even with the case on it.... highly recommend it
Works well with my iPhone 8 and Otterbox. Charges quickly. I have it plugged into a wall usb charger. See attached pics
Works really well.  Wished it charged quicker, but I think youll have the same issue on most of these anyway. The only reason I wouldnt give this 5 stars, is the issue with using headphones.  If you have headphones, and want to charge, you have to put the phone on landscape mode, and not portrait.  Unfortunately, Apple Music app does not work in landscape mode, so everything ends up being sideways.
Appears well designed and built, functions perfectly on my new iphone 8+, and is very reasonably priced.
This wireless charger is an excellent design and functional solution. It charges quickly and the stand up easel, space saving configuration is so much better than other flat pancake style solutions.
Has worked great so far and works with iPhone in the apple leather and silicone cases.
These work great. I have two of them. I use it with my iPhone X with a case. They do not charge super fast but I’m pleased with the speed of charge. This charger is high quality and seems durable as with other Anker products I have.
great for the iPhone X.  with the angle, you can easily unlock your phone without removing it from the stand.  huge anker fan
I’ve tried a few generic wireless chargers for my iPhone X and all were...fine. However, I have a bunch of Anker chargers and cords so when I saw that they made one of these I had to give it a shot. It’s exactly what you’d expect from them: well priced and well made. The base of the stand is nice and wide and while you can’t just “throw” a phone onto it, the charging spot is wide enough that I haven’t missed yet. Basically, if it isn’t clearly sticking off to one side it’ll work. With regards to the blue light, it turns on when you place a phone on it and off when you take it off. It’s right next to my bed and I don’t find it bright at all...just enough to see where to grab for the phone. Right now I have the phone in an Apple leather case and it charges just as well as before the case was on it. Not surprisingly it sold out quickly, but once it comes back into stock I’ll be ordering another 1-2 and returning the generic ones.
*Update* after receiving an email from anker direct customers service regarding my issues they sent me a replacement charger and the issue has been fixed. Wont charge note 8 or Samsung galaxy s8
Awesome charger!!! I purchased the wall plug with the proper output and it works like a charm with my iPhone 8 Plus!
Love this! Have it at my desk at work. I like that it also keeps phone upright for reading screen as things pop upz
After week from daily using It’s working very good, charging fast, the phone not get hot or the device I like the design
Im extremely happy with this product. It sits on my desk and allows me to glance over at my phone if I have a text while charging it and keeping it accessible to me. Pros: - Holds an iPhone 8 perfectly without falling off. - Lights up dimly blue when charging so I know its working - Holds the phone at an angle that I can read at any time. Cons: - Cant plug in headphones when using it as the base is solid. You can if its a flat version, or lie this one on its back, but then whats the point? Minor quibble. It will charge upside down, but, well...thats weird.
works as advertised on multiple device brands
works well. good quality finish and packaging.
Absolutely fantastic. My Galaxy S7s usb port died on me and this was a life-saver. Its not a fast charger, but if Anker ever makes one, Ill be buying that, too. With my phone in its LifeProof FRE case, its about 2/3 the size of the phone, so its small enough to be unobtrusive on my desk and nightstand, and also portable enough to move between the two until I can get a second one.
Perfect!  works well for my IPhone.  first one shipped was a returned item with an unknown white piece of plastic.  Amazon returned and new unit shipped quickly.
I used it and while charging it the battery actually went down over time instead of charging. EDIT: Anker saw my review and sent me another one to try. After going abroad for many months and finally being able to try it, it works well and charges efficiently.
Works as expected. A little slower than other wireless chargers but works. There is a big bright blue led at the front that might be annoying if you want to have next to your bed for some people.
Works great for my LG V30. Phone stays cool while charging and I dont have to play with the phones position to get it to charge.
Works fine, even with a Life Proof case.
Works great. I thought that I would like a charger that my phone stands in, but I prefer the kind where the phone lays flat.
Charging my iPhone X is easy at night since I can plop it into the charger. If I want a fast charge I can’t count on it since it’s only 5W instead of my iPad’s 12W Charger.
Can charger phone vertical or horizontal
Works with Otterbox Symmetry Case on my iPhone 8. I love this thing honestly, wireless charging is a game changer.
Works with iPhone X and Otterbox Defender case. Serves as a sleek, stable platform while charging.
First times the charm. At first I thought this item will be more lengthier. But I am satisfied with the length of it and how quickly it charges my 8 plus.
Great desk companion to keep my iPhone X charged.
Buy it for my iPhone X . Overall , it is good. But it takes time to fully charge my phone.
Perfect for desk!!
Happy with my wireless charger for my iPhone 8 Plus. Love Anker products.
Works as advertised.  Charges my Iphone X with an Otter Box Defender Case without any difficulty.  My two complaints (which decreased from 5 stars to 4) is that it doesnt come with a wall charger.  Would be nice if they offered it with a recommend wall charger from Ankur as a package, and they could have charged a little more, and still have the Stand alone without a wall charger too.  Also, cord short if you are going to connect to a wall charger and into a plug (limits where you can put it).  Emailed Anker about this, and they immediately responded and sent me a 6 foot cord at no charge.  Very impressed with their response.  Think would save them a lot of time if they just included a 6 ft cord as standard with this stand because this is a common complaint I have seen on the reviews.  Anyway, very happy with product and very pleased with Ankers response to issues.
So far so good. I havent had any trouble with it tilting over when I put my phone on it. It seems to charge an iphone x fully in about an hour and maybe 15 min. The life of the battery after using this charger is pretty good. Doesnt die too quickly. I bought this because I trust the Anker brand and so far Im satisfied. Just hoping that it stays this way over time.
This is really an excellent wireless charger. I have an iPhone X and it can be charged either with the laptop or you can plug the cord into an wall charger and that will work as well. What makes it easy is the phone is at an angle just like the image shows and it is easy to get whether at work or in the morning when you wake up. Without question, it is one of the best stands I have ever had.
Couldn’t be happier with performance and quality very well-made,easy to use, charges my iPhone 8 fast and very well.  Anchor products are the choice for me they have proved themselves again
I did a lot of survey and decided give Anker a try and I think I made a right decision. The charger came with a decent package and easy to read user manual, and the look and feel is much better than I expected! The only cons is it didnt come with AC adaptor which is the only thing that is weird to me(I know other products on Amazon also come without AC but I still think it is a weird marketing strategy), so I bought a Ankers USB Travel wall charger with this wireless stand to make sure the best use experience. I have used it for a week and it works great. I can charged my iphone8 with a non-metal case and it charged pretty fast. The blue light indicator is really nice to tell you if the charger is working. Overall this is a good quality product!
I love this thing works flawlessly and I’d half the price of the apple charger.
Really great wireless charger for iPhone X. It is *not* 7.5W, but I was not looking specifically for that. The main benefit of this is that it is perfectly angled for Face ID to work well. you can put it on your desk and place your phone on it as a phone stand. If you look at your phone, Face ID will work, and you can use it comfortably, and all that time it gets charged. I also bought another (flat) charger - which I use by my bedside, but this is a far superior experience thanks to the angle.
This wireless charger is excellent... I had it about a week now and its fast charging and runs cool... Also its design as a stand up charger is best for me... No phone slippping around on the charger like flat models... Drop on the stand and walk away... So far so good....
Good quality with reasonable price best thing that it can charge horizontal and vertical on good viewinf angle.
Works great - just as described!
Would like to echo DS1111s review.  Couldnt have said it better!
Fantastic. Plugged it in to my existing phones wall charger, set the phone down, and it just worked. Was concerned the phones case might get in the way, but it wasnt an issue.  Im using a Samsung S7 with a Galaxy Defender case, its one of the thickest Ive seen as its a two part case, but the phone charges fine. Ive tested it vertical and horizontal, and both charge well. Theres a blue light on the base that activates when charging happens, so you always know youve got the phone set correctly.  Positioning hasnt been a problem, but its comforting to see the light activate.  And speaking of the LED, they nailed the brightness on it.  Its easy to see, but wont keep you up at night.  Really well done (overly bright LED lights are a personal pet peeve of mine). Highly recommended.
It is very helpful to my daily work. I frequently plug in my iphone 8 for charging and pull it out when I bring my phone to a meeting or a conversation. The wireless charger saves my time to precisely ‘plug’ my phone into a wire charger. The design also makes the processing of information much easier when I am charging my iphone. By the way, the charger works well even your phone has a case on it.
Works as promised! I use it at work and havent had any issues.
I have this right next to my bed so I personally covered the light with a bit of electrical tape. Its not bright, but it would have been nice if it went out after a few seconds.
I like that you can view things on your phone sitting up while charging. Just don’t drop it because you will start to have some problems. I found a permanent place so i can just charge at night and it never moves. I may buy another for my living room.
I keep this stand near my monitors and it really is fantastic. I trade stock options and I watch 4 monitors during the day. I can place my iPhone X in the stand and watch for message alerts while it is charging. It is just the right angle for me and while not a fast charger (limitation of my iPhone) it charges my phone at a fast rate and I dont have to plug in and unplug any power cords. Highly recommend this stand.
This well priced desk charger works perfectly for my iphone 8plus.  Keeps the phone safe and viewable and the cord is long enough to reach through the desk wire openings into my CPU tower below.  It works, it doesnt  overheat, and the design is fine.  Great purchase for this price.
Product works fine. Initially, I was using a wrong charger that did not have the correct output and hence my phone was not charging. After the seller informed me I needed a more powerful charger, the the phone charger worked. As long as your charger has an output greater than 2w, the charger works well-anything less creates a problem. Now that I have the correct charger, I am happy with the product!
This thing is pretty awesome. Works great on my Galaxy S8 through an otterbox commuter case. Doesnt really get too warm. I like that I can set my phone on this usually before I go to bed and just works. I covered up the little blue LED with a piece of black electrical tape because I like my room dark when I sleep. Only thing I dont care for is where the USB charging cable is plugged into. It causes the stand to stick out about an inch or two from the wall. I tried to purchase a right angle micro usb cable from star tech to be able to put it closer to the wall but it ended up causing issues to where i thought the charger was broken. Id set my phone on it and the blue led would blink, first night my phone didnt charge at all and had 10% battery in the morning. I wish theyd put that usb connector somewhere else.
UPDATE: contacted Anker customer service and they sent me a replacement unit immediately, good to see a company that stands behind their product and puts the customer first. PRIOR: I really liked this charger for almost a year now, did exactly what it was supposed to do. In the middle of the night last night it just decided to die with no warning, so woke up with only a low charge remaining on the phone. Tried swapping the power supply just to be sure it was the charger. Very disappointing as I really USED to like the product.
Great size reliably charges phone. Convenient drop on the stand and charge no issues finding the sweet spot.
I like the simplicity of charging the phone without looking for the “hole”
Live this charger! It charges my iphoneX really fast and I can also turn my phone sideways and charge which is great for watching videos!!
Works well, only real "complaint" is that the light blinks and distracts me from the video I am watching that is distracting me from my job.
I bought one of these and liked it so much, I bought a second one. The second had issues so I reached out to Anker. They were prompt and efficient sending out a replacement immediately without requiring me to box up the bad unit and return it. On to the stand itself. I like the convenience of having the phone upright so I can view any popup messages, or I can use it to do other things. We have 2 iPhone Xs and an iPhone 7 retrofitted with a Qi receiver and this stand charges through relatively thick cases. They do not charge as fast as wired but for maintaining the level of charge, wireless cant be beat. These also do not get very warm during charging. I now bought a third Anker (Qi charging pad) and will probably buy more to keep in various places around the house. Message to Anker: You need to make a wireless car charger that mounts to the dash. If your name is on it, I will buy it!
Excellent product. I will take a star out due to the micro USB cable: first, I wish it was a lightning cable; second, it’s so short – around 34” - that you immediately need to order a longer cable as you will not be able to put it over your office desk for example. I like that the blue light is very discrete and not too bright as other stands to cause a distraction. Talking about a distraction, I wish the brand was printed in the back and not in a visible area. I don’t need have the brand printed on top of the device. I covered it with a black tape, but most people will not care I’m sure. I just like my office desk with a very clean look. The device works flawlessly and I was surprised how fast it charges my iPhone X. Now, a request for an improved version of this product: make it with a longer ‘lightning’ cable, and add a extra stand to charge my Apple Watch. BTW, I also ordered a “USB Type-C, Anker Premium 5-Port 60W USB Wall Charger Powerport I PD” (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B072K5ZJXF/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 ) as the USB charger, and it works perfectly with this stand. It has a USB Type-C for "super fast" charging when needed. So far, Ive been so happy how fast the wireless charging works with the Anker stand that I didnt need to use the USB-C cable.
This is an eassential accessory if your smartphone supports wireless charging. It charges your phone whether you put in in portrait or lanscape position. So far so good. I havent noticed my iPhone X warming up when i leave it on tha charger overnight. The build quality is good so I dont expect to have issues with it. Highly recommended
Im a pretty big Anker fan and have always been impressed with their quality for price. This time though it feels a little too cheap, while the stand looks great and is about the right size, its a little too light and is all plastic. Now I dont usually chuck my phone at the stand, but I wouldnt expect the stand to wobble if I just let the phone plop back onto the stand. However, it does the job and charges my S8 quickly. Next iteration itd be nice to see something more sturdy, more similar to their phone stands and previous wireless pad chargers.
Anker for the win - AGAIN!
I love this charging dock. I bought it for my desk at work for the iPhone X. It is perfectly angled so that I can use a handsfree approach when checking notifications, texts, etc. The other bonus is that it is an Anker product. Well done Anker, always putting great products out. #1 fan at this point.
thanks very match for this item
I got this as a replacement for a different charger I ordered on accident. This one is great. Not a “fast charge” charger but it is faster than normal. Great product!! Love that my phone is up right.
Work as advertised
Great . SImple
This charger is typical Anker product quality. Its sturdy and charges the phone quickly. Ive seen no heating issues with my phone (S7 Edge).  So why the 4 stars instead of 5?  Its missing an great feature that most other wireless chargers have.  It does NOT indicate when a Samsung phone is charged.  The Samsung chargers LED changes color when the phone is charged (blue -> green).  The Seneos LED turns on when the phone is place on the charger and turns off when the phone is fully charged.  This Ankers LED light turns on when the phone is placed on the charger and stays on.  So you have to open your phone to check on the charge level. I found this irritating.
I bought this for my Iphone 8 along with the PowerPort II from Anker for the ac adapter.  I was a little concerned if it would charge through my Lifeproof Fre that my phone was in.  Well, as soon as I put it on the stand it started charging and it went from 75% charge to 100% in less than ten minutes.  Highly recommend this wireless stand for your Iphone 8 series phones or X.  Cant go wrong with Anker.
Another great product from Anker, great quality and packaging, highly recommended.
love it
Great
Works even with a popsocket and metel on the end of that. I had to move popsocket to top 3rd of phone 8. I also have to extend the popsocket and turn the phone to landscape so that the charger sits in the neck of the socket. But, it works and works beauitfully.
Very convenient.
Great Price
Very good build quality and charges relatively fast for a wireless charger.
I love having this as my bedside phone charger - its easy to place my phone on when Im ready to go to sleep, and easier to grab in the morning to snooze my alarm. Charging light is dim enough to not bother me when Im trying to fall asleep.
Great product. Everything they said itv was.  Thanks Mr Billl
Works as expected! I have a samsung s7 with an otterbox case. I typically place it on the charger over night while I sleep therefore Im not sure how quickly it charges.
love the wireless
How these work... I don’t know, but it’s cool
Two of the 3 chargers have gone out.  They replaced both of the defective chargers.
Works great! Ankers customer service is fantastic. Had some issues with my original one and Anker resolved it quickly. The charger works exactly as described. I like the small blue circle light on the front, its very non-instrusive and lets you know its charging. Fast charging works great on iPhone X and S8 Plus.
I was originally disappointed with this charger but Ive updated the review because Anker got in touch with me and set me up with a charger that better met my expectations. This one works just fine, but if youre looking for a higher build quality, true fast charging support and an included power adapter, I recommend upgrading to the Powerwave 7.5 stand. This one charges the phone if you can get a suitable adapter (2 amp or above), but not really noticeably faster than competitors. Its the type of charger youd want to use if you arent in a hurry, like on your desk at work. It is a tad too light though, and I wish it had the grippy material covering the part you put your phone like the Powerwave 7.5 has - that really makes all the difference. Unlike a lot of the similar chargers out there though, Anker is a trusted brand and you can rest assured that it wont damage your phone. Also, their customer service is absolutely amazing - they really went above and beyond to help me, and that alone is reason to continue buying their products.
First crack at wireless charging with my girlfriends Samsung Galaxy S7, and my new S9. Charges fine, reasonably quickly, even with protective cases on the phones. Would recommend....
Works great. I hope it lasts!
it works as advertised. but i’m unhappy with the fact that the phone just slips off it. the surface is very slippery, and i think it would benefit from a grippy texture, at least along the bottom lip. [ UPDATE: 3/19/18 ]: Anker support contacted me and offered a replacement to ensure I had a good experience. I said no, and they insisted on sending the newer/updated model with QuickCharge 3.0. That model fixes the issues I have with this model, and its surface is less slippery. I have increased my original rating of 3 stars up to 4 stars due to the great customer service.
This is the best money I have spent! So easy to use I just love it.
the attention to detail and the outstanding customer support makes Anker  a trusted  name ,i buy their products  and always have good luck with them ,this particular product did not meet my expectations,it does charge my  iphone 8  no issues there but  it does not charge our iphones 6 or  6s i was under the impression that it did that ,so i am disappointed ,i will keep the device since it charges my 8.
Nice product at a great price. Sturdy. Works with either of my two phone cases on.
This is way better than the flat style wireless chargers because it is simply a better way to keep your phone as well as use it while it is on the charger for quick glance at messages. We use this none to charge an iPhone 8 and it works great especially when you pair it with one of Anker Power IQ chargers for faster charging.
First off, I am not paid by or given promotional items from Anker.  All purchases made with my own money. I love Anker products, I own many from Anker 2 and 5 port USB Travel Wall Chargers with IQ technology, Anker Wireless Charging Pad, to high quality braided lightning and micro USB cables and more.  When I need a product like this, I trust Anker.  Superior quality and customer service. I recently purchase the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand, with 5W Standard Qi-Certified Wireless Charger for iPhone X, iPhone 8 / 8 Plus.  This is a no brainier purchase.  Do not need to look further and do not pay more for Branding and Marketing.  I use this with my iPhone X at the office and LOVE the product.  It works exactly as stated, this is a quality product, well designed, fast chargin and you cannot go wrong with this purchase.  I liked it so much I purchased another for my bed stand at home.  If you need more length then the standard cable that came with it, I would recommend purchasing a 2 pack of the Anker 6ft / 1.8m Nylon Braided Tangle-Free Micro USB Cable with Gold-Plated Connectors with are $9.99 (see my review).  You cannot beat the price or quality.  I didnt get a chance to do an unboxing video on this product by will with my next purchase. Update:  After my experience with customer service, I would add another star if possible.  There was a problem that came up with the included Micro USB Cable and after a simple email to customer service I was provided with a solution which was to replace that cable.  Anker promptly, without me asking, sent me out a new premium Anker 3ft micro USB cable.  They couldnt have been nicer and more helpful. Sometimes things happen and it is great to know you can count on Anker to make it right.
Works great -- charges my iPhone X even when it is in its leather case.
Fantastic product I use it with my Moto g2 force with and extended life battery that adds wireless charging. Fantastic pairing. This charger works great and supports my phone beautifully. charges the mod in short order and does not even get the phone that warm, certainly not as warm as a hard cable does.
Great product,highly recommended
The charger is stylish, modern and seems to be made with high quality material. Exactly what you expect from Anker.
Perfect does everything I want it to do. Just wish USB cable that comes with it to power  the dock was a little longer. Otherwise it works fine and seems to be made well. I love Anker products. There stuff is always a step above all the other after  market producers.
I love this product. Works great with my iPhone 8. No more charging cables! Love it!
Works well with the Spigen Slim Armor case for the iPhone X
I had spent a lot of time considering cheaper stands from other vendors. Then I reconsidered. Anker is a name I trust.  I own many of their power hubs.  I have yet to have one of their products fail on me. I am happy with this purchase.  I am using my iPhone X, in its Apple leather case, and there are no issues with the stand not charging the phone. Its not important to me to have a rapid charge with this device so that was not a major consideration.  However, it has worked perfectly for me and I highly recommend this product for your purchase consideration.
I purchased both the Wireless 5 Stand and the Wireless 5 Pad for my iPhoneX.  My iPhoneX has an Otterbox Defender case around it.  When I tried both chargers, my iPhoneX was not charging properly.  It should it as charging for second, then lose connection, then show it as charging again while losing battery life in the process. I removed the Otterbox Defender case and my iPhoneX was charging without issues. I contacted Anker support since both Wireless chargers I bought were causing the same issue.  They suggested I not use the wall adapter that came with my iPhone.  Found a wall adapter not from Apple and both wireless chargers worked when my phone was enclosed in the Otterbox Defender. So if you have an iPhoneX with an Otterbox Defender case, dont use the wall adapter that comes with the phone.
I like it.  It would be better if it didnt get greasy finger prints all over it though but works well.  Does not come with an AC adapter though!
This is a superbly designed charging device.  It work flawlessly, quickly and no annoying lights as in most other units (returned two before learning of Anker and found their reputation to be stellar).  Best product and very reasonable price.
Does what it says and does it well.
It works. You need a fast charger block for this to be a fast charger.
Great product
As usual with Anker products, everything comes beautifully packaged and works flawlessly. Its my 3th product and will keep buying whenever I have a need that a Anker product can cover.
Grabbed this fro my iPhone X (new).  Anger has always been great for me with other products I have bought and this proved to be no exception.  Each to setup and works great. One suggestion for the next gen: make the plug a USB C instead of a Micro USB. Update : I found an issue with this stand.  I moved the stand to my office desk where I use an LED desk lamp.  With the LED lamp turned on, the wireless stand keep connecting / disconnecting the device being charged.  This is definitely a pain. Update 2: Turns out the LED light and the charger malfunctioning was coincidence.  If I unplug the charging unit and replug it in, it will function  normally.  This could become a pain.  Ill update later.  NOTE: I am still using all original components that came with the charging unit,
Great!!
Perfect! No more cables :)
I just got it in the mail and I’m impressed. Deffinetly would recommend buying
Like all other Anker products, this one gets the job done.  I use it at the office to keep my phone charged while Im playing music. Its very well constructed and it works great.  I particularly like the fact that I can charge my iPhone X vertically or horizontally to allow access to the lightning port.  I can highly recommend this product.
Simple and works great. Have a dual layer plastic case- Tuata and it charges through the case. Only downside is it doesnt come with the USB power adapter , so have to use the one that came with the phone.
Bought this to wireless charge my Note 8 on my desk. It does that, except its at a slow rate. My phone doesnt show FAST Wireless Charging like it does with other brands.  Because this wasnt a fast charger and the awesome customer service by Anker, they sent me a fast one at no charge.  That is what I call great customer service!
Anker makes some solid products. This thing feels, looks, and charges great! I highly recommend!
Works great w/ Apple leather case.  Not problems at all.  Bummer it didn’t come with the adapter.  I bought the Anker high speed adapter and it was worth it.
Simple and it works well. Doesnt charge as fast, but I like it on my desktop. It works with my slim case also.(Revised opinion - I was happy with it at first, but now after initially showing it charging I notice it starting to blink of an abnormal condition later. Perhaps it is the case I am using.)-------------- I had it originally plugged in to a hub on my PC where I had some problems as stated previously. But since I have plugged it in to a separate charging station I have had no problems. I have a Poetic slim case on the phone. Anker Direct seems to be very concerned that it works for me. I appreciate that.
Works AMAZING!!!!  Used for my Samsung Note 8 with the Otterbox Defender case on; charges fast and through the case without any problems.  My wife also uses it with her Note 8 with the Otterbox Commuter case.  Will have to get her own because Im not going to let her steal the wireless charger stand from me.  Highly recommend the Anker stand for all your wireless mobile devices.  In fact, I highly recommend all Anker products.
Nice design. I didnt like that there is no wall charger and the USB cable is short. I only can use it with my laptop USB port. I dont like to use it this way. I suggest in the future to provide a 10ft cable and a wall usb charger.
This charging stand is great. Every evening I set my iPhone on it, and every morning it’s fully charged. One less cord across my desk.
Ladies and Gentlemen of the Internet, TLDR: Well priced, excellent form factor and performance, and superb ease of use, this is the wireless charger you must have. I write to you impressed and confounded at how I never thought this would be the thing that changes my thoughts on wireless charging. I work at a very fast-paced job and I keep checking my phone wherever I go. Having a charged battery is paramount to my daily routine. Having to run away from my desk and away from a dedicated location to charge my phone leaves me with few opportunities to ensure that my phone keeps going through the day. This whole situation is what spurred not only my decision to upgrade to the iPhone 8, but also to look into wireless charging. Since the technology is fairly new to me, been around for a while, I was a little bit skeptical. I read lists and watched videos on the subject and came across the Anker Stand youre looking at now. The first time I set this up, I wasnt sure what to expect. I plopped my iPhone down on it, the blue light came on the bottom signaling that it was actively charging the phone, and I heard the inviting "ding" telling me everything was working. I then tried putting the phone horizontally on the charger. Worked. My phone charged at a wonderfully fast pace and allowed me to check notifications easily at a glance. This is exactly what I wanted. I got a call shortly after I needed to take and without even thinking about it picked the phone up and went about my day. Later that night, as impressed as I was, I decided to keep the first charger at home and ordered a second. To my extreme surprise, it showed up the next day! Talk about service. Anker has seriously impressed me and earned a new place in my very tech informed world as a top tier brand with superb products. When it comes to power, I know where Im going from now on. Easily, for not only the charger, but also for quality service, 5 stars. Also, why no photos? My phones on the charger right now. :)
works great for out S6s in otterbox defender and symmetry series cases, like them so much we bought 4
Another well-made Anker product. Charges my iPhone 8 Plus through its plastic case without issue.
I had to send the first one back as it would see my iPhone but not charge.  Anker customer service was great to work with, they got me a return shipping label right away and as soon as they saw it was shipping back to them, they shipped me a new unit.  I like the form factor and it seems to charge my phone quickly from low power, though I havent measured it, I want to say from 20%-100% was under three hours.
I had this for 2 weeks now and I must say it works perfectly and can fully charge my iPhone X over night.
If you are looking for a wireless charger for an Apple 8 or higher this is a great option.  Super easy to setup.  If you have a plug in that accepts a USB port thats all you need to get going.  I have an Otter box for my Iphone 8 and it charges through it no problem.  I dont this this supports "fast charge" for Apple but the charge as is seems plenty fast to me.  The tilted charge angle is great, makes way more sense to me than the flat charge products. The only improvement Id like is a change in the light indicator whens its fully charged and maybe an automatic shut off when its fully charged.  That said, there are no heating problems or anything when sitting on the product fully charged. Overall its great.  Dont overthink it if you are looking for a wireless charger.
I have been looking at flat and angled chargers, this one is perfect.  Could not be more pleased
No issues charging Samsung S8 phones installed in SUPCASE Unicorn Beatle or UAG cases. It wont charge as fast as the corded connection, but none of the wireless charging products on the market can charge that fast.
Works well with an IPhone X with an apple leather case
Just received my Anker wireless charger in the mail yesterday. Right off the bat it looks like quality material and quality packing/box. It comes with one USB cord. Immediately tried it out and put in my Samsung S8 with a OtterBox Defender Series case. My phone charged up right away, no issues, it picked wireless power points right away. I also like the fact that i can charge my phone upright and not flat on its back. It makes seeing the time/messages on the screen very easy. Ive used Anker products for different charging needs and i like their quality. Will definitely buy another be able to charge in different rooms. ***update*** May 2019 My charger has stopped working. When o place my S9 on it, it initially charges as indicated by a steady blue light and my phone stating it is being charged. After a few minutes, the phone reads "wireless charging paused" and the Anker charger starts blinking the blue light. Ive had an Otterbox Defender on my phone and it used to charge fine with no problem.  I tried charging it without the case ,with the same result, with the blinking blue light and my phone not charging. I have bought numerous Anker products because I believe they make quality products. I have had good luck with my other Anker items, but I guess this one just went out.
Works very well. I have an iPhone X in a Lifeproof case and the wireless charging works flawlessly.
Excellent product. Charges quickly and even through a plastic case.
Great little charger. Works with iPhone 8plus inside an Otterbox Defender case. No heat issues as others have reported with stands costing more.
Game changer. My favorite iPhone accessory ever. Just pop it on and it charges. Fast too!
This seems to charge my iphone 8 faster than the cord it came with. Plus the angle it sets the phone at while charging makes it very easy for me to read at a glance. Overall - VERY pleased.
Its great because it charges through the plastic case I have (with credit cards in it). Its also nice because you could put the phone on sideways on the display and watch a video while its charging on your desk.
Great value and very reliable
It’s a great charger. It sits on my kitchen counter and I can charge the phone while looking at a recipe I am cooking. I have an IPhone 8 and the charger is perfect for my rather large phone.
Great charger. Works very well charging the Iphone 8 plus.
works great - even with an otter box
I recently got a case for my iPhone 8 Plus that is capable of being charged via Qi. Having heard from others who had experienced excruciatingly slow charging via Qi, I did my homework and the Anker seemed to the consensus favorite based on reviews. I got it and Im very happy with it for the following reasons: (+) Its a stand. While many Qi chargers are lay down flat, this one props up your phone so you can see your notifications while its being charged. (+) It comes on automatically when you place your phone on. While that may be the standard behavior of all Qi chargers, to me its rather novel given that Im more accustomed to having to insert a lightning cable or tap a button to get my phone charged. (+) Best of all, it charges fast. While not as fast as going through a cable, Im satisfied with its ability to go from 50% to 90% in a little more than an hour. This is certainly not one of the more inexpensive ones. But it its performance certain justifies the added cost.
So far, this product is as advertised.  I have an iPhone X with an Otter Box Commuter case and Im able to charge the phone perfectly.  The charging base feels and seems solid when the phone is on the charger.  To me, was a huge plus, since I like that you can work apps, etc. while the phone is on the charger.  The charger seems to have a good display angle for those using their phone as an alarm clock, which, is something I do.  Overall I am very pleased with this product.
I have a number of Anker cables and chargers and have been very happy with all of them. So, when I was looking for a Qi-compliant charger for my iPhone X, I looked at several models before deciding on this one from Anker. The feature of being able to use it as a stand, with charging effective in both portrait or landscape, was a tipping point factor. Anker reliability and safety was certainly the main factor. There are cheaper Qi chargers, but who wants to risk damaging an expensive phone with a cheap charger? This Anker PowerPort Wireless Stand worked great right out of the box. Some reviewers have complained about the 3-foot cable being too short, but it is a perfect length for me. The 5-watt rating was not an issue for me, as I let my phone charge overnight, and I dont need fast charging. One concern I had was that the charging indicator light would be too bright to have the device on my nightstand at night when Im trying to sleep. Anker obviously thought of that potential problem, because the light is dim enough that it is not an issue. Even the Anker packaging is first-rate. Its almost like unboxing an Apple product.
Charges fine with OtterBox SYMMETRY Case and a good usb charger. At first it was having issues because I was using a 2.4 Amp port of my multi port charger (maybe its not 2.4A at all) but after changing it to the QC3.0 it started charging fine. Havent timed the charge, so I couldnt tell how fast is the charge, but when I need to use it I just leave it overnight.
I originally gave the charger a one star rating due to the 3 ft cord being too short to plug the phone into a wall outlet for fast charging. Anker customer service contacted me and sent me a 6 ft cord free of charge. I am now very happy with the product due to its sleek look, fast charging of my iphone 8 (with a transparent case that is specifically made for wireless charging). It does not interfere with my wifi as some of the other reviewers have stated, and I love the ease with which I can use the phone on my desk to multitask while working on my computer. I debated whether to get the upright or flat charger and am glad that I chose this one. I have used Anker powercores  (external batteries) for several years and have never had any mechanical failures of their products, which is why I chose this one. It is now good to know that their customer service is responsive to any problems or complaints.
Great product!
Functions perfectly for iPhoneX thru leather wallet case. Can place phone vertically or horizontally. Small blue led does not shed much light at night but lets you know phone is placed in right position for charging.
Been using anker products for my wireless needs from AC adapters to power bank chargers. So why not try this wireless pad for my iPhone X. So far it does the job and keep the phone charged. I paired it with Anker powerport 2 elite AC adapter that I bought long time ago and I believed they have a new version now. Didn’t do a test how fast the phone charged but It works even with the phone case so it’s a plus. You can watch videos also while charging due to its upright design. Anker has an exceptional support team and kindly offered a wall charger free of charge, well done guys thank you so much! Get yours today...
Works as described. Super convenient.
Love this product!.  Sticking with Anker I have had a really good experience with it works great!
Love it. Does what it’s supposed to do. No complaints. Using with iPhone X
Great product. Works very well with Otter box Defender case. You dont have to keep moving the phone to try to get it to charge.
I bought this for my desk at work. Its more convenient than a flat charging pad. All I need to do is look at it and will unlock my iPhone X. I can discreetly respond to a text message with one hand. Worksaver!
Real quality build. Would buy again..
This is a great stand charger. It works really well with the phone (S8+) in the vertical or horizontal position. I tried to use it on my night stand but the blue LED is bothersome to me at night. It was also easy for it to get moved too far one way or the other and the charging stops. It does have a nice feature where the blue LED flashes repeatedly until the phone is removed or centered back in the correct position for charging. I use this stand at the office now and works great in that environment. I did experience some weird issues with various wall adapters. The Samsung Adaptive Fast Charge power bricks dont seem to work well with this stand, both the S8+ and S9+. Anker suggested trying a different one and to ensure it has a 5W - 2A output. The Fast Charge adapters have those specs, but I found another Samsung with the same output levels but without the Fast Charge feature and the stand works perfect with it. There must be something in Samsungs Fast Charge adapters that doesnt play well with the stand. Still a solid charging stand that works great with the S8+ and S9+.
Great. Really enjoying it
Great products from Anker plus best support Thank You
This charger worked well and fast enough, i used it with my case on. It charged my phone sideways too, allowing me to use my headphone port or watch videos while charging. I had a pop socket on my case for awhile and it still worked through the case and socket as long as i balanced it right.
I purchased this for my Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with an Otterbox Defender Case on it but wasnt sure if this charger was going to work. I just received the charger and I can assure you that this works perfectly whether its resting on the vertical or horizontal position without it being finicky. I agree with others about the not so bright charging light but that was hardly a deal breaker. Also one has to realize that this is NOT a fast charger and simply charges at a normal rate which is what I purchased it for. I tested the charging rate by putting my phone on the charger when it was showing 70% charged. I went back an hour later and the phone was showing it had charged to 98%, not too bad.
I am using this charger on my desk at work, and it is nice to have a place to sit my phone and get some juice at the same time. It is designed beautifully and works well, but I am removing one star due to it not supporting fast-charging on my Samsung phone - even when using a Samsung fast-charging adapter. And the light wont change from blue to green to let me know the phone is fully charged.
Works flawlessly, no issues with my case thickness, charging time seems to be efficient as well!
As usual Anker products are top notch. Works through thick cases and does not overheat. Holds phone upright for easy viewing.
I bought 2 one for me and one for my wife we love them and I will be buying another for my gaming desk so I don’t have to go back and forth and this charges just as fast as the normal iPhone 8 Plus charger
does the job, just got this the other day and it works great.  The charge is a little slow but that is to be expected with a wireless charger. small and easily portable. not sure how it compares to others or if the price is worth it but for me I am not unhappy with this purchase and as long as it continues to work it will be a good buy.
So far I am very happy with this charger. It charges my iPhone X fairly quickly. I’m using it wit a multi outlet USB charger that puts out up to 2.4A per port. The little LED ring on the bottom only lights up when charging and thankfully it is not very bright. The charger works perfectly with or without a case on my iPhone. I’ve been using it with both an Apple leather case and an iXCC Crystal Clear Hard Cover Case.
i got two and plan on getting more for around the house they work amazing and are really convenient
I really like this charger - it works with the phone standing upright or sideways (horizontal) - a big plus.  From what Ive seen, Anker always puts out a quality product with some thought behind it.
Great wireless charging stand for the desktop.  The phone is visible while charging.
I didnt think that I would love this as much as I do. I have the iPhone 8 and its so nice to be able to come home and place my phone onto this charger. Its nice that it stands the phone up at an angle so when I get a phone call and look over, I can see the display.
This is a brand thats going places. Love the design and functionality.
I’ve used portable Anker chargers but this is my first wireless charger and I am satisfied. It keeps my iPhone X charged at work and the upright position it keeps it in makes it easy to glance at it after a message and activate facial ID.
Plugging my phone to charge is already a no-brainer, but to be able to quickly set it on this stand is even better than no-brainer.  I love that my phone can sit vertically or horizontally.  Its also great for when I want to watch something while I work with my hands.  Its very lightweight.  So, Im planning on taking it on trips with me, but for this purpose, the only thing I might wish for is that the item could fold flatly to fit in my coat pocket, or purse.
Works great through my life proof case! Thanks
Purchase this last year when it was one sale. Works well and we have had no issues. 10/10 would buy again!
Love how easy to set up it was came out of the box ready to plug in and easy to use. Super reliable doesn’t charge my phone fast but it doesn’t charge it slow either. It gets the job done while I’m asleep and everything. Would recommend.
This was my first wireless charger, and the price was nice. Only downside is the wire that connects the base to the wall slips from the base occasionally, so make sure its supported or your base wont connect to the power, but other than that its a great charger
I shopped around quite a bit and tried a friend’s Ankar and bought one. I am very pleased.
Loved the ease of use, and how quickly it charges my phone!
Very good for overnight charging. I feel it doesnt hold the charge as long.
Love everything about it have not fail me yet
Used it now for over 2 years and no issues!!!
Excellent!
This works well for my IPhone. Good value!
Work good
Charges my iPhone 8+ Fast.
I have this in my office and I have had no problems with it.
Works well. Compact
It works as designed.  I can charge phone while I watch videos with it upright.  Neat!
Great product
the charger is a little particular on placement but for the price you really could not ask for a better product.
Recommended
Does exactly what it supposed to do
Easy of use
So easy to use, just make an effort to place the device on the charger properly.
Great charger for a great price
Love it
charges great and dont have to worry about bending the charging cables
Easy to set up amd Works great
iPhone
So far so good! It charges faster than the stock charger.
The product was more than fair
Love it!
I put this by my computer at work and it is great.  With a cord, I couldnt see the screen easily and would forget to keep plugging it back in.  I love that if I pick the phone up briefly to look at it, I can just set it back down to continue charging.  As advertised, it charges more slowly than a cable.  Nice blue light shows when phone is charging.  Works both vertical and horizontal.
I use this at work everyday. Had it for a few months now and it still works well. Charges quickly (faster than hooking my lightning cord up to my computer). Would recommend.
Anker is a well-known brand, so when I needed a wireless charger for my iPhone XR, they were my first choice. Very durable build materials and I love that it’s a standing charger. You can see your notifications as they come in.
This charger works well except for one thing. The power cable sits in its jack very loosely.  If you move the charger even a little the plug will fall out.  You have to plug it back in.
Absolutely love it... for even better charging get the charging cube from Anker!
Love it. Charges my phone easily and fast! I prop it up in front of my computer at work and it charges while I’m streaming music or watching videos!
Really nice charger. Looks good and charges my phone as promised. No finicky placement issues like of other wireless charges Ive used. Bought one then a few weeks later bought a second one for a different part of the house. Will probably buy at least one more.
Been a great product. Have 3 of them around the house. Will not use a cord again!
works with phone case
I constantly was going through charging cables like no tomorrow, I wanted to purchase a stand to keep at work to charge my phone at my desk so I could easily switch my music. I was so happy with how the first one performed that within the first week of owning it, I purchased at another one to keep at my house to charge my phone overnight, this has greatly reduced my need to constantly purchase new phone charging cables and also fast charges my phone when connected to a fast charger 11/10
Works as advertises.  Charges my Galaxy S8 almost as fast as USB C
Its very durable and looks great. Im comfortable with the charge speed however I wish it were a bit faster.
Great wireless charger for the money. Well built like all Anker products. I have 3 of these. Used with iPhone 8 plus with case.
Works as advertised, very sturdy, charges quicker than most other wireless pads, but qi is still much slower than usb-c.
I use this charger with my iPhone XR.  The phone fits the stand with no issues and aligns perfectly to charge.  Youll know when its positioned properly as the phone reacts when in position.  It has a good solid feel and I never once felt like the phone was going to tip over while on the charger.
I bought one for my night stand and loved it. So I bought two more, one for the garage and another to use at work.
easy to use charger. this is my 4th different type of charger from anker. all have been quality products.  5 star company
I like baker products
Anker has had my trust for sometime in their products. Right out of the box easy to set up and use with no need for a manual. Unless you are unfamiliar with electronics and myriads of cables this is easy peasy goodness.
Works well. Not complaints minus it’s not fast.
Excellent product. Charges through my otterbox defender case.
Works great. Keeping my phone sitting on this while at my desk means Im never low on battery and I dont have to fiddle with a cable.
I love this wireless charger will buy another I use it for my iPhone Xs max
Works perfectly.
I said it once. I’ll say it again. We love Anker products. This charming dock is PERFECT! You can even charge if you have a case and pop socket (moved slightly above center)
Anker is the best charging company
Works well. Easy to charge my iPhone.
I am using this product for charging my motorola nexus 6. It was working fine for 8 months and after that it was showing an issue. Each time it used to charge for 10-15 mins and then started blinking the blue lights. Then I have to take my mobile and wait for 3 seconds and put it back for charging. I have contacted the customer service as the product was having one year warranty. They have replied me giving some suggestions to trouble shoot it but it was not working. Then on the next mail they told me that they have sent me the replacement and within two days I have got the replacement charger. They told me to keep the old one or discard it. Excellent customer care and support. I am using anker products for more than two years and everything is of very good quality and first time I am getting an issue like this.
I had a pad charger that my phone just lies on, but it was important to always make sure it was lined up right to start charging.  This one just WORKS when I put it on the stand.  Doesnt have to be plugged in or set in a specific spot, as long as the phone sits on the ledge, it charges!
Love it. Charges fast, good angle, doesn’t slide around or tip over. Will buy another one for home soon.
Slower charging than wired charging
I initially purchased this on Jan but stopped working in June. So, I contacted Anker’s customer service and they provided me with a new one because I told them that on the features it clearly states we have an 18 month warranty if anything goes wrong. Overall happy I got my replacement!
