I purchased this 5 months ago.  I loved it, but then it just stopped working.  I only put my phone on it at night.  Not dependable.  Wouldnt purchase again.
Got two of those, one for work and one for home. Both died in 8-9 months from the day of purchase. I like Anker products, but this is a let down.
Doesn’t charge as fast as I thought it would have. Not bad, but if you want that fast charge you’re not getting it with this product.
I bought this charger with high hopes - and was very pleased with it for the first couple of weeks.  That opinion changed quickly though when it stopped charging our phones recently.  It will "connect" with the phone when its first placed on the stand, but then the connection seems to be lost and there is no further charge.  NOT a good investment.
I though that this charger was great it worked, it was versatile. Was not to bright, then it just stopped working. Changed plug out let’s, cords everything and nothing has worked. Very disappointing. Want to purchase another one but don’t want to waste the money.
I ordered this case for my wife’s new iPhone XR. She was new to Qi charging and I wanted something rock solid to showcase Qi’s capabilities. Docking a device on this station is easy. Just set it on and it’s done. For anyone curious, this stand does not have a front lip to help cradle a device. Quite honestly, it doesn’t need one since it’s angled enough to prevent a device from sliding off. So why only 3-stars? Well, it’s a huge complaint for those who appreciate a dark bedroom at night: That darned blue light for a charging indicator. I have no idea why it’s there considering iPhones tell you when they’re charging. This light is so bright it illuminates our blacked out room with a blue tint. We also have a baby sleeping in the room with us and this light has upset his own sleep. Granted, a simple piece of electrical tape solved it. But the design choice here to include an unnecessary light is a head scratcher. The light is super annoying, and I’ve heard the same from other friends/buyers who coincidentally purchased the same thing.
Ive used other Anker wireless chargers and they all work great! However, this one would not charge my iPhone XR. It would sit there blinking, indicating that it was not charging.
I have brought two of these a few months apart as I was very happy with the first one. That is until the first one stoped charging and would flash on and off, now the second one has. Which prompted me to write a review. I use an iPad charger to power the unit so I know that it gets Plenty of power, and have checked the Apple chargers (which work fine) I hope Anker read this and reach out as it was a great piece of equipment for my iPhone X
The charger no longer charges or barely charges at all. I’ll leave my phone on it for 8+ hours and maybe get a 50% charge? Very weak.
This charger does not work if your phone has a case.  My case is not a think one and my daughters phone just has a thin jelly protector/case.  Would not charge either until we took the cases off.  So just about useless charger.
Phone must not be vibrate mode or Do Not Disturb mode otherwise the vibrate may cause the phone to fall off the cradle.
This review is subject to change.  I will take a moment to be reasonable and explain that I am maybe unreasonably upset about this thing not working. To start, I love the Anker iPhone Lightning cable that I have been using for over two years.  Also, llet me explain that I have fair expectations for a wireless charger.  This is not alien technology.  I have a basic understanding of the principles of electricity.  This device takes 5 volts at 2 amps and outputs 5 volts at 1 amp.  Its not magic.  There are losses.  Im astounded at the number of people that think this will fast charge any where near plugging the device in.  Thats like expecting to be able to fill your gas tank as fast as normal by spraying the fuel through the air across the filling station - trying to get it all in the tank! Long story short.  This doesnt work. Brand new wireless charger.  Brand new Samsung S9.  Device does not come with a wall jack - its a cost saving measure.  Cool. Plugged into the fast charge port on my laptop.  The led blink letting me know it is plugged in - does not charge phone. Plugged into Apple 1 Amp wall brick - same. Plugged into Apple 2 Amp wall brick - ditto. Plugged into no-name 1 and 2.1 amp wall brick with a 12v dongle for plugging into your car - same. Tried all of these with S9 in case ( a very thin Spigen - probabaly as thin as it gets) and outside the case.  Nothing. For giggles, I turned the phone around and I get a flashing led indicating metal is in the way. Everything one of the chargers functions works except for the charging part.  I was excited to use this and had realistic expectations and was even going to get one for the car.  No wires?  Awesome. I loved my iPhone Lightning cable from Anker and have recommended them to numerous people and online - it seems there quality may be going to the wayside now though.
samsung s9 takes approximately 3hrs to charge from 10% to 100%.  I have a charger from samsung that does the same in 40minutes
It charges so slow that i just decided to throw it out. Useless for a iphone xs max.
Had the charger for about a month and a half...worked great, nice to be able to just put the phone on the charger vs having to connect the charging cable to the phone.  Then one day it just stopped working...tried other plugs, outlets...no luck.  I had to send the charger back.
Dont recommend! It only worked for about a month.
Works about half the time. It might charge my phone fine for a whole day of phone on and off charging stand. Other days I might have to unplug stand and plug stand back in one or more times just to get it to charge at all - you notice this by the blue light ring on the charger blinking. The "blue ring of not charging" is happening more and more often. I actually came to Amazon to purchase a replacement charger and realized I never reviewed this one. I have a couple of Samsung lay down style chargers that work 100% of the time. This one is not reliable and works maybe 20% of the time. I will be replacing it with a different charging stand.
They don’t charge. It’ll start charging once in awhile and then stop completely. Wasted my money.
There is no Transformer and the product is useless.
Garbage.  Had to throw away after 6 weeks.
Bought 2 of these on August 2018, as of two months ago only one is working the other charges so slow I put my phone to charge at 9pm wake 4am my phone is now 80% charged I wish I was exaggerating. I thought maybe a different outlet or maybe another power brick and no nothing seems to help I even tried my wife’s phone and it barely charges. When it works it is a very good product even bragged about it and encouraged my friends,family and conworkers to buy one. The working one is still working very well and I love it. Pros: *charges very fast and very well *Affordable *The stand is at an angle so you can see the screen while on the couch or bed in case you wanted to watch YouTube videos etc *light to indicate its changing Con *Didnt even last a year
I bought different brands for the wireless charger and never work. Finnally I bought this Anker wireless charger and it works very well, I bought the second one right after. However, 3 months later it is acting up most of times it is not charge the phone after I left my phone on the charger station. First I thought that I put the phone incorrected position therefore it is not charge, then from that point on I make sure I put my phone correctly on the charger station to ensure the charge signal is appear on my phone, but next day my phone didnt charger full like usual and I have to use the cable to charge my phone the next day.
I use this for an iPhone Xs and it charges incredibly slow. I even bought the appropriate adapter to pair with it and it didn’t seem to help. The wall charger the phone came with works much faster than this. A little disappointed.
This isnt the kind of stand you put your phone on while youre at home for 20 minutes so it can quickly charge up and you can be on your way. This is the kind of stand you have at your desk, where, if youre sitting there for several hours, it makes it easy to check your phone while slowly charging it. Not gonna lie, the charging speed is EXTREMELY disappointing, hence the two-star markdown, but its a solid stand for the purposes I use it for.
It charges slower than my normal phone charger. Still works for what I use it for, easy access at work.
I have an s9+ and this says its charging but it will only add 1% to battery in 20 minutes. It may be because it doesnt sit perfectly flat on it because the charger is too short for a phone as tall as the s9+. I do not think it should be advertised as working for the s9+. I gave my 3 year old Moko generic wireless charger stand to my wife and it works on her s9+ fine.
Only lasted 5 months, then stopped working.
This started out as a great product, but after months of use, it just quits charging sporadically. I occasionally wake up to a dead phone due to this charger. I don’t recommend
It’s simple to use but doesn’t charge as quick as I’d like, but still worth the money compared to the 60$ competitors
Loved it when it worked. First one lasted 6 months. Got it replaced, but went capoot after 5 months. Now it’s just a phone stand.
Well it doesn’t power up anymore lasted about 6 months
Junk. It only works sometimes. The cord falls out if you look it at funny. Save your money.
We have Samsung 5, 8 and iphone. This is a very slow charger for  the Samsung Galaxies. Does a good job for the iPhone but is useless for the Galaxy phones.
I purchased this because I thought it would be easy to use, just quickly set it on and walk away. Thats true. The problem is, I also thought it would charge faster...I was wrong. Im so disappointed. I dont know if I have a faulty one, but it takes hours to charge my phone, which is brand new. I have the 10R, only a few months old. I charge it faster with the regular cord plugged into a usb port. Hmmmm, anyone esle?
At first, I really liked it. It’s easy to use and charges fast. Plus, I like that the phone is upright. But, I’ve had it for about a month  now, and the chord feels lose in the back. Last night, my phone kept flashing and waking me up, and now it isn’t working to charge. However, as soon as Anker found out about this issue, they immediately contacted me and are sending a replacement.
This worked for about two hours. It completely stopped working, dispite using multiple outlets.  Deadzo.  Certainly not worth my $20
I received one Anker wireless charger for my iPhone.  My wife has a Galaxy S7.  They both really work well on this charger, but I just tried to buy another so we didnt have to share the same one and the seller would not sell two to a single account.  So my wife and I have to share one charger.  I didnt see an option to buy a second one even at a higher price, so I asked my daughter to buy me a second one on her account.  Too weird that some of these companies have to keep you from buying perceived good deals a second time.  I would have given them a 5 star but 2 is good enough for customer service.  Find a different company selling this item.
Yep. Was great while it lasted. I liked it so much, I bought a second one. Both died in less than 30 days.Look elsewhere for a charger dock unless you only need one to work for 3 weeks.  Then this one will be fine
Broke within a few months.
The product overall seems fine, but when I plug it in to charge my phone there is a constant electric buzzing sound. Due to this unsettling noise, Ive only used it a handful of times.
didnt even last a year....it already stopped working after 6 months. not sure if i will buy an anker products again
Pretty good.  Charges slower than I expected.
Worked great for a while but stopped working today, no matter what combination of plugs or chords I use. I guess it really was too good to be true.
Dont  buy this product, its worthless.
It was okay but the charging didn’t last long. Ended up dying after a couple of weeks.
Really loved this product until now. Ordered in July and it’s Jan and the product is no longer working properly. Light blinks and does not constantly charge phone anymore
I hjave plenty chargers...Most work fine, except for this garbage Anker standup type. What a waste of money...cant return...Pls dont buy...this doesnt work ..tried both iPhone & Samsung phones....Stay away
RIP to my Anker wireless charger, gone too soon.  March 1, 2019 - June 18, 2019. Likes: charges my phone even with a case + popsocket on. Dislikes: -The phone slips easily when docked.  I had to bolster the bottom ledge with some post-its to provide a larger and less slippery surface for the phone to rest on. -The charger died after 3.5 months, conveniently two weeks after the customer support window closed on Amazon.
The actual charging capability is fine, however the cord that you have to connect to a charging plug (which has to be purchased separately) is only about two feet long.  Its not realistic even for putting on a night stand.  It basically assumes that you are only going to charge it while connected by usb to your computer.  I am disappointed that its not really functional as a charger you would put on your nightstand or any other table.
worst
Stopped charging after one week
Doesn’t last... First one I bought, stopped working and amazon sent another one at no cost. Now couple months later, second one is defective as well. Waste!
It was cool at first but since has stopped working. I started noticing about two weeks after purchase that I had to re-fasten the cord in the back, it just falls out. Now it won’t give a steady charge either. You put your phone on it over night and wake up to a phone with 13% battery. It’s a little light for holding bigger phones but it’s still not an issue just nicely rest it on the holder and your good.
Not worth the price. After about two months every charge is a hit or miss.  Sometimes it will give you a10% charge over 8 hours. Sometimes it won’t charge at all. Very disappointed in what could of been a good product, trying to like it but can’t very unreliable.
very bad charger not charge at all
You would think these would work for more than a year. Stopped working
It doesn’t come with an A/C adapter which I was aware of. So I used a regular one that I use to charge my phone and it over heated the plug(a/c adapter) and the wire was warm. I am extremely concerned that it damaged my BRAND NEW iPhone XS Max that I received as a Christmas present.
This product stop working after using it about a month and a half. I want a refund.
I dislike the fact its not compatible with my cell or other devices, a wireless pad to convert device to be compatible will have to be purchased.
This is not a  fast  charger  for galaxy s10 plus  when i ordered this im pretty sure they had it advertised for s10 plus as a fast charger. Dont waste your money on this
Like: overall look and feel. ease of use. Not so good: I happen to have an AC Adapter on hand, but it seems such an easy thing to include, for that price point.  Cable is a little short, from floor to desk, just under 3 feet.  If you have a taller desk or table, it wont reach.  When the phone reaches fully charged state, it gets hot, and I get a lot of beeping and "charging irregularity" notification from Samsung phone. This does not happen with my Samsung brand wireless changing pad.  It charges slower than my Samsung brand charger, too.
The phone seems to take forever to charge and the battery power did very quickly compared to wired chargers.
Stopped working after 4 months!!!  I bought 3 and 2 have stopped working now!! Out over $40.00 now
This is a good idea but my iPhone overheated the second time I used it. Haven’t touched it since.
This charger works well on my Galaxy S7, and I like that it is a stand and not a flat pad. However, it makes a high pitched whining noise when it is charging. It was fine for a few weeks, and then the noise started. It still works, but the noise is very annoying. I do not have this issue when using other charging pads.
After packing this up to take on trips, the USB micro connector inside the stand itself started to disconnect (or not connect properly), causing it to not charge. Unsure if it was the provided cable, or the mount itself, but otherwise its at the point where I have to jiggle the cord to get it to work, and its getting less reliable further on.
Not good. The product simply stopped working. Now, it sits on my desk as a phone stand and no longer works. Ugh!
It was great when I first bought it. Its only been 3 months and now when I put my phone on the stand, itll charge for about 5 minutes, and stop charging. Anker is usually a really good brand, but I dont suggest this product. I use the wireless charger that is the flat circle, everyday at work, and that one has been working like a champ! Hopefully I can contact Anker to either fix this issue or to issue me another one. Shouldnt have to have this issue within the first 3 months of usage!
I have both a stand up and a disc wireless charger, from Anker. Both have caused my phone to overheat after I picked it up and set it back down a few times, because I was answering texts. Scared the absolute sh-t out of me. I have an iPhone XS, in a hardshell or skin type case. It never mysteriously turns off unless I am using these chargers. Waste of money.
This will simply fall out of it in the middle of the night. It will also take 3 or 4 tries placing it in the cradle before it begins to charge. Switching back to my older charger that works great.
Worked great until it stopped working 7 months later. Not happy at all.
Y won’t this charge with my case on my phone
I loveed this product when I first got it. I bought one for me and one for my husband for Christmas. After two months my husband’s stopped working., Then I looked and  I had missed the return date by one day so it only lasted two months. Very disappointed 
While it was working, it was excellent, because it was position at a very nice angle for viewing my phone while it was charging, and it would charge fairly quickly. I stabilized the position with some double sided tape and found that I could just throw my phone onto it and it would turn out very well. However, I purchased this on July 1, 2018 and as of January 1, 2019 it is dead. If I unplug and plug it back in, it briefly shows the blue LED, and then turns back off again. No charging occurs. It seemed to have happened without any electrical surge or any particular event prompting it, just stopped working.
Worked fine until it didn’t.  Tested the charger cord, worked ok with something else.  Tried the plug, it is fine.  Very disappointed!
Works good with some cases. Did not work with my pelican case. It would be very nice if I didnt have to remove my phone from case to charge it.
It did not work for my iPhone xsmax
Stopped working.
Will not charge my phone And let say I do have a Samsung Galaxy 9 plus
It worked in the beginning but then months later it wasn’t charging properly. The blue light just kept flashing. I stopped using it, what a waste of money! And I don’t like wasting money. I wanted to write a review to advise yll NOT TO BUY THIS sucky ass charger.
Got two and 7-8 months later both died!
Wouldn’t charge my iPhone XS Max. Not easy to place properly to charge and when it finally does it just keeps blinking at you.
Doesnt work for all iPhones
I like this product but I wish you didn’t have to take your phone case off to charge your phone.
Update: Randomly the stand stopped working after a few weeks and an error message said that it does NOT WORK with phones that have a magnetic board on the back (like the ones that you mount in your car) The angle is pretty good  are use it while I’m at work and my battery is almost always charged. I’ve been very happy with this product
Stopped working after a week
I love the idea of this but the cord continually falls out of the charging station and I end up with no battery in the morning.  If the cord would stay connected, it would be a great charger.  Super disappointed in this and we have many other Anker products, this is the first item to be less than I expected.
While this product feels excellent, it does not charge an iPhone X \ XS in a case (Moment or Nomadic case). It starts charging for a few seconds but then stops charging while pulsing the blue light, which can cause you to mistakenly think its charging when its not. Ive woken up to a dead phone numerous times due to this issue\defect and would not recommend this charger specifically due to this issue. I have numerous other Qi chargers that work without issue in the exact same case(s) so I can only assume its an issue with the Anker charger. Look elsewhere if you need reliable charging.
Half of the mornings, I wake up to a phone that didnt charge. This charger IS MUCH SMALLER THAN IT LOOKS so it requires your phone being positioned exactly in the right spot to even have a hope of getting charged. We bought 5 if these and have abandoned them all and gone back to the charging cords.  :-(
Lasted about 6 months then charging allowed down to nothing... Put my phone on my wifes charger (another brand) and it charges quickly again..
Bought this on April 7, 2019...it was dead on May 23, 2019. Goes to show you get what you pay form
it only worked for 3 times, do not buy!
Son liked it but claims that it isnt working now.
I absolutely love this stand for my desk. I never find myself plugging my phone in because it is always sharing while I sit it down. Sadly the charger just stopped charging over a week ago. Lasted around 8 months for me. Would love it to last longer.
I guess I should at least give it two stars for making it 9 months without failing? It "was" a great little charging stand for my iphone 8 on my desk at work, but then it started acting up a few weeks ago - every time I would place the phone on the charger it would indicate it was charging but after a few seconds would randomly stop, start again, stop again, repeating this cycle to the extent that it became impractical to even use it at all. Today it just died completely, not even the little blue light on the front is working. For the price I paid, Im not terribly upset, but its still annoying to have to go find a replacement solution now (one that isnt this unit). Anker needs to devote a bit more attention to its QC department based on my experience and some of the reviews Ive read from others.
Lasted 4 months. No option to return for replacement.
Update 5/28/19 - Anker is on the ball.  They have sent a replacement charger that works again.  Their customer service is top notch and makes me want to try more of their products. Worked fine for about 9 months but now it won’t charge anymore.
I used this wireless charger to charge my Galaxy S9. It died after two months. The blue light indicating it has power would flicker on and off,  and changing the cable connected to it did not fix the issue.
Have had to purchase a connection cord, the other stopped working within 2months
The USB to Micro USB cables that came with this are a bit short so i ordered those separate to reach my desk as it sits up pretty high. This item is only a 5 watt charger. It does not charge fast or rapidly for my phone. from 0% to 100% was about 4 hours or so of charging. Its able to charge my phone through the case i have, however my S7 i have to take the case off of it to charge it. Since i got this item for my desk at work that works fine for me. With Googles proprietary wireless charger you spend more than 60 more dollars, basically just to charge your phone quicker, no thanks. Overall im happy with the product for the price. UPDATE*** Anker customer service contacted me about my review and concerns with the product. They sent me a new charger to see if maybe the last one i purchased was defective. I hooked it up and received the same results as stated above. They pointed out that the reviews for the S7 case i had purchased others were unable to use it for wireless charging. So i think that the product works good and i updated my review to 4 stars due to the help i received from Anker. Overall this is a good product for the money and the customer services is excellent. Thanks Anker.
Bought 2 of these chargers.  Worked perfect until last week.  Purchased Dec 8 - out of box - Dec 25 and stopped working May 8.  No, I would not purchase again.
I put it on the cord and plugged into my regular phone adapter. The phone doesnt charge. It keeps "pausing" like its being taken off the charger whether the case is on or not. Sideays or standing up.  I should have bought a Samsung specific device.
You have to remove phone case to charge phone. Not very strong signal to charge it
I’ve had this charger for about 2 months and it just stopped working.
Doesnt charge my phone as fast as it advertised it would. I can plug my phone into the charger that came with it and it charges faster. I have a Galaxy 9
3 month lifespan
If your phone has a flat back, this should work fine, but if it is curved in any way you might want to try a different style charger...otherwise my husband is very happy with it. He uses an elastic to hold it in place.
WORKS FOR ABOUT 3 MINUTES AND SHUT OFF!  HAVE BOUGHT OTHER ITEMS THAT WERE FINE BUT THIS IS NOT RECOMMENDED BY ME
Charges very very slow!!! Im am so unhappy
I cant believe this didnt come with a way to plug it into the wall... It only went to a USB so now I have to order a seperate power brick to plug this into.
Despite the very slight (and potentially intentionally deceptive) wording difference from their fast-charging Qi stands, this is NOT iPhone or Galaxy fast charging. You need to be even more careful on the other model: there is also a fast charging Qi stand which has fast charging for Galaxy, but not iPhone (though that model is actually cheaper than this one at this time). The fast charger which is both iPhone and Galaxy compatible is $30 at this time.
Hardly works at all. Took all night to almost finish charging my phone.
I really liked my charger while it worked. It lasted about 6 months and stopped working all together. Not worth the purchase.
Worked great for about a month. Now it randomly stops working while plugged in. Nothing wrong with the outlet. Will quit working in the night, I’ll wake up unplug it, move it to a new outlet, eventually starts working again. Very frustrating to wake up with a low batterty when you have to go! I really enjoyed this product, but if it isn’t reliable, it isn’t worth anything...
Doesnt fast charge. Says 53 minutes to charge 20 percent. Same problem on both my s7 edge and note 9.
I don’t know if the charger is defective or if I’m something wrong, but this is not going well.  I place my phone on the charger and it stops charging after a few minutes every time. I have a different charger from Anker and it works great- I don’t know what the issue is here.  I’ll research and update if I find out something different.  As for now, 1 star until this thing actually works.
Quit working after 3 months of light use.
Product stopped working after 7 months....
Loved it until it just stopped working 7 months after purchase.
Way slower than expected.  Not sure it is truly capable of living up to marketing and label claims.
This product was great, until it stopped charging a few days ago. It only lasted 2 months.
I am disappointed with this product. The cord is too short for this to even be convenient. The charging power is inadequate. I am better off using my regular plugin charger. If I could send these back still, I would.
Doesn’t give full charge through my Phone case like my other wireless charger. Bummer.
The product( I bought 2) both stopped charging after 1 1/2 months
I use this to charge an iPhone XS. The charger was functioning great the first couple of weeks. Now it stops charging at random times. When it stops working, I have to unplug it for about 10 seconds then plug it again to the wall outlet in order for the charger to come back to life. It only charges the phone for 25 minutes before turning off again on its own.
It stopped working after 3 months.
This slow charges my LG V35 ThinQ, wish theyd support 15 watt like the belkin one I got recently.
When I could find the perfect spot it worked well but I wound up opting for one that just lays flat
This product did not work at all. I didn’t know this until after Christmas though because the person I bought it for thought it just wasn’t compatible with their device when in reality it does not work with any device that it states it does. Big waste of money.
I really like this charger from its aesthetics and charging ability. But....the charging connector in the back of the station to the cord is poorly constructed (you had one job). If the cord connector get moved around, the internal connection becomes loose and you have to "use a book" or something to position the connection properly. Its pretty annoying.
The product works great when its working. It seems in the short time I have owned it I have to unplug it, let it sit for a bit, plug it back in and see if the blue light turns on. I have had to do this at least 4 times now and is very frustrating when you put the phone on the charger and it doesnt charge over night.
After a single recharge of an iPhone Xs Max, the charger broke with the round front charger light blinking.  No charging occured for the phone when it was placed on it for charging.
I bought two of these back in October ‘18 when I bought the new iPhone. Suddenly one of them no longer charges my phone. I tried a new Samsung as well just in case. Also nothing. I think I’m out of the return range. The other one still works fine.
I have an iPhone X. I’ve had this product for a couple hours. It was working but stopped suddenly. I couldn’t figure out why. Thank God my wife woke me. I unplugged and plug several times and it still didn’t work. Tried a different cord and still nothing. Eventually I started my return on Amazon. In a last ditch effort, I plugged it in and it was working! Put my phone on and went to bed. Woke up this morning and guess what? Phone stopped charging at some point and isn’t charged completely. Going to just get a refund. Stick with the trusty cord or a Maybe get an iPhone specific one.
I didn’t heed the negative reviews when I purchased this product.  This stand works beautifully and charges my iPhone XS quickly—when it actually works.  One week in I woke up and discovered my phone had not charged at all and the battery was low.  I noticed the blue light on the charger stand wasn’t on.  Initially I chalked it up to plugging it into a cheap power strip.  I tried different power strips.  I still had to reset the strip itself to get this thing to start working again—merely unplugging the USB cable from the stand did nothing.  I tried plugging it in directly into the wall.  Same issue.  I can pretty much rely on it doing this at least once a week, sometimes as frequently as after 2 days.  So disappointed.  Buy at your own risk.
If there’s not enough power it won’t work, this is a pain as I have a power strip.
Too long to charge...poor quality....do not recommend it.
This product was good to use while it lasted. However, the main wireless charging dock for the phone no longer charges, while the watch section continues to work for some reason. The dock was kept on a bedside table for the entire time, so no damage was done to the device to cause it to stop working.
The phone doesn’t stay on the charger, 8+ or XR. What a waste of money and I bought two of these, kept one and gifted the other, which is embarrassing. I just recently unboxed mine and found this out. I wish I could return it!
Worked fine for 4 months. Stopped working all of a sudden.
I really liked this product originally, but within two months of buying it (having used it actively during that time) it broke... Now it wont charge at all. When I plug in a cable, the indicator lights up for about 4 seconds and then nothing. Every time, with every cable and plug I try, which means its definitely a problem with the unit itself. I would not recommend buying this item, save your money and buy a different version by a different company!
Mine might be defective. Charges 1% every 20 mins.
Unfortunately this unit works for only a few months, and the warranty from the company is a joke.  Consider it disposable, I guess
I ordered this product and it does not work well. It takes a long time to charge even one percent on iPhone X Max.  Unless it works for other phones, don’t order it for the one I mentioned.  Just save yourself a headache and bothering costumer service even thou they are wonderful.
Description indicates that it will work with phones cases. It does NOT. Had to return as none of our cases worked with it, even when we switched out to thinner cases.
This feels like cheap plastic it uses micro usb
I know now that the last words in the description says no ac adapter... whats the point then?
it stopped and that is it for the unit.  Ordered another type.
Came broken - does not work
I used the included cable with an iPad charging block. It worked for a couple months. Then it intermittently stopped charging.  I ensure the blue light is on, and leave my phone to charge overnight, only to find it dead in the morning.
Worked great with after market charging case but as soon as I upgraded my phone to one with a wireless built in to phone nothing. Now this is useless. Very unhappy
Big Anker fan (especially lightning cables), but I have purchased four of these and two have stopped working. At times, I have to unplug them and then plug them back in to get going again. When they work - it’s a super idea, but I am very surprised by the lack of durability from Anker. Update: they sent me a new one and it works well. Thank you!
I loved this when I got it last September.  But, the past week it has difficulty charging my Samsung Galaxy S8+.  Disappointed it hasnt lasted longer.
Originally this charger was great and recently its been making my phone extremely hot, and rather than charging my phone the battery is actually draining. At 12:10 my phone was at 90% after being on the charger most of the morning (I havent been using my phone, Im at work) and at 12:10 I checked again and it was at 89%. My battery has been draining faster lately so Ive been tracking what could be contributing to it, and looks like its this charger.
It stopped working after a month and half. It’s too late for return. Garbage product!
Product lasted 30 days passed return date before completely failing!
I like that this gives me a place for my phone rather than just sitting on a counter however it charges very slowly.  I would recommend to look for one that says fast charge.
It doesn’t charge with certain cases. I have a few Kate Spades that won’t charge with this charger.
bought this after seeing the one my son had... i was so impressed i bought 2... for 2.5 months they worked great... then, like they were connected - both just stopped working... i tried connecting them to other outlets.. unplugging for a few days... nothing got them working again... the little blue light goes on for 5 seconds and then it dies... so disappointing... im out $45 but you dont need to be... DONT BUY THIS.. its a lot cheaper to just buy a $5 charging cord that will stop working within 6 months.. easier to replace and not as frustrating...
Takes forevvvver to charge my iPhone X. Plus has a short cord and I have to take case off to charge it.
Piece of Garbage!  Like many of the others stated in their reviews lasted 2 weeks and no longer charges my iphone.  Despite lighting up and indicating on Phone connected to charge station.
So disappointed, this is the 3rd charger I have purchased with the sole purpose of charging an iPhone with NO success..works find with Samsung. No dice with iPhone
Did not work as stated
This charger does not work at all. Right out of the box, the cord continuously fell out of the back of the stand so my phone doesnt charge. Last night I replugged the stand into the charger, set my phone on the stand, and then woke up to a phone at 12%. The charger port on the stand is just way too loose so it doesnt stay in. Would not buy again.
Five months after getting it, it doesn’t work at all. I’m disappointed as I’ve always loved Anker products. Definitely don’t recommend.
Worked great in beginning despite too short usb charging cord. Then at 3 months, right after “support option window closed,” it just stopped charging the phone.
ok
Worked nicely for about 5 months then quit charging my iphoneXS
I’ve had this just seven (7) months and it has stopped working. Too late to have Amazon do anything about it, so I’m not satisfied with the length of life for this product. Disappointing.
did not work whatsoever, had to send back. customer service from this brand was very quick and helpful though.
Stop working after two months
Purchased 2. It’s been 2 weeks and only one still works. The other has a slowly flashing light in all conditions and will not charge iPhone.
The charger worked for ONE day but on day two my phone would say "charging slowly" and stay at 22% for half an hour.
I had to buy a longer cable to be able to use it. I paid $10 for it. Didnt expect it to be that small.
Good quality. But charges slower than expected.
It charges glass-back phones that are wireless charge capable, but does so slowly. It is also a stand so I like that very much. It’s a fine purchase, but probably wouldn’t recommend because it charges slowly. Just get a lightning cable.
Be cautious. I ordered this charger and the first one sent to me did not work. I was sent a replacement free of charge. The replacement worked for two days before it stopped working. Possible bad luck, but I would check other options.
Always like Anker products, but this one is the exception.  Place phone on charger and it starts charging, but once phone reaches about 90% the charging pauses indefinitely.  Using the cord that came with the charger and it stops charging with the phone case on or off.  The phone does not get warm, suggestion the over heating protection is not stopping the charge.  I thinking of returning the item and buying something else.  I would suggest others to do the same.
I really liked this charger until it stopped working. I had placed the charger on my kitchen counter and have used it daily for almost 3 months. Today it just suddenly stopped working.  Bummer! Now, I am out $21 bucks.
Its working well at first but one day it just stopped charging all together. (Yes, I tried using other functioning power cables, so it is in fact this devices fault)
I bought this in July and it already stopped working. Just past the return window of course. A charger should last longer than two months. Don’t waste your money! *Update: the company sent another one after I reviewed and that one is working for now. Hopefully it doesn’t stop working after 2 months too!
Update 9/14/18: I was unable to reach Anker and they didnt return my voicemail, but it has only been one day. I was able to solve the issue that caused it to disconnect. I have a very small steel square on the back of my phone. My phone charges fine on ever other wireless charger Ive used, but this charger is more sensitive to it. I decided to pull it off and the charger worked. I was able to find one area that I could fix it to my phone that didnt obstruct the charging signal, so I am semi-satisfied. I think there are probably better options available, but it is an inexpensive charge and I will live with it for now. I purchased two wireless chargers for my iPhone 8. This charging stand and an Anker charging pad. The pad worked fine when I charged my phone overnight. The stand appeared to be working until I noticed that it had stopped charging, even though the blue LED was still flashing. I will try to reach Anker to see if they have a remedy for this problem because I would like to use the stand on my desk at work. Until I receive a satisfactory response from them, this product only gets one star.
Not at all what you think it is. And the cord for it is was to small UPDATE:After reviewing Anker sent me a 6ft cord. Thank you!
The "safety feature" that stop the phone charging b/c of "metal" present is terrible. It prevents the phone charging after it charges for a minute or two even though there is nothing there. You will have to take your phone off the charger then try it again and it sometimes works. You will have to go back and check on your phone to see if it is still charging. Not a reliable charger at all. Id highly recommend a different product.
I bought this in May and it’s not charging.....
Same as all the other reviews.  Worked for a few weeks and now does not charge at all.  Would not recommend to a friend.
Worked great for 6 months then one night I couldn’t get to work and noticed the  charger got so hot that the thermal overload was kicking in and not allowing it to work.
Very disappointed in the product; bought it in July and no longer works
I just got a new larger phone, it consistently slips down and loses connectivity almost immediately. Very disappointed. I have an older model of this same charger which works fine with my new phone because on the older model there is a small ridge which keeps the phone in place. If you have a larger heavier phone, look elsewhere.
Works IF you supply the necessary charging adapter. No, the 5W one that came with your phone will not suffice. It’s really an incomplete product, because you have to buy the adapter for it to work at all.
Not a FAST charger.... Advertised as so... But not
Charges slowly
My colleague bought one, and I saw her charger worked fine. However, the connection of my charger is very bad. It’s too loose to connect, so I have to hold it a little bit to make it work. I believe mine has some quality issue.
It worked great until it didnt. It stopped working on I phone. Is currently working on Samsung phone, but if history serves it will stop in 2 months. My husband love it, he is so disappointed now.  UPDATE: We were contacted by Anker about our issue.My husband had an otterbox cover using this device. There was a small melted area where the cover touched. It quit working. The company gave us an immediate refund and requested we mail them the device and send pictures of the cover. Which we did. My cover on my Samsung S7 was much thinner. I had no problem. We loved the device before it melted the cover. I was thinking of getting my own. Hubs had a very thick cover. I was SO impressed with this company. I will buy from them again. I believe it was the very thick otterbox cover, but I was nervous plugging my Samsung in and walking away. THE RESPONSE OF THIS COMPANY CANNOT BE BEAT.
The charger works with my iPhone 8 Plus, use it every night and it just works, never a problem with the product as a charger. However, the little blue light on the front NEVER turns off while a phone is on the unit, its always there and its very bright for light sleepers that prefer total darkness.  Given this, I do not recommend this product, I have a cheaper alternative (Qi Charger as well) that turns off the light when the charging is complete. Edit: Ankers Customer Service deserves a big shot-out here, they not only replied to my review, but took the time to write to me separately and make it right by me. They understand that I dont like the led light and stepped up to help me in any way they could. Thanks Anker! Standing by your products and providing the customer service you are is really cool.
Within a week it stopped working.
Charger worked great for a couple months and now I get a blinking blue light everytime I place my iPhone on it.  I tried different adapters and cables but still does not work like it used to.  I wouldve recommended this product but it doesnt last very long - not sure about buying a new one for fear that I will have four months of good usage out of it. *UPDATE* After my initial review, Anker reached out for assistance and coordination to send a new unit.  I will say that the customer service of this company is some of the best I have ever experienced.  I still am holding the 3-star rating solely out of the quality of the product not lasting as long as I would like.  5-star customer support though!  Though the product did not last that long, I will say that Anker does make a lot of excellent products - I buy speakers and cables from them as well, so I recommend the company if you are in the market for electronic accessories.
easy charge
Charging speed is slow.
Doesnt work if you use a magnetic phone holder for your car, but cause the metal that goes between your phone and the case will prevent the radio waves from charging the phone.  I return since Id rather have my magnetic mount in the car than a wireless charger at work.
Difficult to secure phone
Suck
Product works but is a VERY slow charge. If you are using overnight, I am sure it would get to 100% but for use at my desk, it is SLOW. I would return if Id not used it.
Charges, but is annoyingly and confusingly touchy. Im using it with an anker cable, and a samsung plug to charge my s8, and the thing is a nuisance. Yes it will charge, but I need to take it off and place it on the stand 10 times minimum before it will actually charge. Every single time, Ill place it on the base, careful to make sure its perfectly centered....and itll still start to charge, then hit me with a blinking light and a "wireless charging paused" message on my phone.  I had two other wireless chargers, random brand ones that worked FLAWLESSLY, and stupidly gave one to my roommate, and one to my dad and figured "hey Anker is a legit brand, theirs should be even better" when ordering this one. Yeah, way wrong, this thing is barely adequate and a nightly source of frustration.
Its not fast charger it take me almost 2 hours to charge My S7 Edge
Just got 2 of them work with my iPhone X but won’t charge my wife iPhone 8 Update Second one after about 10 days stop charging 
The overall look and feel of the case is good, but when you add your phone to this case it makes it very heavy due to the magnet used.  The other issue I had with the case was that it didnt work with my wireless charger.  I had to take the phone out of the case to actually use the charger which I paid quite a bit for so I am not trading the case for it and I dont want to have to take the phone out everytime it needs to be charged.
Product works. It doesnt slide all over the table. The charging is slow. And the blue charging light In the base might bother some that like a dark room to sleep in.
this was not the best charger for the new iPhone wireless charging. it caused my cousins phone to overheat.
Am having a problem with this charger since I am now charging my 8+ I phone on it. It seems to be discharging quicker than it use to be. I could use my phone all day and not have much of a charge decrease when it was plugged into the charger. Has anyone else had a similar experience with this charger?
Didnt work for my Galaxy S6...slow charges my S9.
It will not charge my iPhone X. I plug it in and it charges for a couple of minutes before the blue light goes out and it stops charging. My husbands Apple charger doesn’t do this. I’m so disappointed I wanted to love this since I usually love Anker products.
Does not charge my iPhone 8
I used this charger for one day, pretty good quality. The next day it was shorted out and didn’t work at all. Will not be buying again.
I purchased one as a test for the Samsung Galaxy S8s my wife and recently upgraded to. While both our phones will charge, they do so very slowly. Its only providing about 1% per 7-10 minutes. This is without using the phone at all. I havent tried changing either phone without the OtterBox on so I cant say how much of an impact that might have.
Only get this if you want a blue light shining in your bedroom all night, dummy.
Update: Anker promptly refunded my money without my asking and were great about it. I am not 100% sure if it was the charger or something faulty with the phone because  Apple replaced the phone with little difficulty. My only caveat is that if you are using the product and your phone gets really hot to think twice before leaving it on the  pad overnight. I used this product for a few weeks with no issues except I noticed it made the phone warm if I left it on the stand overnight. This should have raised a red flag for me. The other night I woke up in the morning and my phone was quite hot and would not turn on and remained warm for a few hours. I had to get a new one and am grateful for AppleCare. Also I was using the standard white 5w brick that comes with the phone so jt wasn’t the power brick. Bottom line do not buy this product for an IPhone unless you want to go through the hassle of replacing it.
Didn’t work with case
Phones don’t lay flat against base. It’s at a  slight angle so there’s a gap between the phone and the base at the bottom. This is annoying because if you try to tap the phone while it’s on the base the phone wobbles incessantly.
initially I used the small brick that comes with the iPhone X, but it stopped working halfway through the night. The blue LED was no longer lit. I started using the larger brick for the iPad, and it works fine. This is only my second day with the charger. Will follow up.
Wouldn’t recommend it unless you can wait hours for your phone to charge
Absolute junk. Didn’t even work for a single day. Connection was finicky and the charge was absurdly slow.
It stopped working as soon as it passed its return date
Not the "fastest wireless charge" by any means. Should have read more into it but this is NOT a fast charge device. Even went through the trouble of getting the appropriate wall outlet charger with enough  wattage to no avail. This is just a regular speed wireless charger.
I will be checking into a return. I never could get it to function. I thought I was doing something wrong so I went to my phone provider Verizon and they couldnt get it to work either.
First week worked fine. Stopped working after that. It will sometime charge and sometime it wont. You have to unplug the charger and plug it back again to make it work for 30 mins. It will stop working again. Very low quality product by #Anker @Anker
price is hig Do not charge fast
Ordered this product with the expectations that it will do great at charging my phone compared to the traditional charging route and I was HIGHLY disappointed! The product is pretty self-explanatory. However, it does not charge my phone rapidly as it claims. Attempted to charge my phone using the device a couple times and it would take forever. I’m always on the go and thought this product would best fit my needs but it did nothing. I went back to charging my iPhone XR with the iPhone usb it came with while this product and my money has gone to waste as it is now sitting on my shelf. Not sure if I received a defective one or what but will not recommend anyone purchasing this. Maybe spend some more and invest in a better wireless charger.
Got this product in February. Picked it because I have had good luck with Anker products in the past and I liked the design. Worked great for 10 months but suddenly stopped working. Tried swapping out the cable for one I know works but that didn’t help. It’s s good price, but  feel like it should last longer than 10 months.
This looked and worked great until day five. Today I set my new iPhone 8 on it to charge, and after 5-15 min or so, the blue light goes from solid (charging) to blinking (not charging), after only adding maybe 5% battery per instance. It has already happened five times this morning. I showed it off to friends and coworkers through yesterday too, I hope they didnt listen to me!
Además de ser lento en la carga, no la realiza completa, el iphone queda con un 75% de su carga y no pasa de ahí.  Mejor no compre este producto.
I replaced this item with the foldable type which alows me to adjust the angle and work on the phone while charging. Foldable takes much less space while traveling.
Not working on an S9 plus... It does say it is compatible though... the flat charger works but this stand one does not. I get the "Wireless Charging Paused" error. Returning it.
Died after a month and a half. Won’t stay on and doesn’t charge phone. Not happy.
The base that you sit the phone on isnt very thick making it hard to fit phone with a case on it. Charging wise though it does a good job. Id just recommend getting the flat one instead of this if you have a case that adds thickness to the phone
I have another wireless charger from a different brand and loved it so I got this thinking it would work about the same. Unfortunately the charging speed on this with my iPhone X is so abysmal that the battery level doesnt even increase.  It seems this puts out enough power to keep the battery from dropping and thats it.  The light comes on and the phone indicates that its charging but never goes up. This is with the apple 12W power adapter.
Charges really slow and iPhone slips often.
Should have heeded the reviews that said the charger stopped working after a few charges.  First charged 100% 3-4 times, than 80%, and now will not charge at all. Back to plugging the phone directly to power source. Sigh!
Tell me again how I can leave my case on? A plastic case. Nothing crazy, not an otter box, just a cheap plastic case. No metal of any kind. Does not work with the case on. Better yet, had a friend try hers... see through clear plastic case. Did not work. Works GREAT without a case on. Charges much faster and would be so amazingly convenient if I didnt have to take off the case every time.  I am so disappointed.
Will not charge through a thin UAG case.
It worked fine for maybe a week but now it does nothing.  No light, no charging, nothing.  I had thought the wall socket might not be working, but I checked and it works fine.  I rechecked the cable and plug to see if they had a problem, but they work fine in other devices.  Yet other reviewers claim they work great.  This leads me to believe Anker has poor quality controls.  Its not worth risking your money.
I am hardcore fan of Anker products. I posses many of its products. I love their built and quality. I wanted to buy one wireless charger for my new iPhone X so I placed an order today without looking at specs and reviews as I blindly love Anker products. After couple of hours of placing my order, I was browsing Amazon and I started reading reviews of this product. I was surprised to read about disappointing reviews of this product. I never ever imagined that Anker product can be lousy. I still can’t believe it. After reading reviews, I decided to cancel my order for Anker wireless charger. I am again looking for wireless charger. Don’t know what to buy.
The charger worked great for about a week. It now works on and off,  every few minutes it stops charging then starts charging again,  not sure if this is a good thing for the phone circuit and battery.  Anker products are usually very reliable, disappointed.
This product was really good at the beginning but after about a week of use I would set my phone on the charger befor I went to bed it would be charging but sometime throughout the night it would just stop charging and I would wake up in the morning with my phone that wasn’t fully charged. To make it work again I had to unplug the cord from the charging brick and plug it back in. It is very unreliable.
I had a seneo fast wireless charger which didnt last a month before it stopped working. So I bought this Anker to replace it. The material is more durable but it doesnt fast charge. I plugged it into my fast charge AC adapter and a non fast charge adapter. Neither one showed any difference. I was needing to charge my battery quick before work and so I placed it on the charger. Is said 3 hours and 38 minutes to full charge. I took it off and plugged my phone into the cord to charge and it said 1 hour 18 minutes to full charge. Thats a huge difference for speed of charge while using the same adapter.
I am going to return this product. I own a Samsung Galaxy S8 + and after 2 hours on this charger it only charges 20% from 15%.... after 2 hours on my original charger it is fully charged from 3%. Im very disappointed
Purchased 4 of these for home and office.  Really like the set-up, but 3 of the 4 have stopped charging. Super disappointing, and now I have an errand to return. I hope to find a reliable solution in this sane stance/set-up Update: Anker was very helpful. Tried to resolve the issue. Even sent me one of their adapters, but still no luck. Wish it would have worked out. Thanks anyway anker.
Bought this and on day one it fried 2 charging bricks and wont charge an iPhone or Google Pixel 3. Will be returning.
Returned
Lasted less than 90 days. When it failed would power up for about 5 seconds then shut off. Tried different cords and wall adapters and no change. Conviently happened right after the return window closed. I would look elsewhere for a wireless charger.
Bought 2. One works great. The other is flaky. Indicator on the front starts blinking and will not charge as soon as I remove my phone. Nightly, I have to unplug, re-plug then phone charges fine. Goes back to blinking and not charging the following morning. A small inconvenience but still irritating
First off I’m a big fan of Anker products, I love their portable battery chargers and have use them for years. I brought this product hopping for the same home run and was quickly disappointed. First off the charger only comes with USB cable only, NO wall outlet plug. This limits where you can set it up. I tride using my apple outlet plug, but for some reason it would stop charging whenever  I used it, but works fine when I Use a USB outlet. I hope in the future Anker will provide a wall plug with charger.
UPDATE: I initially rated this charger 1 star. and it probably still should be. However, our unit must have been defective as (after about a week) it charged like 10 or 20% in over 2 hours from 0% battery. I contacted both the seller and Anker directly. The unit was returned for a refund and they actually sent me their better version of this which is a 10 watt charger. So far the new one has performed much better than this one. I dont recommend buying the 5 watt charger. For the initial first week we owned the 5 watt version it did charge, but seemed to be rather slow, approximately 1/2 speed of the Samsung S9+ OEM charging cord. The new 10 watt charger is still a little slower than the cord, but not by much. Great customer service and we will see how long this newer one lasts. so far so good! Not overly impressed. This charges about half as fast as plugging my phone in to the normal charger. If you dont care how fast it charges this is a fine option. Otherwise buy something with higher wattage. From an empty charge my phone says it will take 3.5 hours to charge on this wireless charger whether the case is on or not. If i plus it in to the OEM charger and cable it will only take about 1.5 hours. Update: after 2 hours and 15 minutes it made it to a whopping 10% charge from 0%. This charger is almost brand new with the supplied cord. I tried 2 different wall plugs neither of which were for an iPhone (Anker says not to use an iPhone wall plug). Save your money! I really wanted this thing to work and had high hopes.
can charge both vertical and horizontal (center evenly)  BUT does not keep up with charging when in use.
Disappointed. Tried it with three different brand new samsung wall chargers and it didnt fast charge
After using it for it for a month, it’s ok You have to set it down just right or it will fall off. Gave it to my spouse since her case is smaller Original lost Have a iPhone Xs and it charges through the case which has 2 credit cards. Can’t ask for more then that.
Such a short cable. Going to have to buy a longer cable just to plug it in and put it on my night stand.
UPDATE: Great customer service. Anker is sending me a replacement charger. I will update my review again once I give it a try. Sent them pictures to help, glad to see a company that cares about their product and customer experience. I like the method of charging but this is cheaply and poorly made. It randomly quits charging and started doing in a couple weeks after I bought it. If I jiggle the cord around I can get it to start charging again but it usually turns itself off again. I got another charging dock from this company and it just suddenly died altogether after less than two months of use. Tried to review that product but amazon doesn’t allow reviews of it. Very disappointing.
It should have lasted longer. Bought in June, it died November 5th and it was ONLY used at night. Guess Ill tey another brand.
Does not charge my iPhone X or my iPhone Xs Max. My belkin and other qi chargers work fine. i ordered a second one for my buddy and his charged his iphone X  a total of 10 percent in 7 hours. anker has yet to respond. i will keep this posted, and i will continue to contact anker & amazon to report these business practices. customers should feel safe and confident about what they buy. but if you like burning money and taking a negative face roll, then please buy an anker and ill say i told u so. ANKER GET IT TOGETHER!
I received 2 of this item (Anker commendably sent me a replacement after the first one failed) and they simply bricked themselves within a week of arriving. There is some sort of design flaw in this item - do not buy it!!! Really strange for Anker, as Ive never gotten anything but quality from them in the past.
Wireless charger keep draining the phone battery instead of charging it. It start charging the  phone as soon as place on the charging stand but then it quit charging and go into paused mode. That will drain the phone battery
bought for nexus 5 and it charges in 1 minute intervals and then just turns off. Very disappointed! i have had cheaper chargers that work better, and no i dont have a case on it.
Bad if you have a fat bulky cases doesnt hit the charge spot at all.
Makes clicking noises and high pitched noise while charging phone.
Doesn’t charge, just drains battery. IPhone 8 shows that its charging, but battery charge goes down not up.
I really like this charger, when it works. I read all the reviews saying use the supplied usb cable, which I did along with an iPad 12watt charging block. When this thing works it’s great but there are WAY too many times that I put a phone on it, see that it’s charging, only to come back and find that the phone quit charging. BOTTOM LINE- BUY A DIFFERNT PRODUCT!
The charger is good. The only problem is that the cord is Tooo short and I didnt know it had to stay plugged into an outlet when u charging your phone. Other then that its ok. I really dont think I would have gotten it if I knew this.
Doesn’t charge a Nexus 5x. Christmas present and can’t be returned
The cord provided is only 3 long.  Recepticles are normally 12 apart. hence the reason for 6 cords on appliances. It work so far.  I just wish the cord was longer. I guess Ill buy another cord of the proper length.
It needs a little texture to really hold the phone well
I purchased both this and the lay flat round model.  This stand model will not charge my iPhone XS through an otter box symmetry case.  The lay flat model has worked like a champ,  Returning this and getting another flat one.  (And it is cheaper too!) UPDATE—- I have change my 1 star to a 3 just because of how amazing Anker is to do business with and how they stand behind their product.  Within hours of posting my review and requesting a refund, they reached out to me because of the “trouble” I was having.  I have never seen such outstanding service for a sub $20 product!  Anker has become my “go-to” brand for mobile accessories!  It is refreshing to find a company that really stands behind their products today!
When it worked it was great.  However, for the last month it has just quit off and on for no reason.  Very frustrating when you leave it and think your phone is charging only to find it didnt charge at all.....  I wouldnt recommend this charger. Okay, an update since I first reviewed this product.  Anker customer service reached out to me and offered me a free replacement for my charger.  I really appreciate that they stand behind their product and the fact that I didnt even have to call them or beg them makes this especially notable.  So far the charger is working perfectly!  I will update this review again in a few months and if the charger is still working perfectly then I will change this from a 4-star to a 5-star review!!!  Thanks, Anker, for GREAT customer service! UPDATE...  Well, unfortunately, I have to downgrade my review of this product.  I had the same problem with the replacement phone charger as I had with the original purchase.  It worked great at first.  Then, for no reason, it just quit working.  So frustrated with this device because when it works its great and very useful.  Going to have to check out other brands as this one just isnt worth the aggravation!
It doesn’t work properly...
Would not charge the Samsung S9.  It picked up the charge, held it for about 3 seconds then it stopped.  Tried it for a few days to see if it was just user error but apparently this is common with S9 phones and this device from what Ive read from other reviewers. Update:  Changed it from one start to two. Anker reached out to me to find a solution.  They ended up shipping me their 10W Wireless Charger which subsequently nearly fried my S9 (it got very hot) and also didnt charge the phone at all.  The only reason for not giving a one star to both products is that they have good customer service and that should count for something.
I used this product for my iPhone X. It worked great! Until one day I brought it along on a trip and in my bag the cable vent inside the stand. It will not charge now. This might be a “my bad” situation, but I do wish it were more durable. It has a good charging time, and it’s very pleasing  aesthetically while on a desk, I just would like to see in the future better durability.
I bought 2 of the chargers one for my and one for a gift.  Mine worked for one night and now is not working.  I really hope that the one I got for a gift is better than the one I got.  Maybe I should just return them both
Wish it would charge faster; will hold on to it for now,  ut could have invested elsewhere.
It will charge my phone for one second and then stop charging after.  This is brand new.  what the hell
Not much more to say about that!
First of all I love  Anker products and will continue to buy them. This charger does not work for most users that have a case on their phones. My wife, daughter, and myself have different manufacture’s cases on our phones and  none of our phones were able to charge with the case is on.  Once we remove the cases the charger did however work.  If I have to remove the case every time to charge my phone I’d rather just plug it in to the wall. Plus If I had to remove my phone case every time I believe it would make the case less rigid and my phone more prone to break after the case  weakens.
Just stopped working.
The product is cheap, it worked for 2 months!
UPDATE: Anker apparently monitors the reviews closely to provide quick customer service, because within 12 hours of writing this review I received an email from them through Amazon asking for more information on the problem and offering a very reasonable solution. I gave them a detailed explanation including videos and pictures and descriptions of the phone and power supplies that are part of the equation. When the solution they propose has been realized, Ill update again with my overall impressions of the product and the company. ORIGINAL REVIEW: Im sorry to say that this does not work for my LG G7 ThinQ. I place the phone on the charger, it starts charging, and then it stops charging after about 5-10 seconds. Then 5-10 seconds later it starts up again. Then 5-10 seconds later it stops again. And so on and so on. I tried removing my protective cover to place the phone directly on the charger with no result. I made absolutely sure the phone was positioned in the middle of the charger. I even went out and bought an Anker PowerPort II. And sad to say that the result has been the same failure every time. I bought this charger because of all of the positive reviews. But I seem to be that guy that it fails.
I loved this at first .....but I just bought it on May 28 and it’s already giving me issues about being temperamental on charging. The Cord that plugs into it seems to not be the right size fit? It charges well when it actually works. Just wish it worked all the time like it’s supposed to.
Sadly I’m returning this. It doesn’t seem to properly charge my iPhone 8. I’ve tried repositioning it, all of that. It just doesnt want to want to properly
This is a regular 5 watt slow charger, didnt realize until I looked at the specs. Make sure to get a 10 watt one if youre looking for fast charging.
Although this charger works on my wife’s Samsung S9, it is super slow charging
We have Samsung Note 9s, and Galaxy 9s and they all charge slowly on this charger. I have 4 Samsung oem wireless chargers that quick charge as expected. While using the same cord and power adapter that works fine with the Samsung oem wireless charger, this Anker charger struggles with non quick charge. What the Samsung does in 1.25 hours takes the Anker over 3 hours. Id recommend getting the Samsung charger and save yourself an Amazon return.
Doesnt charge upright through the case.  Randomly will not charge horizontally even though its in the same position that worked previously.  I thought I was paying a little more for quality, but I was mistaken.
This worked fine, but I had to provide my own wall plug. This one just comes with the usb part. Maybe the description says that, but it seems really stupid to not include the entire thing it needs to work.
I have an iPhone XS and when I place it on the charger it begins charging, but only charges for 5-10 seconds then stops.
Lasted only 1.5 years before the connection shorted out and will no longer charge.
The charger is supposed to be fast charging and its not its slower than the normal cord
Looks great how its packed. Once its plugged, if you have a car magnet or plate on your phone, this will not work for you.
It seems that when I use this it drains my battery instead of charging it.
Marketing fluff is very misleading, this does not support any kind of quick charging function. If the specs don’t say 9V, then it won’t quick charge. May be a little faster than a run of the mill charging stand, but they need to be more clear that this does not support actual QUICK wireless charging. 2nd stand I’ve had to return this week because of over-hyped marketing.
It only charges my s7 edge up to 83%. Was going to return it but I threw away the box.
I am dissatisfied with this product because the cable fits loosely and comes undone  with the slightest movement.
This product is VERY small, about the size of a iPhone 5... If you have an XR or XS MAX I would not recommend. It works but just very small and not convenient. It also has a very short plug.
I have had this wireless iphone charger for less than a week.  Already stopped working.  Dont waste your money.
It was great until it just quit working for no apparent reason after less than three months
Worked great at first but no longer works after only 3 months.
I bought this along with a 3.0 fast charger power adapter. It only works about half the time, Ive tried it with and without the 3.0 plug so I know its not that. Ive also never got the fast charge to work. Seems to be a nice quality just wish it was more reliable.
works sometimes, and is a very slow charge compared to my other wireless chargers.  I have tried different plugs and different outlets, with the same result.
Amazon thought my first comment was not good, so they declined it.  I rated a 5 star.  Not for that reason and other bad experiences I have had with this product.  I have a chance to really voice my thoughts.  I give it a zero.  It broke in one day of used.
Received March 2nd and loved it. Quit working on may 30th. Not even 3 months. Don’t waste your money.
What a great video. I received my item in a timely manner. I opened the box plugged it , set my phone on it without the case and the blue light kept blinking. It never charged. I returned it ASAP. I will do a better job of reading reviews.
I love the ease of charging wirelessly, and I love Anker products. But this charger has some issues; if I set my phone down (sometimes) it will start charging and immediately kick off, leaving a blue flashing light on the wireless base. Then I have to remove the phone and replace it on the base (and repeat until it finally works).
Makes a weird, soft chirping noise when the phone is charging. Somewhat irritating. And why?
I bought my Anker wireless charger because my cousin recommended this product to me. I thought it would be a good idea since its more convenient and I wouldnt have to keep plugging in the wire to charge. The wireless charger stand was working fine when I first got it, but started to slow down and ended up taking a long time to fully charge my phone. One day it just stopped charging. I dont have any magnetic mount attached to my phone, just a phone case, but it stopped charging my phone. Now I am back to plugging in my wire to charge my phone. I usually trust Anker products since I love their portable battery packs and it is a good gift to my friends and family, but disappointed with the wireless charger.
Broken in 2 months. Does not charge the phone any longer, will not respond to being plugged in. Disappointed in the quality and longevity.
My daughter recommended Anker to me and I really like the design. I can use it as a phone stand on my desk when its unplugged and my iPhone doesnt need charged. However, it charges my new iPhone Xs Max so slowly that it can sit there all day charging to get to 100%  It charges about 10% per hour - literally, I timed it. My phone case meets the requirements so I must have gotten a defective charger. I am disappointed. I am sending it back and will use the Apple cord/plug that came with it since that charges my iPhone a whole lot faster.
Ive always liked Anker products, Im not sure whats going on here.  Bought one for wife, its worked fine.  This is the second one Ive purchased.  1st one DOA on arrival, 2nd one lasted 6 days then quit charging.  Both my wifes phone and mine are identical (iPhone XMax).
The charger makes a sound.
I got this as a gift and was really excited to use it. However it did not work. I tried leaving my phone on it for a while but got the same result. My ohine showed that it was charging but the battery percentage remained the same even after leaving it on for a long time.
Doesn’t charge my phone as fast as the cord. Place it on this charger around midnight and it’s only 75% by 6am.
This charger stopped working after three months.  Was only used to charge my phone at night.
Have had this item since June!  Great idea and concept but my cable has now failed!  I tried to do a review and curiously they have blocked the ability to review item. Update:  company sent a replacement cable but it took me some doing to find them and get the replacement.  Glad they sent it and that it works now!
Charged phone twice and now it turns off after less than a minute doesn’t work had to return
Bottom portion of phone that the phone rests on is terrible. Way too small and slippery, especially with any phone case. Once placed perfectly on holder, phone will slide off and stop charging if you push any button on the phone.
It takes forever for your phone to charge. Not impressed.
I just bought this wireless charger for my lg thinq7 phone and while the build quality and overall design are what I have come to expect from Anker, the device performs less than expected. My phone actually loses power faster while on the charger than off. I dont know if its my phone,  the walwarts, or the charger itself.  Ive tried two different plugs both rated to 5w2amps and it still happens. Ive taken my phone out of the otterbox defender case with no change. Ill try it for a few more days but at this point it looks like it either doesnt work or my phones wireless charging capability is borked. Not sure how to tell which without another charger so this one may go back sadly.
Had it for 2 days it’s not charging. Already through the box away. Going to return if I can.
I use Samsung S8 galaxy and it doesnt support fast charging. I am disappointed!!! Also, I use my original Samsung AC adapter for the end and it still takes 2 hours to charge my phone. Update: I ordered the AC adapter form anker and it is still taking way too long.
Stops charging after about 10 minutes. After that I have to unplug for a few minutes and try again. If it doesn’t work, I unplug it again. Eventually my phone will get to 50%. It’s the same in either direction and without a case.
Definitely not a fast charger! S7 edge 5 hours later got 78% Theres nothing wrong with my phones battery
I love the fact that it is an upright charger as opposed to the flat ones. I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 and it works fine with this charger. (FYI it should work with all S7 and later generation Galaxy phones plus fairly recent iPhone models.) Only complaint I have is that it is a slow charge. I have it on a lightning cable as well as the lightning plug, but it is still very slow. So I mainly use the charger when I go to bed at night when I dont need a quick charge.
it worked fine for the first week or two. Now it won’t hold a charge on my phone
The charger would not charge the iphone Xs Max when the phone was powered off AFTER placing it on the charger stand. As long as the phone was powered up it would charge ok. However we had the stand on our nightstand and like to keep the phone off. If you shut the phone prior to placing it on the charger the iphone will power up automatically. Will edit this review after a few months of use after we have the replacement 12/14/18: Received the replacement today and I am sad to report that the second charger also would not charge the iphone Xs Max when switched to off position after it is placed on the stand. Called Apple Genius and was told its not a apple product issue. Tried to charge the phone on a Seneo wireless stand charger and that worked perfectly for the same phone. It had to unfortunately be the Anker charger. Used anker products before and its sad to see that they did not have a good product here.
I purchased this product on August 21 of 2018 and unfortunately on December 11 of 2018 it no longer works. Plugged in with both cable and connectors in good shape, does not charge anymore
I liked it at first it charge through my case but two days in it doesnt charge anything anymore with or without a case. I would not recommend it, its not working anymore. After only two days
It stopped working after few day! So much waste of money! Now it’s just a mobile stand used for video call :(
I thought it would hold enough power to charge two cell phones but could only charge one and very little on the second phone.
I seen the really great reviews and I ordered it. Unfortunately Mine would take all day to charge only 50 percent . It worked well for about a month then not so much. I use it as a stand now.
Stopped working in less than 30 days.
Very cheap plastic. Does NOT work with my Galaxy S8. Will recognize phone and charge for 2 seconds, then an error message that says "wireless charging paused" appears
DO NOT BUY ..... Worked only for 1 month and 3 days now it is 2 days passed the return date.
It works great for my husband but I have a small ring on the back of my case and it won’t charge through it.
When I received this product, it didn’t function properly, however, the customer service department at Anker sent me a replacement that now works fine. There was some delay while items were shipped back and forth, but I am quite satisfied now.
This wireless charger will not charge an IPhone 8 or an IPhone 8 Plus. I also tried to charge a Samsung Galaxy 7 and will not charge it. This product is a dud.
This 2 Coil wireless charger either doesn’t work or came defective. Hope it’s the latter, but im really disappointed. The bottom coil doesn’t work at all and the top coil seems to drain my battery instead of charging it.
This works fine. However it feels exceptionally flimsy. Im really disappointed that it doesnt represent the quality that I expect from Anker. The whole thing doesnt feel sturdy or solid. It wont take much to break this.
had a couple issues with some but when they found out they were very helpful in replacing these i did buy two of them and they are working fine great buy and easy for my kids to put my phone on the charger lol
Does not work with an Otterbox case
The charger is overall slick and nice, and love it. However I think a 10W wireless charger is better for me since I’m always on the go (which is the one I meant to get. This charges a little to slow for me. I’m wondering if I should just get a 10W wireless charger or buy a quick charging wall adapter for this one to spend the charging time up
Didn’t work out of the box for an iPhone 8 Plus without a case, nothing in between phone and charger. Updated: After returning it, Anker reached out directly to me to resolve the issue.  Great customer service and very responsive.
Anker doesnt even provide you with the actual wall charger!!!  Are you serious?  How much would that cost to provide?  In fairness, the title does indicate this so that is partially my fault.  My bigger issue is the length of the cord that they provide.  It seems to be about two feet.  That is absurd.  How many people have their power outlet two feet from their desk where they want to charge their phone?  Unacceptable.
After having it for a month it stopped working. I tried multiple cords as well as outlets and nothing worked.
UPDATED: the first one works okay but the 2nd one stopped working. Poor quality control. Would definitely not recommend. Perfect charging stand for my new iPhone X. Have it connected to the dock for my MacBook Pro. Never have to worry about low battery now as it’s a no brainer to place the phone on this while working.
There is no power block included with the usb cord and you are not supposed to use android or iPhone power blocks. Needs 5V 2A power of some other origin
Headline says it all, went to bed at 25%, woke up at 78%, I’m using a 2A/10W brick - this could be iPhone X related which is why I’m not 1-staring this, big fan of anker but this particular charger isn’t cutting it, not sure if it’s because I have a case, but if it is, then they shouldn’t advertised it’s case friendly or for iPhone X
This item died after 2 weeks. The blue light turns on then off within 10 seconds. This is not the charger you want regardless of if amazon claims it’s the best seller.
Worked great for a little over a month and now will charge for 20 seconds, then stop, then charge again, and repeat the cycle. Really disappointed in the product and it is just out of the return period. It looked great, worked well, but ended up being a disappointment.
I bought this for my iPhone 7 Plus and it doesnt seem to recognize it and therefore does not charge it. It works well with my Samsung 6 Edge Plus though. Not sure if anyone else is having the same issue as I am with the iPhone 7 Plus.
Was hoping this would charge as fast as the factory wired chargers and it didnt. Returned.
Went against my better judgement buying this after reading the negative review about this charger not working. Well, I shouldve known better because withing 60 seconds of unboxing it and putting my Galaxy s8 on the charger, it begins charging normally and then after about 5 seconds the light starts to blink and charging has stopped. Whats going on Anker? Ive come to trust your products but this is just unacceptable.
Very slow charge!! Im using it with my iPhone 8 and even leaving to charge over night got my phone from 5%-65% in about 8 hours. my regular chargers even with 10ft cables dont take that long. not to mention if you are on a video call which uses more batter power and thats the main reason i got this charger is to be able to use it like a stand and charge my phone during video calls. unfortunately thats not working out it will charge maybe %5-7% an hour. and sometimes 0% basically enough charge to just support the usage.
Only works if the iPhone has battery. If it is flat it will never come out of that mode :( it is a shame because prior to this I liked Anker products
is not working my iphone connects and disconnects is defective and I removed it in cover to try even if it does not work
When this charging stand works, its nice. I purchased the wireless charging pad (Item No: AK-A2511011) and had better success with it. I enjoyed the convenience factor so much I decided to purchase the charging stand. The problem with the charging pad was that you had to have your phone just right in order for it to charge, which I didnt have much issues with. My girlfriend had a hard time finding the sweet spot, so I decided to get the charging stand. My girlfriend still has issues getting her phone charged with the new stand. I am a little disappointed, but I have had many luck with Anker products. Im currently using a Insignia 2.4A output wall charger. I agree with others that I wish the cable was longer. I am using this charger to charge my Iphone 8 with and without its case. There is no issues charging with and without a case on. My case is a simple Speck snapback. I didnt bother to measure my case for thickness so I do apologize. I have tried charging my Iphone 8 in both landscape and portrait positions. If you thought the wireless charging puck was bad, the vertical stand is worse. I really have a lot of issues having to set my Iphone down just right on the stand so that it charges my Iphone. Same goes for landscape charging. Again I purchased this stand so that I didnt have to fumble to find the sweet spot for wireless charging. Wireless charging time is as expected, I am used to using a 3.1A charger.
not happy at all at first it worked fine now it does not charge at all, it just blinks blue. waist of money.
This charges my iPhone X at an extremely slow rate. I would not recommend this to iPhone users.
Good angle for phone will not charge my phone have to take of all the cover and still wi not charge phone
Case on iPhone must be thin or nonexistent. Does not charge very well with case.
I got the charger and the first thing I did was put my iPhone X with its case ( ) and try to see if the charge would pick up. It didnt. :( I had to remove the phone from its case, and then it worked.  I tried again putting the phone with the case into the charger and it defenitely doesnt work.  Such a disappointment.
It doesnt charge my phone past 40%
Works okay doesn’t charge super fast and has to be plugged into a new 3.0 USB no older versions
It doesn’t work with the magnet in the back
Would give it zero star but wasn’t an option...Just got this product a day ago, plugged it in, left my iPhone 8 Plus charging overnight, phone was only 60% charged this morning and charging device completely dead. Tried plugging it in in different outlets and tried a different iPhone but device still did not do a thing. Would NOT recommend this item- I will be returning
First one didnt work. Anker said they would send a replacement, but I have yet to receive I a month later.
So I have a new iPhone 8 Plus and if you don’t get it in the right spot it doesn’t charge. I have the one sprint sells and it seems to have a larger range.
I bought twice of this item one is not working
It seemed to be something I would like if I got it to work but it only stayed solid blue for a minute then started flashing that it has a charging problem. I tried it without the case on but same thing. I then tried with two other charges with the same receiver and phone. They both worked fine with and without a the same case on. So, I did do a fair amount of troubleshooting but never got it to work correctly. It is being returned.
I bought 3. First one died after 2 weeks, second after 4. Had to constantly unplug them to make them work again and then at some point they stopped alltogether. Update 6 weeks later: Anker contacted me and promised free replacements after I sent them in for refund. Never got anything from them. Now 6 weeks later even the last one died and I can’t get a refund anymore. Waste of money.
I’m usually a fan of Anker products but this one has some fundamental design flaws. First, the phone slips to the sides because theres no material there to hold the phone in place. The stand can also be tipped rather easily, its not sturdy enough. The other problem is the lack of an AC adapter, for the price Anker shouldve included an adapter. Otherwise, it charges fine.
It does not charge my case and I had the iPhone X on there all night it charged it 15 percent. Not happy with this product.
Does not always charge my phone. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t. It’s really a crap shoot. When it works it works well, when it doesn’t then I know it’s gonna be a long day of charging my phone
The darn thing was plugged in and my phone placed on it for 2 hours and only moved 2%.
(see update below) Uses micro usb cord... So, the first time it fell off the nightstand it landed smack on the power cord and now its just as janky as the micro usb port on my phone... the entire reason I bought the charger in the first place. They could have hardwired the cable or used USB C or any number of more robust power cords, but no, they used the same old terrible micro usb port that is prone to damage and intermittent connects that phone makers used for years... Why?! This thing only needs to handle power, thats two power contacts... It didnt need to be a USB connection at all. When it works, it works flawlessly, I just have to put the perfect amount of weight on the cord to get it to stay connected. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and sent a replacement free of charge. I bumped my review up 1 star. The charger still has this bad design decision of using a micro usb cord and will always be susceptible to damage; however, I was impressed that they reached out to send a new unit out. They said they passed the feedback about the power cord on to their design team. Knowing how pricey such an update can be to production parts, it likely wont change, but hopefully it will be considered for future products. This new unit is working flawlessly, and is much further away from the edge of my nightstand.
Did nit work with my case. Stopped working after three uses. Should have listened to previious reviews
Doesnt charge phone faster than it dies.
So far this has stopped charging my iPhone X at 92% and stayed there. Been about 10 minutes and hasnt moved at all. Will give this a 5 star review if it ever works and puts my phone to 100%
Was really excited about this charger, but  unfortunately the first two nights I used it, the charger stopped working in the middle of the night and I woke up both days with no battery on my phone. We bought 2 chargers, one for me and one for my wife, and the only reason I’m not giving 1 start is because my is working and hers isn’t. Overall I think is a great product-when works. We are returning hers.
I may end up returning, this. I bought a great case to go with my MotoZ2 Force, but the Anker wireless charger is not able to charge my phone thru the case which is a silicon (it does go thru that) covered by a hard plastic shell.
Cord is too short.  I already had to buy a separate power plug and now I have to buy an additional cord.  Frustrating.
The charger works fine with my case but it makes my phone hot. I encountered my iphone x giving me temperature warnings a few times but other then that its okay. I dont know if other people are encountering this.
Says case friendly but it doesnt work with a Note 8 in a Zizo Bolt case.
I bought 3 of these, 2 work fine. One stops charging after a few seconds. Ive had the same result with 2 different Samsung S7s.  The 2 that work, do great.  Wireless charging isnt fast, but its convenient.
Zero stars does not work with case on was a total lie and now is utterly useless to me
It charge very slow , it takes a while to charge my phone
This thing charges slower than a snail . Looks nice , just not worth the money . I DO NOT RECOMMEND
Total crap and a waste of my time.
Didn’t work at all.
I bought 2 of these chargers. Cannot get them to work properly with either my or my sons iphone. Sometimes it syncs most time it doesnt.
I’ve had this charger and my phone for less than a year and it destroyed my battery.
Oops! Dont get this one. My iPhone X kept sliding away from the back charging platform.
I liked until stopped working after 8 months of use. It does not charge phone anymore.
I have had this for a month, worked great, until it didn’t. The wire in the back had to be jiggled around for the light to come back on. And from there on out it was just constantly charging/uncharging. It explains why they only have a one month window to return. Horrible product.
Doesnt work doesnt charge stupid
very slowly charges my iphone. not as fast as I was hoping. i can be using my phone while it is on this charger but it barely charges so not really work the money.
The micro USB plug on the back wore out in 2 weeks and I NEVER UNPLUGGED IT after setting it up.
Worst charger ever
Does not provide rapid charge. Otherwise ok.
