If you’re looking for headphones to use with any system/device, this is a good choice.
Not much flexbility with the microphone but the sound is good
Headphones are really comfortable and have great sound for the price
I got this head set for my sons birthday present. It works great and is durable.
The astro a10 are all right but wish they are more louder and have more bass.
This headset is very light and sounds excellent, it doesn’t have a mute feature though.
Comfortable and good tonwear while gaming, have had nicer ones
No complaints on these at all. Great quality with premium feel
They work very well with the Xbox one. They seem to be durable and prices reasonable
Head phones are great but the chord only lasted a month
Comfortable headset that does whet it is supposed to do.
Got for son, work flawlessly, and auto mute when raise microphone up is very handy.
Great product for the price, can’t go wrong with sound quality
Sound quality isn’t the greatest. I think this is a little high priced for its purposes.
Hear things I never did before but comfort isn’t the best.
Great headset for the money. Comfortable for long uses
My Grandson would prefer the most expensive but that will have to wait toll he gets a job.
Comfortable, great sound and a good deal for the price !
This headset is great for gaming and very comfortable
Uses this headphones for his game console uses daily
Bought them for my son, he loves them! Great sound quality.
The quality of sound is great and definitely worth the pay.
I think this microphone personally is the best one I’ve owned.
Easy to use, connect and play, nothing else needed
Best head phones I’ve bought in a long time, Astro is a name brand to trust
I purchased this for my sons xbox game, he loves it!
Very good headset for wired. Good sound and design.
My son plays with these on all day everyday!!!!!!!!
Comfortable fit can’t tell I have them on, great sound. Bang for the buck!
Built well, fit is great. Sound is great & comfortable.
My son uses them he said this is the best one also his friends said too
Cant beat them for the price. The mic is fantastic.
This product is awesome. Wouldn’t trade for another
Any one using this Gaming Headset for Xbox loves it
when you dont want to spend over $300 get this and youll be happy
Son loves them, and they actually still work after 8 month
Great buy sharp eat to install best headset Ive bought in a long time
This is my daughter second headset This is her favorite by far
Great noise cancellation and awesome mic quality!!
Great for a first time use of game headphones as is.
GREAT HEADPHONES! WOULD RECOMMEND FOR ANY GAMER!!!!
Got for my son, he said it work well and did what we bought it for.
Reasonably priced headset with adequate sound quality
Great buy for the price, just plug the headset into ur controller and ur good to go.
Comfortable, good quality and perfect for gaming. Good price
It does what it needs to and sounds amazing but however it lacks a mute switch
Headset works great definite need for warranty seems cord may short out
My son likes these headphones. He says theyre comfortable and sound good.
Good headset, but microphone constantly breaks. Get warranty with this product
Good startup , something not too expensive that provides good surround sound
The headset is good if you’re on a budget and is really comfy
A gift for my son. Its what he wants. I m sure he will love it!
1 of 2 pairs we bought for Christmas. Both kids are happy.
My son really loves this headset. It was not real expensive and the quality is good
Is well designed, audio is clear. Easily plugs into gaming system
Bought set for my son, auto-mutes when raise microphone, good sound and function.
It works fine. He likes them. He can talk with other gamers.
Good quality headset. Solidly made microphone - should last a while.
Good Xbox headset for the price. Works good so far!
Comfortable with great sound quality. Great choice in this price range
I got this for my brother as a bday gift and he loves it!
Product seems to be better built than most on market. Time will tell
wish xbox was like PS4.. batteries dont last but ok
So far so good. Hope it does not break once the warranty expires.
Good product. Has lasted throught 6yr old playing online
This headset works great in both my PC and my Xbox.
Great headphones for gaming. Its very cool how the light up.
Great mic especially for the price! My son loves it
Super clear sound,deep bass and super loud. Fits great
they work good for gaming. I bought for my nephew he loves them.
my son loves it and clear sound. great product!!!!
They have a comfortable fit and great sound! A gaming must have!
Bought these for my younger brother and absolutely loves them.
My son uses them everyday. He loves them. Great sound!!!
I bought these to play Fortnite and they are great
Very durable good construction and great sound for the price
Great product. Comfortable and good weight for size.
Has a great sound system, comfortable and cheap...
Very easy to use. Comfortable would recommend. Thanks
Very happy with my purchase. Would recommend this!
Good headphones and they are comfortable . Also light weight .
Awesome for Xbox one, work great! Sound quality is fantastic.
Great quality and comfortable for the price point.
These are a great pair of headphones, and very comfortable.
They get used a lot and last a long time! Great product!
The Astro a10 is a great headset for the average gamer.
Great item for the price works really well for what intended
I hooked this up to my ps4 and it works great. Excellent sound quality.
The Astro A10 is a great headset that will make your competition lose
Great headphones for the Xbox one. Wish my son would quit breaking them.
Bought this for my grandson he loves it and would buy again
They work real great for the Xbox one. My son loves them.
Awesome gaming headphones. Great sound quality for great price
Use it everyday and love it, my brother got a pair also
This is a great quality product at an affordable price.
Nice set of headphones. Mic works great. I like sushi
Always a great experience when I buy and use Astro’s.
The noise is perfect. Good precision, comfortable, lightweight.
this is a very good item...I will recommended to a friend
They are made very well and have great sound and comfort
This headset is very nice load and people can hear me great
Item was just as advertised. Works well and is of good quality.
No static,clear sound excellent microphone, great for gaming.
They dont take it off when gaming. Seems to work very well
Our son really likes this product. Says they work well.
My grandson loves, loves, LOVES this gaming headset!
Headset works great. My son loves the sound quality and comfort.
Bought these for my son to use with his PS4.  He isnt complaining so that good.
These are the perfect headset for gaming. Very comfortable and light weight.
My son finds this set of headphones to be comfortable and the conversation clear. Other Mics he has had on his headset didnt seem to be clear when he talked to others but these are very good for that.
My son wanted a gaming headset for the longest time. We made 3 trips to Best Buy before he made up his mind and pick this brand. Great headset for Gamers!
These were used to replace some old surround sound headphones I had with my Xbox 360. These work great for my purposes. I don’t use them for online gaming so I can’t speak to that.
I have been very surprised by how good these are. Astro makes great headsets yes, BUT it was interesting to see what this company could put out at the $60 price point. These all around are a great headset!
My boys all share this headset between their sessions on Fortnite :) They really love it, and take care not to beat it up. It continues to work perfectly just like it was new out of the box.
I got this for a gift for my son and he really loves it. I was happy to have not had to get an adapter for it to work on our system, too.
Bought as a gift for my brother, had to put protection because he breaks EVERYTHING. Luckily I did. Easy in store exchange with the 2 year protection.
This is a great headset for the money. The sound canceling is excellent the microphone reception is very good sound quality is also excellent no complaints.
They sound pretty good .I think there could be more bass to them.I have a pair of turtle beach headphones and they have crazy bass to them
These headphones are a good quality for Xbox gaming. They can also be used with the Nintendo switch and cancel out a lot of the noise.
Gets decently loud. Mic picks up voice okay. Cant seem to hear anyone around me when its on. (Good for me, bad for them haha)
Astro quality sound definitely better choice than other competitors similar price point , perfect choice for the kids starting first person shooters
These are good, inexpensive headphones to have. My son likes them. They do the job in terms of online play.
It’s great for an entry level ASTRO headset , it’s not meant to be a high end headset but compared to others at similar prices this is the best choice
These are descent headphones and get the job done. The cord is a little long and gets in the way but not a deal breaker.
For the money, this is a good headset for gaming. The microphone is substantial and long enough for voice interaction.
Not the top of the line by any means, but for the price its sold at, the headset goes above and beyond what I expected of it for the price.
Nice headset. Astro finally introduced a reasonably priced headset.
works great, sound quality is better than expected at this price point.
Awesome sound. Works well with our Xbox 1. Highly recommended.
My son absolutely loves this pair of headphones. He says its extra comfortable
Perfect for my son’s Xbox gaming with his friends. Her lives it!
Would recommend these head phones for anyone. Comfortable fit and sound great.
My headset that came with the Xbox one broke, so I picked these up and they are amazing!
The kids love it. Works great for their gaming on XBox on PS4
This is a Christmas gift that my son will love! He’s an Xbox fan
This headset fits great over the ears. Excellent Sound!!
My grandson loves these he has 2 pair one for each house
If you like gaming these are the head phones you want.
Work great and very pleased with this head set. Buying this was a good choice.
My son loves them. They work great and seem to be high quality.
This headset is great for being wired and for the price! A must buy for gamers.
Very comfortable headset I recommend and it’s cheap
I got this present for my brother and he absolutely loved it!
I have owned the beats and many other headsets but this by far is the best.
My son really enjoys these headphones it is his first pair and they are perfect for him
Got this for my 13 year old. He loves it and highly recommends it.
Comfortable fit, even with glasses on. Works great at a reasonable price.
This is great. I would buy it again. Works great for the kids.
Headset works great. I would buy it again. Comfortable and drounds out outside sounds.
Works well. Sound is clear and crisp. Microphone works well. Quite loud actually.
This a great headset especially if you can get it on sale.
These headphones are great!! They block out all outside noise.
Got the headset and my son like it a lot.. happy to have it!!
Highly recommend to anyone. Doesn’t break the bank and very good quality
The head set sound is great and I don’t have any problems with feedback.
I got these headset for my son and he love them they sound like the 300.00 pair
These headsets are great. They let you feelLike you are in the game.
Really good and comfortable great for gaming and works with all consoles
Bought these for my son for gaming with Xbox and he really had enjoyed them.
I like it because its good and great and will definitely recommend it to my foly
Haven’t had any problem but the cord is a little long
Pretty Good Headphones for this price . Pretty much plug and play.
Last headset was not quality. So far, this one seems solid.
They work great for being a Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Xbox One
Picked this up for gaming and it generates the sounds very well.
GREAT FOR GAMING LATE AT NIGHT, ALSO BETTER A BETTER GAMING EXPERIENCE.
So far this is a great headset mu son says very clear microphone
Child really loves this headset! Great quality!!!!
Makes gaming so much more fun!Sound s good and clear
The head phones work well for my 11 year old. Very pleased.
For the price I paid, the headset was absolutely worth it
Great headset ! Very Clear & Excellent sound quality during group chat
Nice headphones, long cord, I like the volume control on the cord.
My son likes his headset and uses often...........
Works well for the money. Pretty durable. Tolerates teenage players.
My son bought these for his xbox and loves them. Good sound and price of reasonable
Headphones have big ears so you don’t hear any thing from outside
My son uses this headset for online gaming with his friends. He reports good sound quality and a comfortable fit.
My son bought this with Christmas money. Great quality and audio, worth the purchase.
Headphones preformed as expected. Big thing for me is the microphone placement and these are excellent.
The head gear is really amazing. Super stoked on it. The mic is really good and the headphones are amazing!
My husband loves it. Uses it all the time, games, phone, etc.
This is a great product. The only thing that would make it better is wireless.
The sound is close to the a50. The mic seems to be the same, not sure but it works great.
bought this for a family member. They seem to use it quite often.
Highly recommend. The sound is on point and its beyond comfortable
Great headset at a decent price. Doesnt feel cheap and gets the job done.
I absolutely love this headset! Great sound and fits comfortably.
Bought for my grandson as a gift. Was told it is good product.
This is a really great beginners headset. It fits great
My grandson wanted this for his xbox, he said it is great
He loves them cause he cant hear anybody talking lol
Great mic for a affordable price this is one of the best mics out there
Son was very happy with quality. Seem sturdy & well made.
I got this to play online and it really works good.
Good Product for Kids. Great for beginner players.
Good mic. Comfortable and sturdy. Would recommend for first headset.
Good sound quality, a little heavy on the head, but no complaints.
I think this product is good given the price. My son loves them.
Simple set up great price good brand.also cpmes with good reviews
ok for first pair of headphones.....................
A must for online gaming, and great headset. And great price
The sound is amazing and is worth every penny.....
Its one step down from wireless but its still works well.
These are extremely comfortable to wear with glasses.
Could be better in sound but it’s looks like it gets by.
for playing games with others, pretty good headphones
Nice job my other headphones broke and I use these now
Good sound quality, only issue is squeaking sound.
I bought these for my kids they are happy with them.
Great sound no bad sound it good product overallll
These headphones are pretty good. Would buy again.
Are these made of a plastic vibranium weave? Ive dropped them a number of times being clumsy and not a scratch or drop in sound quality. Thanks to the quick connect on both ends of the cord I have avoided more drops since it will usually release before pulling on the controller or headset. The cable and jack are built well so there is no warping or damage to either. This thing still works as well as it did when I bought it almost 2 years ago.The sound is GREAT. I activated 3-D sound on them and it was even better than my 5.1 system. I literally hear things moving above and around not just from left to right. and the sound moves with the action on screen. My gaming has become so immersive and when I play without them I can tell the difference. My ears miss them. They cry "PLEASE GEORGE, WE NEED THE A10S. WELL GO DEAF ON YOU IF YOU DONT FULLFILL OUR WISH!!!"But seriously, HOW ARE THESE THINGS ONLY $60? I swear they are worth a good $100. I have not had to buy a headset since owning these and before that I was replacing them every year or so. (Even when purchasing Turtle Beach and other brands)Astro has a great product here. Youre spending more than the El Cheapo $20. But you will spend the same amount of money replacing those multiple times that you can spend once on these and be good.
I bought 2 of these for my sons. They are universal.
got them for Christmas and they work great so far.
Headphones are great. Sound is great and no issues
My son loves this headaet and yhe muye capability.
The feel and sound are just what I was looking for!
No problem with the device. Worked as advertised..
First pair of headphones the mic wouldnt work so returned and bought these. More comfortable, sound better and everything works great
I hear louder voices coming from my sons room since hes worn these he wears them on his phone his gaming and everything he loves them
I was a little hesitant on purchasing these due to kids very hard on headsets & picky, however pleasantly surprised on how good they are & they get the job done
My younger brother destroys everything. I bought him these as they are built tough, and they have lasted him.
Nice and comfortable, my 7 yrs old kid and my self are happy using same. and its very clear and easy to set up. My kids are very happy.
For $60, this headset is a steal! I think it might be the best headset for Xbox for the quality and especially the price. I highly recommend!
Ive purchased many headsets to find the best one. This is the best one that I found in terms of comfort and quality in this price range
It’s a great headphone and my son is very happy with this purchase as he uses that for playing on X box with his friends
These headphones have never failed both my older boys or my husband. Clear and loud. Cant go wrong. These work perfectly with Fortnite.
I was a little skeptical about the price at first but the these Astro a10 are a solid build and extremely nice headset for a low price definitely dont pass these up
This is a good headset. I wound up returning it to get the wireless version. Sound was good, set up was good. Connected to XBOX one S
Probably the best headset you can get for 60 dollars in my opinion. Great sound, comfortable and never a problem:
It does everything you want. Listening to the footsteps approaching in fortnite make the hairs on the back of my neck stand.
These Astros are the best headset I’ve owned to date. They’re light, not obtrusive and have a great dynamic range for games where sound is important like PUBG
Bought these for my 8 year old son after his regular XBox headphones stopped working. He loves them! Weve had them a few months now and have had no problems with them.
Totally one of the best purchases I made during this Christmas, so good in quality that I purchased a second set for my nephew.
Our son loves these gaming headphones! They are very comfortable, easily connected to his system, no issues with hearing on them, sound is perfect.
Very worth the price. Never wanted to buy gaming headphones but so glad I bought these, worth the money. A little heavy but they feel very sturdy.
Got to go with his new Xbox and no problems yet. He loves it and weve had many headsets in the past for triple the amount we paid for this. I would recommend.
The A10 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset is very comfortable, has great overall sound quality and is a upgrade over many Headsets for the same price.
I bought these a Christmas present as my fiancé is an everyday gamer..a customer actually recommended I buy these and he was right! Great quality no lag
This headset is loud and perfect for online gaming. Well made and fits perfectly on your ear. Sound quality is excellent. Sturdy construction.
My son uses these headphones on a daily basis while playing video games. It’s great I don’t have to hear it.
This headset works great when playing Fortnite and other video games, I never lose connection, and the audio is great and its comfortable
Bought for a 10 year old boys birthday. No complaints, he thought it was cool. Now able to chat and listen with friends on xbox live.
This is an amazing headset for those getting into gaming! It has the audio quality of a high end headset but the affordability that I appreciate.
Both my kids love it! They are much better than some of the cheaper versions theyve tried before! Happy with my purchase-
Such wonderful quality ...my son is rough on headphones ! These headphones have proven to be tough ..
Moved from a Turtle Beach Headset to this and this new headset is very good. Awesome build quality and stellar audio quality.
If you game on the daily this headset will do. Comfortable, great sound, and reasonable price! Better than turtle beach!
If you’re looking for an easy to use, good sounding pair of headphones, these are it. I think they are priced right. I rock Steel Series Arctic 7 for PC and love them. However, I lost the little adapter piece so I could use them on my XBOX. Replacement cost 10 bucks. Shipping to Alaska cost 20. Total cost 30 bucks for a piece of wire. Adapters are great, until you lose them. These bad boys are hard lined and you won’t lose anything since they don’t use adapters
It works very well, and it stays on the head. To compare to the one purchased previously, it is much better and comfortable.
Good headset for the money. No complaints! Doing a review on my YouTube channel. Type krownhimking Or Www.YouTube.com/iamhellafly
My son uses the headphones to communicate with his friends while they play on the Xbox remotely. Great use.
Great headset I bought it for my son but I end up using it when he’s not I’ll get my own soon! Lol!
Good quality, not too expensive, comfortable on your head for hours. Son loves it/ uses it everyday.
Headphones are great, sound is good and fit great. Only downside is after several hours of use, not as comfortable as first put on.
Bought these for my 9 year old after his Turtle Beach broke. He says that these ones are way better than Turtle Beach he had before.
This is a good set of gaming headphones. However overtime they feel heavy and get uncomfortable after a couple of hours.
These headphones are not terrible, but they are not great. I occasionally experience connectivity issues but your mileage may vary.
I have had multiple Turtle Beach headsets and they are inferior quality compared to this headset. I would definitely recommend.
My son uses this headset to play his video games. He absolutely loves them. Great product at a great price.
My son really likes this product. I would definitely purchase it again based on that plus the price. Reminds me of the 80s.
Sure there are better headsets on the market. But for this price, this is one of the better headsets you can own.
I got this for my teenage son for Xmas. He loves it. This is yet another awesome deal I got form Best Buy on Black Friday.
My son loves his headset. He uses it playing xbox. Or his pc. It is great
Got these for my son, and quality is better than most at the same price point
Good clear sound. Price is right. I have purchased several of the Astro brand. Recommended.
Son says the surround sound is awesome. Makes him a better gamer. Good price and yes there are better ones for more $$$.
Headphones have great sound and hold up extremely well with daily use. Excellent gaming headphones.
Bought this for my daughter for her x-box and she said it has good reception.
Great headset. Its very flexible and durable with quality build. much better than other brands of comparable prices
My son was looking for a new headset. His current was cutting off during the game. This one was much better during playing.
Works great with my Xbox. Very clear sound. Comfortable to wear.
Very comfortable headset with good sound quality. Easy to adjust and light weight.
These headphones work very well. My son can communicate with his freinds clearly.
Never needs to charge. Alway connects , hear other players well and comfortable.
Great headsets for great price. I would definitely recommend
Works well and comfortable fit.Sounds great. Mic doesnt pick up back ground sound.
I always had people tell me my voice was too low when i bought a cheap headset from amazon so i was always in the market for a new one. I settled on the A-10 and now everyone tells me my voice is crystal clear and communication has never been better. The sound is also amazing, i can hear more background noise in games and surround sound than i could before. My only gripe would have to be the lack of a game and chat sound button as they are merged together, but an adapter will fix that issue
Grandson was looking for a game playing headset. He chose this one for features and price. He tells me it works great.
Headphones are a great value for the money. Sound is great and they are very comfortable.
Comfortable, moveable mic, looking forward to getting the wireless version
First mic and it works great! Does exactly what I need, great sound, & no charger required! AWESOME :)
Great headphones with nice sound. They are also comfortable to wear for an extended period of time.
Bought for my son and he loves it. Sound is phenomenal and the easy mute mic feature is great
I knew these would get the job done for my gaming but I hear every footstep with these when I’m playing PUBG
Really great headset for Xbox. Excellent sound, great mic. Would recommend.
Bought this for my nephew and he likes it very much. Sound quality is very very good
Excellent headset for casual game players. Good sound quality and a good price.
Weve wanted this headset. Fortunately, Best Buy had the best prices. Great prices, service, and quality!
Great product for the xbox I really like it keep on coming out with a wireless now
This is a great headset, clean sound on ear and mic. Comes in colors and holds up well.
My daughter loves her gift. Sound is great, adjusted great with her big head, lol
great looking, hd voice, good color, soft material
They worked great and have great sound and can communicate with other gamers
My son loves these! They fit his small head and have worked perfectly since day one.
This headset is comfortable for hours of continuous gaming and the quality is excellent for the price.
These are great gaming headphones for the price. Good sound quality
This headset has been great I use it almost every day. A decent price as well.
This product works very well! Clear sounds and I haven’t noticed any issue
The Microphone and headset work great together and the price was in my budget
Great quality. I love the duel volume. I would recommend this to any of my friends or family .
The headset was amazing, the sound quality of the headphones is just beautiful.
Its a very durable headset i love it. Very recommended if you are gamer and dont want to pay a whole lot
Ive been a huge fan of astros since they hit the pro circuit for MLG if your a gamer these are a must buy
Bought this headset for my 10 year old. Fits his head perfect and the sound is great!
If you are a gamer you will love this headset, Is easy to switch mute.
This headset works great. The kids are pleased. Sound is great mic works fine. Overall happy.
Excelent product, clear sound, quality is good, I am using it for my xbox and it works great.
This headset has perfect audio and allows me to connect with others while playing.
I would recommend these headphones for the quality of sound and the price. Are fairly comfortable as well.
My son loves this headset. Seems to be a little better quality than ones in the past that were more $$.
These headphones are great for gaming! They Block all noise in the background.
I’ve always had astros and I can’t complain. Sound quality and comfort is best.
Prior to this purchase I had the XBOX stereo mic and it was my second pair. Well it broke just above the ear cups on both sides because I guess i opened them up to wide when putting on? They were good audio quality so i thought about getting them again. Im glad i went for the A10s. Theyre a solid build. great audio quality. The boom is flexible and mute when you flip it up. The padding on the cups could be better, started to hurt after 2-3 hours of consistent use but, if youre not gaming for longer than that, no worries. The band across the top of your head seems indestructible. The 3.5 mm line detaches from the headset and has built in volume control. Honestly my biggest complaint and a minor one is that the cord is too long, its like 6 feet long so I have to worry about not getting the cord caught under my feet and rolling chair. If it was 3 feet it would be perfect. These also work with the XBOX volume mixer if youre wanting to avoid messing with setting on your console. Wont buy anything else from here on out.
Bought this head set for my Xbox One. Sounds great, other players can clearly hear me and it is fairly comfortable to wear for hours. Two cons with the headset is the plug cord is longer then it needs to be and gets caught on my knee a lot. Also where the volume control is on the cord it is at my shoulder and if I turn my head to the left it turns the sound all the way down or close to it. Over all 2 minor issue compared to other headsets I have had in the past. Have had it for a month now and still works but bought the warranty just incase.
Look, I hate it when people give reviews after the first or second use. I used mine everyday for about 6 weeks. The gaming sessions were from 1-5 hours. Its comfortable. The mic works great. Love that the mic is flexible and bendable. The jack plugs in snug to the controller and causes no static. I hear the footsteps in PVP. The surround sound creates a great experience. Fair price at $60. I would recommend to anyone who wants a great gaming headset without breaking a $100.
Very impressed with the A10 sound and clarity. Voice chat works like it should and voice clarity is top notch. I already had the mixamp that plugs into bottom of xbox1 controller to control voice and game volume; would highly recommend if you dont have one. Build quality feels solid and I really like the mic flip to activate when you want chat. Would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for good bang for your buck.
I bought my 10 year old and they are perfect. No feed back good quality sound.
The best sound to beginners on gaming. Good price. Good quality
Great gamers head set. Easy to use and flip-up mic to mute for convenient conversations.
Great for gaming! Just love them! Using with the Xbox
My nephew loves these headphones for playing his x box
Son doesn’t have any complaints and he can still hear me when I call him.
This item is used while gaming and fits comfortably.
Simple and very enjoyable for grandchild.i recommend it highly.
These headphones have a real nice rumble to them great price
The item is working just fine so far. I can hear what I need.
He loves it great Christmas gift it has good sound
Great headset upgrade, good clarity and volume compared to previous headset
They are very light, which when it comes to headsets, that is one half of the comfort problem. The other half that they fulfill is the ears. The ears are big enough to cup all of the way around my ear and not smash it (this is a reoccuring problem with past headsets, i have bigger than usual ears.) And lastly i also really like how there isnt a seperate box you have to plug them into along with 4 other cords, no its just a headphone jack. Simplicity is nice
I have had many headsets over the past 18 months. Most have had issues with the mic breaking. The design of these allows the mic to bend and flex as needed. Great headset. The only downside, the rope of the headrest is a bit thin on padding and its only in one spot in the center. I prefer to have the entire top of the headset padded equally. Feels odd at first but I got used to it. Would recommend. So far they are holding up really well.
Headphones fit comfortably and are durable for my 12 year old son. Weve had it for a month so far without any problems. Our last set of headphones lasted 6 months and it was the manufacturer and not my son that was at fault. This is a pattern with these type of headphones. I recommend getting a warranty to cover yourself with these products based on my experience. Youll save yourself a lot of trouble.
my nephew says these headphones are worth the money. I tried them and they are comfortable and sound good. they are not surround sound. they only have stereo sound but they are a good headset. but if they where for me I would have bought some with surround sound. but my nephew wanted these for his birthday. so I bought him what he wanted.
If you’re looking for headphones that arent too expensive and that arent cheap material, this is it. If youre really picky about your gaming headphones and dont want a decent one, then i recommend getting the more expensive ones from Astro. Other than that it’s a great gift for a regular gamer and even mutes the mic and you put my mic up! My boyfriend loved it!
My kid had a wireless headset for the XBOX ONE but had nothing but trouble with it. We tried this (with the new controllers that have the jack for it) and it worked immediatly and hes very happy. If you have an old-school controller, youll either need an adapter or just ditch it already and buy a new one, its obsolete. :-)
First one wouldnt connect properly and only had audio in one ear, took it back and exchanged for a new one and I cant stop recommending it. Its the highest quality for the lowest price so far. Have used everything from cheap gas station ear buds to Astro A40s, if you want to step up your games without breaking the bank, these are comfy, quality, and reliable.
I bought this for my son as a gift and was debating between this one and the Turtle Beach that cost pretty much the same. I ended up going with this one based on the B.B. worker’s recommendation and am so glad I did. We’ve had 2 different Turtle Beach headphones in the past and both my sons who are avid gamers feel these are superior.
This is a great headset for gaming. Great quality, great sound, and easy to use. It is also very comfortable to wear. I highly recommend.
Bought for my son to use playing Fortnite. It works exactly as it should and the sound is good. Great product for the price.
Our son loves the comfort and quality of these gaming headphones! We are thrilled they didn’t break the bank and skip on quality!
Purchased 2 of these as gifts and they are being used everyday. There have been no problems or issues with this product
My ten year old son and I have been thru three headsets (logitech x2 & hyperx). This headset beats them out of the water. A must for any form of gamer.
I purchased 2 birthdays ago. My son usually goes through headphones like crazy and still working.
Can’t beat the price for what this headset can do. Even though it is stereo you can set it up to be just as good as the a50s. Only down is they are wired
Headset is a great affordable option for those not wanting to spend $$$. Works perfectly and would highly recommend.
Astro has the best gaming headsets. Great price for all the features of a much more expensive headset
Great headphones but... I wish these were wireless the cord is really long so you need to wrap the cord with something that will hold it.
My boyfriend uses the headset to play his games. They work very well in cancelling out other noises. Hes very pleased with them.
Astro Gaming - A10 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Xbox One is a great headset. Very clear voice. Good quality overall.
The grandkids loved these - the price was right and they loved being able to "plug in" watch movies or YouTube anywhere.
My nephew wanted these for Christmas. I asked him later if he liked them. He said yes. As I dont know much about them, Im passing on his review!
This is the second pair I purchased in the last year. Mic stopped working on old set. New one works very well for the price.
If your looking for a high quality and comfortable headset that you can wear for hours this is it!
The headphones are great for my kids and work just for what they wanted at the right price point.
Bought these for my xbox and they were great for just getting back into playing. Upgraded to the A40s
Astro came HIGHLY recommended and do not disappoint. They are very comfortable to wear and have a great sound quality.
Sound quality is good, solid built and easy to use. Only complaint is it hurts my ears after awhile, probably cause I have big ears.
My kid says that they feel comfortable and also they are better then the last few he had while playing the Xbox
My son loves this product and hes enjoyed using it when he calls his friends to play remotely!
It’s good to have this when you are playing with your games online so you could talk to your friends
Amazing quality i use these every day for both gaming and work and they havent disappointed !
These bad boys are amazing. Most definitely the best for the price bracket they are in. Sound is great and mic picks up everything.
This headset is a very well engineered headset, I love the way you can mute the mic! Astro products are top of the line as usual!
My son would rather have this headset than the newer sets, so that tells me what I need to know as he is a pretty serious gamer and youtuber.
This headset was a great buy i really enjoy the the way it felt and the sound quality was amazing.
I bought this for my pre-teen son who recently started gaming online with friends.The headset fits comfortably and the sound quality is great!
A very good Mid-Range Budget Headset. Good sound Quality and Good Mic. Can be used for PC or anything with a 3.5mm jack.
Headset is pretty solid for its price would recommend for first time buyers then upgrade to a40 or a50 if its to your liking
Works great and very cost friendly. Just get the geek squad protection plan and this should last a good while.
Ive went through a few turtle beach headsets fairly quickly, for the cost of a pair. They always shorted out. Im careful with my toys. So far the Astro - A10 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Xbox One has been pretty good. Sound is kinda choppy when a sound in the game switches from one side to the other. Not always though. Thought the sound was too low at first but i had to turn up the volume in the xbox settings. Make sure you do that. I would buy these again.
This is my first over-the-ear headset for the XBox and it has changed the way I play. The audio is crisp and I can hear things I never even knew existed in the games Ive been playing for hours.The only downside is that, at least without any accessories, there is no sidetone between the mic and headphone; that is, you wont be able to hear your voice easily when speaking, so you have to pay attention to not be yelling.
Sound quality of the headphones are good. Looks nice as well. I like the flexibility of the mic and volume control on the cable. The cable is a little long for some reason. Only thing is headphones are a little heavy and stiff so they’re tight when wearing them. Could have more cushion on the top band. I feel like the top cushion will wear out quick because there’s only a little piece there.
For the money, you cant do much better than these. Very comfortable, imo. Was a bit disappointed at first when I thought there was no way to mute mic, but didnt realize its done by raising the boom, which I thought was pretty cool. 4 stars only because fact of the matter is there are going to be better sets, soundwise, albeit more expensive.
Bought these to replace my old headphones. Sound is great, comfortable, and feels sturdy. And the price isnt that bad either. A feature I thought was cool when I first bought it was you flip up the mic to mute. But after actually using it, its not that great. Wish it just had a mute button.
My $300 wireless Astros broke (the charger in the headset melted) so I was a little hesitant to pick these up. Of course missing a lot of the expensive features of the wireless, I still find these super comfortable to wear and they get the job done. I wear glasses, they good around the ears.
The headset is very comfortable, especially when worn for extended periods of time. The audio quality is good enough for gaming online and chatting but I wouldn’t use these as daily drivers for music or media consumption. But overall they are of good build quality.
My existing set went out so I picked these up on sale.At first I was hesitant cause they weren’t wireless but at the same time.I don’t have to charge them cause they run of the game control and now that I’ve been using them for a while I’m glad I got them
The quality of the headset is nice. Its a bit heavy when you try to wear it covering only one ear. Only downside is you need to purchase a mixer separately if you dont want the game audio in the headset as well. Those usually run another $30. But overall, I like the product.
After trying other sets (hyper x and plantronics) I stuck with this one. Hyper x did not last 2 days before wire caused static due to poor quality and the other fell apart first night. These have been fine and sound is very good. I dont play online so I cant comment on microphone. Over all I like them.
We own a variety of lower-tier gaming headphones. This is my preferred unit. The sound is decent and it feels solid without being too heavy. Remains comfortable for a few hours, but Id choose something higher-end if I did longer sessions frequently.
These were purchased for my teenage son after the ones he had broke, I advise on purchasing the protection plan as they tend to stop working after about a year and a half of constant use. Best Buy cannot be beat on those, it truly is a no hassle experience.
These are very comfortable. I use a headset 6 hours a day for teaching online. I did have some parents tell me the sou d quality isnt as good as the cheap pair of logitechs I had though. But its good enough and I choose comfortability over that.
This is hands down the best budget gaming headset you can buy. Great quality sound with the same speakers as the Astro 40s. The mic is the best I’ve heard on any gaming set. My only complaint is the ear cuffs are slightly too small for my ears.
Had to replace my sons Xbox one controller. Since( Xbox) no longer makes this headsets( kept breaking anyway), had to go with these pair... so far so good... ALWAYS get the protection plan for these being as they only last a year AT BEST!!!!!
The sound quality is great for the price, and the quality of the build is very firm and solid. My only negatives are that it rests on my stud earrings awkwardly at times, and the mute the mic function isnt as quick compared to other models.
My boys, being boys, are rough on headphones. I wish they were more durable but they are what they are. When the boys needed new headphones these were the ones they felt would be best for the cost.
The price is perfect and the unit works great and feels great not too heavy. sound great and the setup is a breeze but the only thing is the ear cups could’ve been designed better
I bought these headphones for my son and he absolutely loves them. They are perfect for gaming.
These have great sound and a decent mic for communication to others.
A most excellent set of headphones for my Xbox One X, especially for the money and very durable too.
I love everything about these headphones; the fit, the sound, and the comfortable feel of them.
It sounds amazing and it’s very comfortable, not to mention durable.
This was a good purchase good sound excellent product I recommend it for anyone
My son love it. He said it has great sound & its comfortable to his ears
My son uses this to play on his xbox one. Works great. Will buy again when needed.
Must get for any gamer that enjoys the quiet of the outside world while playing
This headset is really comfortable and good for the price
2nd astro. Came from A40s which are still great. Great sound and easy to use,
Use this while playing xbox with friends. It has good sound and the mic pics up good.
This headset has very good sound and the price is right.
This is the best headset I have gotten so far! Sound is great...mic is perfect...all around a great deal!
Got these for my son and he loves them says they are best the pair he has had .
Great headset for all ages! Lightweight, but a bit on the expensive side.
My son is so happy with this product. He plays fortnight and it is perfect for him. Thanks.
Good entry level headset. Gets the job done with out spending too much money.
I highly recommend this headset in the gaming community
I love this headset it’s far better than my turtle beaches
Purchased many headsets with warranty. This set lasted longest of all so far.
Would recommend for Xbox or PC as they’re compatible with both and sound great!
Really helped step up my gaming skills, made it a lot easier to hear where everything was coming from!
Giving this to my Son for Christmas, he has had them before and replacing at set that stopped working.
Very good sound and AWESOME clarity, DEFINITLEY would recommend this to friends!
These are great for a kid who is always on his xbox and moving around!
Love the headset ! Great quality hearing and great comfort ability
My so. Loves these headset for gaming with his xbxo
My two sons, 12 and 14 both love this product. Good sounding headphones and decent microphone.
My son loved these! He can now easily communicate with his friends on Xbox!
Wireless headphones are the way to go. Best bang for the buck!
Grandson loves this headset, says it’s the best. The sound is great.
I bought these for my son. He loves it. The ear pieces are comfortable. Highly recommend
I recently bought this Astro A10 headset and I’ve been very impressed by it so far. It’s been about 2 months now with everyday use and it’s been helpful all the way. Listening to your opponents before you see them or they see you is helpful especially when playing FPS games. Definitely a must if you are not trying to spend 250+ on Astro A50s or A60s.
This budget friendly Astro headset is one of the best on the market. I have use Turtle beach headsets prior to buying this Astros headset and I must say the sound quality of the Astros beats the Turtle beach x32 I was using before. All in all, I would buy Astros again without hesitation and they make a great gift for any gamer.
PROSExcellent audio quality. Powerful bass. Feels very comfortable. CONSNo accessories included. No simulated surround sound. BOTTOM LINEThe Astro Gaming A10 wired gaming headset takes the excellent comfort and audio performance of the companys much more expensive models and puts them in a budget-friendly package.
I really like the headset for gaming the sound is really great especially for online gaming. You can hear the other team if they are coming for you. I also use them to listen to music on my phone. ( When you first buy them and use them MAKE SURE THE HEADPHONE JACK IS PLUGGED IN ALL THE WAY MUST HEAR 3 CLICKS )
Got this for our 12 yr old for his first gaming headset. Didnt want to spend a lot since we didnt know if he would like wearing them. He loves them and it is nice to not have to listen to him playing his video games. Good sound quality and he enjoys talking when playing online.
Well after buying many of the cheaper brands, which kept breaking! I got this one at first if felt heavy and big. But, it is a good headset comfortable and durable, by now I would be looking to replace another one. Great product!!!! Didnt want to pay the money but Im glad I did.
I had an oldnwored headset from long ago and it had 3-5 connections, this thing is amazing! Its sounds great, works well and only has the 3.5mm headset jack. Would recommend to any who want better than the base model. Astronis a solid sound and the A10s are great.
My son likes this perfect for gaming. This is his 3rd headset so far so good.
Easy to use. Fun and easy to use . Highly recommended
For the price of 60$, they are great headphones! I would definitely recommend if you are on a budget.
My son loves his headphones he plays fornite and he says ther great.
Son upgraded to these when return some other set. Loves them!!
Great headset for the price. It’s needed to play all these shooting games.
One of the best headsets you will find on a budget. Quality is great and they look awesome.
This headset is perfect for the price that was paid. I love that you can just flip up the mic to mute when playing with friends. The only thing that could make it better would be if it was wireless. (Yes i know that there are wireless versions that are more expensive)
Maybe not the most advanced but my 7 year old loves it for Fortnite with his little buddies. Hes happy and Im happy at the $48 Black Friday price point. Great deal for a great headset. Not sure I would pay more than $60 for this but under that is a solid deal.
Been using for about 2 years pretty durable haven’t broken anything on it yet sound quality is awesome only down fall is its for newer controllers and there’s only 1 volume control for over all volume but you can change your volume settings via Xbox which I kind of like better
Really needed for online gaming. Even when they used to include a headset in consoles they werent that great, but now a days you actually have to buy one so might as well get something that is comfortable to wear for extended periods of time and has great sound. Good price, and good build quality.
Excellent comfort and quality for the price in a wired headset. Id reccomend getting rechargable batteries for your controller because the headset will drain your controller batteries pretty quickly. Probably every 6-8 hours of playing.
We got these for our son who wanted them for his XBox, and they are perfect! He can use them to talk to his friends and we do not hear him yelling because the background noise is not overly loud where he has to yell. Plus, they are durable and not too expensive.
Wanted something a bit cheaper then the Turtle Beach without sacrificing the quality. I think these hit the mark ell in its price range. Nice sound, loud and comfortable. I like that the mic goes on and off when you lower and raise the mic.
I was pleasently suprised with the feel of these headphones on my ears and with in the game sound you get from these headphones especialy when you consider how much they cost they pack a lot of sound for not much coin, and are really nice when playing on-line
Astro is a Top Notch, Elite, headset manufacturer. This headset is worth every penny and more! Hands down the best Wired Gaming Headset on the market. Bought 3 pairs of this headset, one for myself, one for the wife and one for my father!
I use to just game with the sound of the tv speaker, this headset brought my win ratio way higher and helped me a lot in my Fortnite tournaments. It exposed me to sounds I’ve never paid much attention to and made me a better person
overall a very good quality entry level headset. Bought these for my spouse who is a casual player. I personally own the A50 model. Highly recommend Astros. Great company who stand behind their products.
I have always been timid on investing money into a headset and this purchase was perfect. I was impressed with the sound quality and would recommend this product to who ever is looking into getting a headset for themselves.
Such great value for low cost! Purchased this headset as a backup for when my A50s lose charge. Very happy with my purchase!
this is our fifth headset, as they all seem to break easily. This one is great and has been very reliable
Bought them item as a gift for my little brother and he loves it. I love it because I don’t have to hear it!
I bought this for a friend and it’s a great headset that works well. The microphone is good and I can hear him clearly through Xbox live.
My son loves these headphones. Very comfortable and no problems talking with his friends while gaming.
Great headset for both Xbox one and PS4! Loud, clear, and easily controllable for both consoles at an affordable price
Bought two sets for my boys and they couldn’t be happier, I tried them myself and wow they are awesome.
My son bought this with his Christmas money. He loves it. Had it 2 months now and never had a problem.
My kid says the headset are amazing. He used on Xbox live and with other gaming systems. The sounds it’s great.
awesome sound and clearity and good bass also the mute is easy to use just flip up mike and mutes its self
The sound on the headset is very clear and smooth, the headphone cups are comfortable even when used for extended periods of time!
me and my kids both use these almost on a daily basis great sturdy loud product with great sound as well.
For the price point I believe this is top of the line headset. The mute option is convenient and the sound is Crystal clear.
this head set not going to lie but its great the audio in it is just what i expected works amazing
I bought these headphones for my son who enjoys gaming with friends. They work great, and he has really put them to use.
I was having difficulty deciding on which headset to get my husband, looks like I made the right choice since my husband loves it :)
Bought this for my son so he could communicate with his friends while playing Xbox. Works perfect!!
Incredible quality and sound for its price point. I have always heard that Astros are great headsets and this really confirmed it.
Great pair of headphone the clarity is unbeatable for the price! Definitely recommend
My Grandson wanted for Christmas. These are the only ones he wanted and was thrilled when he got them
My son is 12 and he loves this headset! He has both an Xbox one and PS4 so he loves the fact he can use it on both devices.
The sound quality of this headset is amazing. I feel like I’m right in the middle of all the activity.
I was a bit stubborn with only getting turtle beaches but I was convinced to try Astros and I do not regret it just amazing
Overall good headset for the price. The sound is good. Overall I really like the Astro brand.
These headphones are great for casual to moderate competition playing. Great bass and range of motion.
I have some Astro A50s which I worship. Bought the A10’s for my girlfriend and she loves them.
Perfect for the casual gamer and even thigh it’s a wired headset it’s only one wire to the controller
cord is more durable than other headsets I have purchased. no complaints so far.
Compared on prices with other gaming headsets this suffices all the qualities I was looking for; sound, comfort, and style.
By far the best headset I have found for under $100. The quality is top notch. The sound quality is as good as the higher end models.
These Astro wired game headset is the best quality feel that I have had. So much better than the turtle beach. Very comfortable
The best headphone said my grandson.. He had other headphones but didnt last.
These headphones were the perfect purchase for the young teenager gamers on our home!!
These headphone are great. They do not hurt your ears when you are wearing them for a long time.
Really enjoying these Astro’s. Wear them for hours with no discomfort. Wish they were a little louder; may look into the Astro mixer control that plugs into the controller and see if that adds a preamp
My kid tends to be pretty destructive on headsets. This one he’s been using for several months without any issues. Typically, he destroys them within a month. Not bad for one of the cheaper headsets!
I bought these headphones for my fiancé so he could have a better experience playing his xbox. His only complaint is that they are a bit heavy but they are not uncomfortable. They are very well made and the closing quality is great
Overall this headset is fantastic. Ear cushions are very comfortable, mic flip up to mute feature is very convenient and the sound quality is great. The cushion on the headband could be a bit wider. The build quality feels really solid.
Its a solid headset for what you pay for. Im pretty pro astro. I have a40s for my PC and just needed this for casual gaming on my consoles. Decent little headset
Good sound quality. Can feel uncomfortable after several hours wearing them. Cord is very long. Can help with setting down your controller and having length to move around. But can get caught on things.
I bought these for when my wireless unit isn’t charged. My son has a set and I’ve used them one night before my purchase. They sound good, easy to use and they are holding up so far.
My boys have used these every time they game. They are good quality and they use them to talk with their friends while they play. I love them because I dont have to hear the game blasting loudly out of their rooms.
Ive always wanted to get an Astro headset but they were always out of my price range. So a dinked around with Turtle Beach and other brands and was disappointed. The Astro A10 is high quality and the price is finally reachable!
Bought these for my brother so he would finally have a mic for Xbox. He says they’re comfy. I haven’t heard him in party chat yet or tried them on myself but astros as pretty good just like turtle beaches which I have.
Only concern is that the headset sid not work with older xbox one remotes. With that being said, they are great quality when they do work. Blocks out all outside sound and they have a good loom
For being Astros first budget headphones i think rhwae are great sound is clear and loud and the headband is super flexible your can really bend and twist them without the fearnof them breaking
I was looking for razer brand but they were in stock this was the only budget friendly with big name they had in stock, not a fan of the xbox one branding but it works, volume it not as high as apple earpods
Trying this grand, as opposed to turtle Beach. My son wanted to take them back because he said they were difficult to use, at first. Now he likes them. I still bought a warranty, as the headsets dont seem to last long.
My 13 yr old loves them. The only reason they didnt get a 5 was because after LONG periods of playing, they start to hurt the top of his head where the band rests. But thats really after hours and hours of playing.
Great overall sound quality but I have noticed that over long periods of time that the headset does start hurting the top of my head and I think they could have done a bit better with the padding on that.
Got these for my son and he loves them. He says he can hear everything while playing. The only bad thing is that the aux import for the head set isnt included and we had to spend an extra $30.
It worked fine for few months and then started a static sound. Glad that I got an insurance so was able to exchange it for a better one.
You surely get what your paying for here. The sound quality is great, even though there isn’t barely any noise cancellation...expect to pay more for those kinds of features.
Astros make the best headset!! It’s all about how much you want to spend and for $60 this entry level headset is very comfortable and also gives you a competitive edge!!
Its a good quality headset drop it multiple times has not broken yet sound quality is good for the price but i had to adjust the setting on the xbox one to hear clearly but overall its a good headset
I was a little skeptical on buying these at first because of the mixed reviews, but Im glad I did because Im very pleased with how this headset performs so far.
This is a good headset for the money. The headset plugs into your controller and works great. It gets a little hot because of the padding but that’s prob what makes it sound so good.
I purchased this as a replacement product due to the prior headphones failing to last noraml useage for 1 yr - this product is rated much better than the set I replaced.
He said it works just as well as more expensive headsets.
My son loves this headset and he spends HOURS with it on!
Awesome headset!!! Would recommend to anybody looking for a solid stereo set with Astro quality sound.
he uses it all the time so I do not have to hear while he plays. that is great for a mom
great buy and thanks to the rep who helped me find the best for playing x-box!
Love this headset! I had Sonys but they broke. I have had no issues with comfort, they fit great.
I bought this, was sketchy because it was cheap, but it is a great headset.
some of the best headsets you can get for a fair price. Cable is long.
If I could afford the A50 I would get those. But I can’t so these will work
Kids love these and they go through them so much from being on all the time
My child likes the headset with his xbox one......
Got this for my two gamers! They love them. Really comfortable. Price is also right!!
Great headset for beginner users or advanced! Overall hard to beat for price, quality AND sound!!
The sound quality it excellent. It helps me to hear more sounds than my predecessor.
I really like this headphone, because its confortable for me and the audio quality its perfect
purchased for our kid to on line gaming so he can play against his friends. Very happy with it.
My son uses the headphones without having to raise the volume on the TV!
Gaming headset my son loves them he really happy with it
Sound and mic are great for the price. The fit over the ears are perfect
Works great with my Xbox would buy again great sound
Got sick of Bluetooth headphones and really enjoyed these.
Great sound quality. The noise canceling makes gaming in a loud room no annoyance at all.
Love using this for PUG and WWII. Not too expensive and great for gaming, phones and tablets.
Got this as a birthday gift for lil man to play Fortnight. He loved it
gave to my grandson for his birthday and he loves them
Works great with Xbox Consoles it very light Sounds quality is excellent
My son asked for this for his birthday. He loves them. I dont regret buying it
Great price value for quality of sound. Ordered online and got within a week
my grandson bought these for gaming. he is very satisfied with this purchase
Bought this for my son to use with this Xbox 360 and he loves it!
My son was begging for an upgrade to his headset and when he tried these in he started begging! He loves the headset and they seem very durable and they have great sound. They are comfortable and can be worn for hours.
These ASTRO A10’s are pretty much the BEES KNEES of headsets in this price range. Volume is amazing and the mic works perfectly. Also being able to flip the mic up to mute is a plus. Love these.
Great set of headphones. My son is into console gaming. He said he was going to get a pair of these. I also like them very much after I figured out the volume. These are not high end but well worth the money!!! An A++ product!!!!!
If you are looking for a value headset with great performance definetly go with these A10s. Sound quality is great. They are very comfy however when on for longer than a couple hours they begin to get slightly uncomfortable due to tight headband.
The sound is great for these entry level headsets, the mic sounds super clear and the wires are long! They are also super flexible and have comfortable cushion padding for marathon gaming sessions.
This headset I ordered was indeed my best choice to get, I had some turtle beaches for my PS4 but when I got these, they sound a lot more clearer than any other headset I’ve had before. Would recommend buying 5 out of 5!
this was present for grandchild, she plays xbox fortnight a lot, and have no complaints with headset. looks like good quality product, so will recommend. Have a nice day
I got these headphones in order to play Xbox with my friends and they are good for the price. I guess you can hear real well on the other end as my friends say they can hear by dogs barking on the other side of the house
I just p purchased the a50 for my ps4 but recently got n xbox with this headset and it runs the same as the new A50..so dont waste your money on the A50 these A10 are compatible with xbox n ps4 and at the end of the day you get the same results
Ive gone through three turtle beach headset in less than two years, cause they all break. Never again, these sound amazing. Every one hears me clearly. These are made to last
Thire stuff are adorable and fair price as well...
My 11 year old son loves these! They work great and were affordable.
Bought it for my kids haven’t had any complaints they love it
Great product excellent sound quality would recommend it
Awesome surround sound. Every sound is crystal clear. Bear headset Ive bought.
Bought this as a gift for my son. Its still intact . No problems .
Great item for my son he loves them and his friends got the same ones as well
Sounds clear good prices kids loved the color. !!!
Bought these Astros and the sound quality is fantastic
Great headphone. Cheap. Flick up to mute. Just Love It.
Very nice headsets. Good sound and comfortable. Bought them for my wife and she loves them
This headset works better than other brands we’ve had.
It works great on PS4, but it won’t work with Windows 10 even though it says it works with PC
These gaming headphones produce phenomenal sound with noise canceling
My son got this for playing xbox and has really liked the fit and sound both.
Decent headset for the price. A little heavy to wear. Wish it had a inline pause/play feature.
My son tends to go through headsets quickly. The A10 lasts longer than most.
The A-10 is a great inexpensive alternativeFor the computer or XBOX ONE.
Still requires a adapter to use with my Xbox one x controller.
My gaming experience has been improved tremendously because of these headphones.
So far, so good. Had problems with previous headsets. Not this one
Its a nice headset, works wonderful ,I use it daily.
I have owed expensive headsets but Astro-A10 are way better than all of them
Works great as advertised. A lot of capabilities for $
Works great and easy to use and install. Great for gamers
I was told they work great they were a christmas present
My husband loves the headset so much he bought my so a pair
Great product would recommend to any person !!!!!!
Good sound quality, extra long cord makes for convince.
I recommended my son love it because is easy to handle
Works as intended. I absolutely love this thing. Cant imagine life without it.
I would definitely recommend this product great quality.
For the price I think it’s a very good performing headset!
The best bang for the price... great quality sound
Happy fortnight teen says it all. Great sound and mic
My 16year old loves these and uses them for online chatter
Bought for grandson for gami g. Likes them very much
This is the best headset to buy for cheap and talk to ur friends.
My son loves these headphones !!! He wanted these exact ones & was very happy !!!
This headset is one that I have never used before and it blew my mind
Great product, good value. Sound cancelling. Would purchase again.
Highly recommend headphones, comfortable to wear for a long playing sessions.
This works great with xbox one and really great price.
Bought this for my ten year old son and hes really enjoying it.
best money spent.... son loved them. He stop using old ones....
My son loves using them when he plays his gaming system!
Its a middle of the road set that works well. The fit is good
The kids love the sound quality and the softness around the headphone.
I bought it for my son’s Xbox and he loves it. Cheaper than amazon
Excellent headset under $50. You will not regret the purchase.
Amazing sound and my boys absolutely love these headphones.
Great product. Works as intended. Comfortable and secure to wear.
This a avesome headset for Xbox One,is incredible too
my son is into gaming and he really really loves these. i highly recommend them.
My son uses this for his Xbox one and we haven’t had any problems yet.
Needed a secobd head ste to play in two xbox ones x
This headset works well. Sound is very good, and mic seems to be clear when talking to others on Live. It does create a little bit of fatigue around my ears after an hour or so, but not enough to interrupt gaming.
These earphones last about half a year with moderate play. They work well and do as they are supposed to, but do not last. Buying the warranty will insure uninterrupted Fortnite gameplay.
Needed a good headset for gaming that wouldnt break the bank and so far these are performing great. Very light weight on the head and the cloth earpieces do not cause my ears to sweat.
This headset is way more strudy then the flimsy x12 turtle beaches. The mic has better noise cancellation. The headset is a little heavy then the turtles so i would recommend breaks in between so u dont strain your neck
This headset provides great noise cancelling while playing and has a really good mic which allows me to properly make call-outs to my friends and lets me hear my enemies come from behind me
I have the much more expensive A40 set and my son wanted a pair. I got him this pair and he loves them. The construction is impressive for the price and he seems to prefer them over the cloud x he had prior
Got these for my son. Best overall value. I have $200 A40s, wich are great, but not $140 dollars better. If I could do it over again I would get these for myself as well.
The sound clarity is wonderful! I bought item for my child to use with an xbox x. The price was reasonable compared to other headsets. We have not had any issues with this item.
I usually don’t write reviews but this headphones for gamings are a nice deal for only $60 you can hear the quality nice while playing video games like battleground you can hear clearly the steps
Best Gaming Headset Ive owned in a while. And for the price its a steal. A must have for any gamer. Astro Gaming - A10 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Xbox One - Green/black
It was difficult finding a great headset for an affordable price, but I finally chose this product and dont regret it one bit. The sound quality is stellar for the price! :)
This is high quality headset that performs well for the price point. I have used the higher tier Astro headsets and love them, but this is a good alternative if looking to save some money.
I have had Astro A50 and A40. Have to say for the price, you can’t beat this headset. Sound is great , headset itself is comfortable to wear and no recharge needed. Give this a try!
Great headset extremely comfortable and sound is amazing. The prefer brands for me are Turtle beach, Astro and Razer which brings games like Call of Duty and Battlefield to life.
these were purchased for my sons gaming. very durable and great product for a great price.
Will not find a a better headset at this price point. Durable, comfortable, and also look good.
The quality far exceeded my expectations. Priced reasonably and paired perfectly with ps4 and my sons phone. Great product.
The astro a10 is a good quality headset that any gamer would need to play games in silent with some good sounds
These are great headphones for gaming. They are durable and they have a comfortable fit.
My teenager uses these when hes playing Xbox 360 and hes happy with how they work.
Haven’t had any problems with this mic no ecos or nothing I can also use with Nintendo switch
I really love the headset! It’s incredible and I could hear clearly! Haven’t had a problem w it since I got it!
Had an issue with my Bluetooth headset. Made the switch to this and it’s been great.
I love this headset. It’s almost like you’re part of the game when using it. Only downside I see is the cord isn’t kid proof.
Good stuff works well with the Xbox no complaints I would definitely recommend to a friend
My son has gone through several headphones and he said these are by far the most comfortable headphones he has used.
with the warranty is good because my kids play very hard and the headset suffer some damage.
These suckers are quality headphones. Perfect for playing call of duty
Great purchase. Finally a headset that doesn’t break after a few uses. Great for the gamer!
went to BestBuy looking for head set for grandson Xbox 1 the staff was great helping me on my decision he loves the set.
Bought these headsets for my son & he loves them. A great headset for the money. It is a great headset for the price range.
Great headset for competitive gaming and cheap and seems to last a long time
Great headset for the gaming experience. Excellent and affordable.
This head set is both comfortable and functional. It works well and the cord is detachable for easy replacement.
These are the Best Gaming headset for the price. You cant beat the price if your in the mark of fining gaming headset.
The headphones sound great and are great for quiet gaming but I wish they were wireless
These head phones are by far my favorite. Can hear as clear as day on them.
Got this headset for my Xbox one S amd they are awesome! The ear cups are super soft and the sound is pretty dam good.
My son love how the headphone are soft on the ear and it’s a good price for beginners
Good headset, but doesn’t have the greatest headset jack. Just don’t fall asleep in them & you’ll be fine
This is literally my holy grail. I absolutely love the feel and sound. It’s high quality.
I like this headset a lot it works very well I’d recommend it to anyone
Well constructed and comfortable. Love this product.
Perfect headset, sound quality is perfect and very well made.
This headset has amazing sound quality for the cheap price!!!
Works great for gaming, great sound. Highly recommended
This is an awesome headset for the money. Great quality.
They are very comfortable and for 60 dollars not bad at all
Very comfortable and ver light. Easy to use and set up
Good sound, I like the heavy bass, feel great on my ears.
Kid loves it! Great Xmas gift. He was so happy .thumbs up
This unit takes everything a 10 year old can give it
My son loves these..Perfect..Great buy..excellent sound!!
The headset is really nice, deep bass and very clear audio.
My grandson really liked his gaming headset for Christmas
Work great has great sound cant believe how light they are
great headset for a great price especially if its for a kid
This headset is perfect for gaming. Would recommend!
Very great price and great quality. Crystal clear sound
This headset works great with my xbox and was a good price.
Really good for the price nice sound great for gaming
For the value and use of this headset it works great!
Very comfortable to use. Clear sound. Excellent price.
Great headset for a gamer. My 9Year old will love it.
I was very pleased with how quickly we received them.
Got these for her online gaming and she’s loves them.
Amazing headphones for the price. Also very comfortable.
This headset is not bad comfortable for. Great sound.
It’s a great headset for everything. Would recommend
Great product great service have no complaints... c
I initially purchased the headset for my daughter. It has great sound and cancels out any external noise. The mute feature is a plus. The headset is light weight and very comfortable.
My son has been using these for several months and he absolutely loves them. Likes that you can just flick up the mic to mute yourself too.
My son is a gamer and has moved through the upgrades from this brand. He likes this one and said the mic is better than previous versions.
The headset feels durable, more durable then x12, this upgrade has a way better mic for noise cancellation, if a fan is blowing near buy A10 cancel the wind sound out, x12 wont
Was looking to get new headphones and was talked into Astro’s by sales rep and was great choice. Have metal parts instead of plastic so less change of breaking.
These headphones really work great for my XBox OneS. They are clear and the memory foam make wearing them for extended periods of time comfortable.
I totally recommended people to get this brand. Astros been a great brand since they day I bought my first headphones.
My son loves this thing. Its comfortable and fits well. Keeps the noise down also and that is a plus. Now if they only made something to stop him from game raging lol
I can’t say that they are better than my Astro A50’s but for only $60 there is no better option. The Sound and mic are great. Good build quality and are practically unbreakable
As all my other astro headsets have been, this one is fantastic. Great entry price point, too. If youre on the fence, definitely better than any similar offerings from turtle beach or others.
BOUGHT THIS AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR MY NEPHEW. HE WANTED THIS TO BE ABLE TO PLAY ON HIS XBOX. HE LOVES IT! GREAT SOUND AND MIC ALSO WORKS GREAT!
If you are looking for a no nonsense headset that sounds great, is comfortable, and has the cool feature of a flip up to mute microphone, than this is it.
My son loves these headphones. The only heads up is that I had to buy an adapter which was an additional $30 because his Xbox One has the older plug in.
Bought this for my son so he can use on his Xbox One and Ps4. Set up is a breeze just connect to either controller and you are ready to go. Sound quality is great.
Very nice product my son love it. It’s a good idea gift for a teenager. I bought this gaming headset last Christmas. The price is reasonable.
Great headphones for the price, nothing too crazy spec wise. Cant expect much from 60 dollars though. Overall great buy, I do wish the cable was shorter.
I have bought a10 for my Nephew and I and we both love the headset great when playing fortnite and playing Crucible for destiny 2 on the xbox.
I have had this headset for a year and it still functions perfectly! The sound is great and the mic still works well too!
My two sons love them. They have not had any problems with them for the past year. They say they are the best headphones they have ever had.
great headset for the price works great buy it....
This headset is great for gaming, it has superb quality sound and holds its charge well. If youre looking for a good quality headset for around $60 this is the one for you.
My son needed a new pair of headphones so after looking and reading reviews I decided on this pair. He loves them so far and I liked the price compared to some of the previous ones I have bought for him
There amazing quality good brand would buy again only down fall is the turn on and off problem where they will not turn back on is the only problem with them
My son has used this headset and is happy with how it works and the quality. I did purchase the warranty and used it after about a year with no questions asked.
Fits good around a kids ear not to big for adults and the volume cant be raised to much perfect for kids not for extreme gamers
The son needed a new headset and I bought this one. Hes a demanding customer and has no complaints. In fact, he rarely comes up for air. I think thats a thumbs up.
My son uses Astro headset all the time. This was my first one. Since I dont use gaming headsets as much as he, he suggested it. Im glad I bought it. Comfortable and sounds great.
these are aswesome for both movies and gaming. really comfortable. only complaint is it cannot use standard cables so you have to find a way to deal with the long cable.
These are the most comfortable headphones I’ve had in the price range. Great comfort. The sound quality surprised me as well. For $60 I can’t be happier.
This is a great has work begin her or not serious gamers. The price is great and also very comfortable. Just make sure that you have the adapter for your controller
Clear mic, great sound quality, easy use. Better than hyper x cloud stinger. Will definitely recommend to a friend
These headphones are really great. My only issue is that it provides no muffling of outside sound at all. You can hear almost everything going on around you.
This item was recommended by the sales associate at the store as a great item for a 12 yr old. So far no issues and we are very happy with this purchase..
Bought these for my son. He loves them and they are very comfortable. Great into headset for the money and great sound. highly recommend in its price range.
Purchased this headset because a more expensive one quit working. Thought that the quality would be noticeable but it has over performed all expectations.
This product has the nice feature of being blue tooth but it has had some issues with the microphone. Sound quality is good and decent comfort.
Bought these for my son and so far he hasn’t broken them and they seem to work great so all in all a great buy.
Great Gaming headset for the money get Bestbuy Warranty they are great if any problems They will replace so far no problems
Its used by my daughter - so yea - I dont have to listen to the noise! She says they work fine - just what she needed.
Bought this for my son who was in the market for a headset for his Xbox. He loves it, doesn’t complain about the sound quality.
Love the headset has great sound and havent had any issues
This headset is amazing for a decent price! Would recommend for any platform
Bought this for my son a while back and he still has them. Uses them often so they are definitely being used a lot.
Grandson loves the  headset.  He said he can hear everything in the game
Ive been using this headset for almost 2 years and shes held up nicely. It has good sound but I have had complaints from other people that the mic picks up a lot of unwanted sound.
ASTRO IS BEEN ALWAYS THE BEST COMPANY IF YOURE GOING TO GET A HEADSET...THE PRICE IS VERY AFFORDABLE AND THE QUALITY IS ALWAYS THE BEST, I PURCHASED THIS HEADSET BECAUSE I DONT WANT TO DISTURB PEOPLE AROUND ME, SPECIALLY IN THE LIVING ROOM AND THIS HEADSET ITS PERFECT BECAUSE I CAN GO 1/4 OF THE FULL VOLUME AND LISTEN TO EVERYTHING AROUND ME....   IT IS VERY POWERFUL , TRUST ME YOU WILL NOT GOING TO BE disappointed!!!!!!!!!
Its awesome, amazing, fantastic. Cant go wrong!!
This is a good product & a good gift for my kids at a fair price & they enjoy them
Headphones are clear and mic works well. Have to unplug and re plug occasionally for them to work. Not the most comfortable but good enough.
Bought these to replace a crackling pair of Turtle Beach headphones. Great sound and pretty good noise cancelation.
Works well. Good sound quality. Does the job well.
Good set of headphones for kids starting to play video games. Seems durable and fits comfortably on. Good price as well.
My son needed new headphones so he went with these!
I bought other headsets and for the price these are great quality headset
Bought this for my teenage son and he loved it. Great for gaming!
Sound amazing. Mic works well also. Voices and gameplay sound is clear.
My son is 14 and uses this headset for gaming. He loves it! He said the square on the top is ok but it begins to hurt if you play for too long.
Durable even for teen gamers, Who tend to be destructive at times
Great headset. Good sound and the easiest set up. Highly recommend.
My son enjoys this head set. Maybe next time Ill get him another one
The best headset so far and we tried a lot of them.
These headphones with the microphone has been a lifesaver. I no linger need to hear the whole conversations my son has while playing Xbox. The microphone is sensitive enough that he doesn’t have to scream into it.
Good for the price I would recommend this item to others
Good sound to block every one And foucus in the game
My nephew like it a lot. Sound so loud. Give 5 
Works much better than the other brand. Excellent!
Makes my ear hurt after a long time because I wear glasses.
This has been perfect for a reasonably picky teenager.  They are comfortable, have good sound accuracy and sensitivity, the mic works well - and he likes that its flexible and you can mute by putting it straight up.  Its been durable, too.  No issues - would definitely recommend this headset.  Great value.
Grandson picked this out.  He is 11. He uses it for his xbox
This is great so others cant hear what my online friends are saying
These A10s sound great and the Xbox one x has a built in headphones surround sound and the A10 work perfectly with it.
I bought this for my son. Nice and very inexpensive.
My husband is a gamer and couldn’t tell the difference between these and turtle beaches. These were a little more expensive but overall ok.
Good product for a reasonable price and the sound quality is good
they survived my sons rigorous use and battery - continue to work and provide seamless speech and audio quality
Cant wait to see how long this headset lasts, otherwise great pair
This headset has worked flawlessly.  We are very happy with the choice.
I bought this headset for gaming purposes of course but it is a very well designed mic. Good audio and adjustable mic.
Purchased a lot of headsets for the boys most of them break down rather quickly this one is still going strong .
Definitely preferre these over turtle beach. And the warranty for it unbelievable I believe for 10$ you get 2 years of a replacement for the headphones I was more happy when I got to know about that. Now I know if anything at all Happens I could replace it.
This was not purchased by my own use, but my son seems to like it.
Works great with my XBox and never an issue. Very comfortable over eats. Great price too.
Great quality of a headset!! My son loves it!!! Very durable.
