Definitely wouldnt say that this headset "Lets you hear every detail with precise clarity". The sound is a little muffled, in my opinion. if you want awsome sound youre gonna need to spend a little more.
I was recommended these in the store but havent had the greatest experience as of yet. I actually went back to my cheap version as these gave me a bit of headache. The volume also isnt optimal. I will continue to try.
My son complains about the speaker volume/headset and how long it takes to connect and get volume. When its unplugged we hear the conversation but it does not always connect to headset.
Quality is always decent by Astro. But they definitely arent the most comfortable by them. Stiff headband is my biggest complaint. Made a great gift for my girlfriend who lightly uses them.
Not bad, entry level have issues with Volume in headphone with Xbox. Never really worked as well as I wanted but in the end at the price point they worked
They are good for basic gaming but they get very uncomfortable and hot on your ears. Your ears feel like there being baked in a oven. Other than that there great
I think these would be ok if you use a mixamp or any other kind of preamp. Just plugging into a controller they are way to quiet.
My son really likes these but he said sometimes the sound cuts out. We bought the wireless to see if those work better.
It’s ok if you don’t want to spend to much. Heard a little static but after a few adjustments it works alright.
I liked the quality of the headset and it worked well, but the ear pads were not as comfortable as other headsets I have used.
Sound went out after a year and had to buy headphones that were four times the price but worth it
Not the best quality in materials or sound, but it is worth the price if you are looking to upgrade your setup on a budget.
The volume doesnt go alp very loud. I bought these for my husband as a gift.
They are decent. For the price Id spend a little more and go with some wireless ones.
The headset are great only complaint is that they don’t have a mute button
A little hard foam. There durability is the question, they seem like they’ll last, if they do there worth it.
Nothing great about these gaming headphones... probably works well enough for small kids.
When it works, it works great but the mic keeps stopping so weve had to exchange twice.
Son enjoys using the headset with Xbox one. Sound and voice quality is good for the price
Sound was off. My sound from cheapy plantronics worked better and clearer. Crazy comfortable though
Wanted to like them. Too heavy. Mediocre sound and uncomfortable
I’m not that impressed. I had to buy a $40 amp to get decent volume.
For a wired head set it is ok. But wireless is much nicer
Item is good but the cord is too long and is easily broken.
Worked well. Grandson had no complaints! Would buy again
Was great, but didn’t last long. Can’t hear anything.
I bought this headset literally yesterday.. worked fine sound was alright now All of sudden u can’t talk or hear ppl talking back to u in game. I paid $80 with the warranty for these and will be getting my money back tomorrow. Hundreds of ppl have the same problem with these just go look at the forms on Astro’s website urself before buying these! Best Buy is a great company and I buy all of my electronics here. I swear by their service and warrantys so this has nothing to do with them just this headset in general..I was told by ppl these were great and I was proven wrong in one day of owning them
These were recommended to me by a friend. But, it seems that they arent very good quality. The wire port is already messing up. If it wiggles, you cant hear in one ear. Also, (idk if this is user error), I cant get the mic to work with chat at all. So, imo these are a huge thumbs down from me.
I dont have a big head but these headphones fit snug. That can be a good thing so they dont slip off easily, but they start to hurt after a couple hours of wear. They are NOT noise cancelling or isolating in any way. It also picks up background noise very easily and you cant hear your own voice while in chat. Bought these for $59.99 and I think its too steep for what you get.
Horrible quality. Was extremely disappointed upon purchasing and setting up, returned to store the same day, within 3hours of purchasing. Online players complained about echoing and sound quality was very poor. Would NOT recommend anybody purchasing this. Better quality mics available for $20 compared to this at $60
Just gave these to my son after purchasing last month. He was very disappointed since there was sound coming only from the left ear. He has it hooked up to his xbox one. Disappointed. Will exchange tomorrow and see how it goes.
This headset was the best at first. I would use it everyday for fortnite with my friends. One day it just stopped working. why.
This headset worked for one week. They were recommended by a Best Buy employee. Sad to say they did not live up to expectations.
Headset would not install although rated for my Grandson’s console and controller, had to return!
These headphones did not work properly. We were on line with tech support and still unable to get them to work.
Stopped working on the third day. Overpriced and bad quality. I should have purchased the extended warranty.
My son purchased these headphones to use with his Xbox One. He only used them 2 or 3 weeks and the mic broke.
Bought this for my son and the mic stopped working within days.
These headphones are terrible. Dont waste your money. The mic broke within a couple of days.
You put this on cant hear the TV. The game doesnt come through ear phones just voices
I bought these hoping they would be better than my free earbuds that came with my cell phone. WRONG!!!!
These are hot garbage. From sound to quality, wouldn’t recommend. Stick with turtle beach.
This headset is not great at all. A waste of money. Grade: C-
I am not pleased with this product and. Eat but would not take it back.
I had high hopes for this headset since Astro has made quality products in the past but this headset is terrible.I had a Polk Audio headset (which they stopped making but were awesome and heavy duty) and these in comparison sound terrible. The sound seems so distant and it has zero noise canceling to them, I can hear everything that is going on around me.Last but not least the top of the headset, they really went on the cheap here. Astro should have made the pad go across the top of the headset, instead they just put a small pad so the weight of the headset sits on a small portion of your head. I only played for an hour or so before it started to hurt and I had to adjust them.Look at getting a different headset, these are not even worth $60.
Just because they are astro they are no where near as good as the A40 or A50. The pair i had lasted a couple months before the mic, which you flip up to mute, started cracking like crazy. The aux cable was also making cracking noises as well. So if youre planning on doing any heavy gaming with these dont expect them to last long. The only positive is that they are comfortable, look decent and are a good price.
The sound quality is above average with this headset, but only when it works. It cuts out for 2-5 seconds every now and then within a few days of purchasing, and there was no damage to the cord / headset. Also, if you plan on wearing this headset for more than 2 hours at a time, I would recommend looking elsewhere. The padding is comfortable at first but after a few hours it hurts my ears and the top of my head leaving them aching for a while after taking it off.
I have a fairly small head for a mid-thirties guy, and these were just too loose. If I leaned forward, they would fall onto my keyboard.Additionally, my friends on the other end of the microphone complained that my voice was too low, even with all of the volumes cranked to 100%.
Only one side played audio. It did wirelessly connect, it sounded OK (1 side) and the microphone worked. But cant really rate since when I returned I got a different model. Chicken farts stink... trust me I once slept for.....?
Wanted to get headphones for using my Xbox one and it honestly doesnt work for extended periods of time. I have to unplug from the headphone and controller after two hours,which defeats the package saying it has long lasting comfort.
These headsets usually last 2 or 3 months. This one broke after 2 weeks. Have tried all brands and its the same for every one. None last longer than 2 or 3 months. Always purchase the protection plan.
The headphones sound pretty good. Unfortunately at times Im told people cant hear me clearly as I sound like Im in a tunnel. I would suggest in spending a little more and getting a better quality headset.
The six cord stopped working in less than a few months and I take care of my products it’s probably from the cord being so long shorten the cord
Audio seemed to come and go in one or the other ear muff, had to constantly wiggle the cable to get the sound back.
Decent headphones but honestly, turtle beaches are far louder, cleaner and have a mute option. This A10 cant compare to TB
Good volumeSounds goodNo mute button!Does what its suppose to but other than thatNo thanks bro.
The wire came loose in the headset only 5 days into the buy. Not sure what happened but wont be getting another one.
The sounds quality is good but I don’t like the mic. You can hear yourself and you end up talking loud for everyone to hear.
Bought these for my sister and when she went to use them the right ear didnt work.
Make sure you buy the extended warranty my son has went through three of these headphones
mic stop working six months after purchase, waste of money
I purchased this item for my son, He always has issues with it.
The product was too heavy. I had to return it a few days later.
Yes, I shouldve bought the warranty. Havent had a year and already broken.
This product lasted about one year before it quit working.
There was no sound on one side. Very poor built headset.
after a week of use the headsets began to creak. Sound is alright
I went to Best Buy and bought my son a pair of gaming headphones that didn’t work (he couldn’t hear anything through them even when they tested them) and we ended up back at the store later that day. Then the manager suggested these (for $20 more) and they were supposed to be “way better/one of the best” but after like a week they also ended up not working. Maybe I should ask them at the store to check them out before I buy them!?!?!?!
If you want mic monitor you have 2 options, game/chat to 10% with mic monitor at 100% or putthe mic almost in your mouth and sound like Kyle Ren. Sound is great, if you don’t mind not being able to hear yourself or what’s being picked up by your mic, aka getting yelled at because you’re breathing is audible, it’s great
My son loved the gaming headphones, but the cords were not as sturdy as would be preferred. Got the Protection Plan though, and Best Buy is good to ALWAYS honor them as they are written. Thank You for our replacement. The new one has withstood the rigorous playing styles of my kids.
I bought these on Black Friday per the advice of a Best Buy employee. Honestly Im pretty disappointed with how they sound. I am an audio engineer by trade so please understand I am speaking thru that lense. I owed the the standard $50 Xbox pair and loved they way they sounded however my dog chewed them up (doh) I do really like the way that they feel
Its a decent headset for a beginner. Headset is a bit heavy so it becomes a little uncomfortable as time passes and the wire is a little too long as well. Im not 8ft tall to need such a extremely long wire to plug into the controller.
Good headphones for kids. Its not the best quality, but it definitely has pleased my 9 year old. I had to return the first pair because the headphone cord piece broke off into the headphones when my son tried to pull it out.
First off Ive got to say that I own the Astro A40 headset with the TR MixAmp Pro. These dont sound great, but theyre also not bad. I plugged them into my amp and they just kind of have an echo kind of like youre in a concert hall or something.
Great sound quality, very VERY durable. The only con I do have for these is that they were heavy and hurt my head/ ears after a few hours of gameplay. Other than that, very good headphones.
We thought this would be a good gaming headset but we were disappointed.
Did not pair up with the xbox one like the box displayed
My son needed additional parts (not sure what) to make these work on his PC so we returned them.... not sure of quality bc they didnt work without that piece.
Good headset for the price. Very happy with this purchase.
I do not recommend buying this headset. It makes my ears red/hot and hurt. Earbuds/IEMs are definitely a better alternative
The left side of the headset has stopped working. I need to bring it back to exchange it for a new one or get my money back.
it would probably be OK if it was a kid using them but for myself or my man didnt seem to have consistent good quality it would blank out off and on and so that is why i only give it 2 stars
This headset is awful when it comes to comfort. Either I have a giant head or this headset is too restricting. It compresses against your head way too tight and is not comfortable for extended gaming sessions. Sound quality and mic are what this headset excels at though. So if you have a smaller head than me this is definitely the headset for you.
Don’t buy this, broke in 2 weeks. The cord stops working/the mic will stay muted at random times. Total crap product.
This is a nice headset. My wife and son use it with the Xbox One.
My son loved these headphones at first but they did not last long for a 14 yr old. He said they were not the best sound quality but he did like the fit of them
