These are very good earbuds - discrete, fits securely - doesnt fall off even when running - and has quite good sound. However, the connection can be a bit spotty - quite a few drops in connections, resulting in gaps in playback, when the phone is in my pocket. So, the phone has to be held in my hand to maintain a good connection. Not so good for walking to work! But still, its a great pair of earbuds, and perfect on the commute, and on runs - just no good for walking to work!
Easy to pair With Iphone X,  good fit pop them in and off you go!  Sound clarity very good for what I paid, I tried Apple version and tbh not a lot of difference and they look better.
I really like this product. Easy to use & recharge with up to 12 hours life. Sound quality really good. I think VFM 
These are a really neat earbud that does a good job of blocking out external noise while delivering quality sound. They fit pretty snug so dont fall out easily - i think ive only caught them once when taking off my coat. On a build quality note, there is a magnet in the charging case that keeps the lid closed. I noticed today this has become loose and so is a -1 on quality. One thing that seems to be annoying is that even though the earbuds are in the charging case, sometimes then dont drop the bluetooth connection like they are supposed to. Im not sure if they charge if they still have the connection and my early use of them meant the battery was being drained during the day so on the evening commute meant i couldnt use them. I now check in my phone settings that they have disconnected and if not i disconnect them manually from the phone. Overall though for the price they are great
Ive tested a few totally wireless headphones and have to say these are one of the best. They are lightweight and comfortable in the ear. The battery lasts a good 3-4hrs but I aware this may decrease over time. I have many Anker products. I am pleased to say these headphone certainly have the build quality I have come to expect from Anker and would certainty recommend these if you are looking for a truly wireless headphone experience.
Im very happy with these. Neat charging case, good battery life, great sound, very secure fit, very easy to set up and connect. Very, very good for the money
- good product, great value, good quality calls, decent life, comfortable design and feel. I guess only small improvement would be touch button. However, 10/10 overall for price.
Been looking for a while and finally found a decent set for a good price. Gave them a good test with music from AC/DC, Dire Straits, Pink Floyd and Stevie Wonder. Sound quality is and these are now my new favourite set of BT earbuds
Great product once again!
As all the other reviews have already said. Sound volume isnt to high but it suits me. Sound quality is good. I had a technical issue but was swiftly sorted by anker support.
For the price, these are great. So far Im loving everything about the Liberty Neos. Fit whilst I realise is personal works perfect for me, with the units recessed neatly into my ear and the small fins helping to further secure them. Sound quality seems great and well balanced.
Outstanding earphones for the price. Bought as a backup for a Bose set of bluetooth earphones and now I am torn between both. Guardian paper recommended.
Accidently lost one so the other one doesnt work now
I already have the over ear ones and as they were on offer thought I would get them. Great sound from them would say as good as my old Apple ones. Only wish I had waited 1 more day because they were reduced another 8 but cant have everything..
Really good product, easy set up and connectivity, good quality audio for a Bluetooth as far as I can tell. Certainly good for the price- I have seen some that are three times as expensive with no real discernible quality improvement.
Very good earbuds - only slightly bettered by the liberty air due to their touch controls and appearance. I think these are a more secure fit though if youre a jogger or similar and dont mind the physical buttons pushing into your ears!
Working as expected. Sound quality is great
Highly recommended wireless earbuds
The review after the dotted line is my original opinion however after speaking to the amazing customer service at Anker/Soundcore they sent me a set that is fully working and now I feel like i should add come comments about how good they really are. Sound Quality - I have used many headphone but this is the first time I have tried "Graphene-Enhanced Sound" the sound is clear and has a good amount of bass that is not overpowering, treble is great and not piercing. Overall great sound but i would like it is they were a little louder (Personal preference). No delay in sound when using Youtube, Nextlix or VLC player. Battery - The stated 3 1/2 hours stated is easy to achieve if you are playing at a reasonable volume level, if you use them at lower volumes like i do in the office they will easily last longer than the stated time. I can get 3 charges out of the case without any problems. Pairing - Easy and faultless every time, you can even used each earpiece individually. IPX5 Protection - Not really tested this much but i go use them at the gym and they have had no issue with sweat so far. Build/Fit - Great build quality to the case and earphones however I would say the case is a little large and not really something i can put in my work trousers, not really an issue but I felt it is worth mentioning. They fit my ears perfectly, I tried the wing tips which do make they very secure but i found in the end i did not need them at all. Very happy with the headphones and even happier with the customer service! Would recommend to anyone who wants a wire free experience without a huge price tag. ---------- Before you continue continue reading this review the reason it got two stars from me was due to receiving two faulty products with different faults. It would have been one star but the customer support from Anker was excellent. First set arrived (all pictures of of the first item apart from the last image), the products was packed well and looked great. They Paired straight away and that is when I noticed the first issue. One of the ear pieces was producing a cracking/distorted sound when the volume was turned up, any slight amount of bass would cause this. I contacted Anker via email, I have had many Anker products and I knew they would reply quickly. I got a response in less than 24 hours and after we ran though a few troubleshooting steps they determined the item would need replacing. I was told to dispose of the item safely and a new one would be on its was to me, a couple of days later my new set arrived. The new item paired straight away just like the first set, the sound was excellent and I was very happy with the headphones. Used them in the day/evening until the battery died and then put them on charge, this is where I discovered the next fault. The three lights came on to indicate charging, so i left them on charge for a while (This can be seen in the very last image). The headphones do not actually charge, the three lights come on while they are "charging" but even after hours nothing has happened. I later watched a few videos on YouTube and discovered that the lights should slowly flash as they charge, gradually building up from one light to three and then three steady lights when theyre fully charged. Clearly these were also faulty, very disappointed as the sound and build quality of these very amazing and exactly what i was looking for. Unfortunately I do not have the money to spend on a product that has not worked twice for various reasons so I will be returning them for a refund. Once again if they were fully working they would have been great and the customer support from Anker was excellent as always. This will not put me off buying Anker products in the future but these headphones clearly arent for me.
Great bit of kit I use these all the time at the gym and they stay in my ears while running!!
I havent open it yet , and  i buy it because friends of my have it and they recommended to me, specially wears it when they doing sports. and they said that the item is awesome !!  i trust my friends definitely! so I will give it to my niece as a gift, and i am sure she will like it. Awesome!!
Nice design, long battery life and great sound quality! Absolutely love them!
I’m not normally a fan of earbuds but found that it’s hard to avoid this style when it comes to wireless earphones. I wanted a cheaper alternative to Apple do decided to give these a go based on other online reviews. I use these for the gym and they stay in place perfectly even when exercising. They have a twist in design which allows you to fix them into your ears to stay put. Even though I don’t like earbuds normally they are very comfortable. The sound quality is great - not the best ever but not funny and a decent enough bass and block out background noise. Overall, amazing value and I’m really happy with them!
The design of the earphones is nice, fit well and comfy. It comes with a selection of earpieces to ensure you get the right fit. The sound quality is really good. I love Anker as a brand and these live up to it. The price point is amazing for the quality. The only downside I have found is the volume is a bit lacking. I cant find any way to get what I would consider a good maximum volume. It has been suggested trying a different earpiece on the earphones. Overall, great. Highly Recommend.
Very comfortable and great sound. You can spend a lot more and get a lot less.
Excellent sound quality- a lot more bass than another pair of similar headphones at this price. Effortless Bluetooth connection and a very comfortable fit with lots of different sized ear buds. These fit really nicely into the ear and do not stick out too far. They are magnetically held into the charging case and pop in without any effort. I would recommend these without hesitation.
Great size, nice and subtle. Charge is fine for short bursts of listening, like a bus ride (lasts about 3 hours). Takes 1h30mins to fully charge case and earbuds. Beautiful design and fits in ear nicely - no fear of falling out. Sound is excellent.
Great product - excellent sound, battery life and portability. Also, Anker’s customer service is superb - recently the left earbud stopped working after only 9 months so I contacted Anker and a couple of emails later they had issued a replacement which was with me within 4 days. Superb service.
I was really pleased with the headphones, the quality when listening to music is brilliant. They are also really well priced. I would highly recommend.
I have used these for a week now. My week has included runs of up to 15 miles in pouring rain. So far Im very impressed. They pair easily and connect the minute you take them out if the case. Your phone will tell you the charge level as they connect.  I havent even charged the case yet, its on 2/3 power after 5 uses. Battery life seems fine; on my 15 miler they ran for over two hours with no problems. The fit is great straight out of the box, I attached the mid size "wings too; they havent so much as moved inside my massive hairy ears in 5 tough runs with very wet ears! There is only only button on each bud so controls are limited, I miss not being able to change volume but I guess thats a necessary limitation. The right bud skips forward, the left bud skips back, both pause. The left one activates siri which works fine (well as fine as siri ever works). You can use one bud but only the right one on its own as it is the master, this works fine on a run, you only lose that dipstick siri. So onto the negatives. The bass could be a little deeper, they are pretty poor out of the box but improve if you take time fitting the buds to your ears and tweak your EQ settings. The bass also seems to improve after a few uses. Another negative is the left ear experiences very minor drop outs occasionally but nothing to bother about. So whats the verdict? Well I need a second set of buds at work and I will buy these without hesitation - I think that sums it up Genuine review, written by tech council registered engineer, sound enthusiast and marathon runner :)
Checking the reviews the Liberty Neos came highly recommended and I have to completely agree with those reviews. Sound quality is excellent, fit is so good they stay in my ears without the ear wings, even when using a vibroplate at the gym. Sound isolation is not complete but then these arent supposed to be noise cancelling. Battery capacity could be better but as I only use them for the gym, roughly 8 hrs a week, one charge of the holder per week is enough. Using them for a full day would need a lot more charging but an enforced break after 3.5 hours is probably a very good thing despite them being very comfortable. Bluetooth connection has been easy and connectivity is solid. Needing a new set of headphones for the gym I decided to go wireless, buying a competitors totally wireless product left me seriously disappointed.  At twice the price the sound wasnt as good probably due to poor fitting and the right ear piece kept falling out. These are now unused as the Liberty Neos are so good.
Based upon the price I paid for these earbuds I expected them to be adequate. They are not, they are excellent. The case is good quality, not metal, but very nicely made and fits easily in a pocket. They pair quickly with my phone and have only dropped connection (momentarily) once in over 40 hours of listening. On top of all this the sound quality is extremely good with a surprising amount of bass for something so small. They are not going to threaten earbuds costing hundreds of pounds but they are truly excellent value for money.
Great quality sound but not a very long distance for the bluetooth as sometimes disconnect while in the pocket .
Good sound bass good easy to set up Value at offer price
great...
These are the best value true wireless earphones you can buy! Super comfy and stay in through hours of running! Sound quality is great for the price, obviously not quite the same as Bose or Powerbeats Pro but for the price it’s great! Also since they’re sweat proof when you’re working out you don’t need the incredible sound quality of the more expensive counterparts. Overall very pleased with the product and would definitely recommend!
Absolutely perfect for gym work outs and general listening. The price is very reasonable too. They do not fall out your ear and fit perfect with good quality sound both for bass and treble.
Got these but didnt want to put a review on until I had time to try them out. Really good and easy to charge, connect and use. Phone does need to be reasonable close else the signal goes. I would say it is best for listening to music but not very good for answering calls. Overall a great product.
