It sounds pretty good but the battery doesnt last that long. After a full charge, it lost a 1/3 within an hour or so of very light use. Also I am not 100% sure on the quality of the case, feels a bit flimsy unlike the other Anker products I have purchased in the past.
These generally work really well but with my phone (S9+) just in my front pocket I regularly experience signal dropout.  They seems to be affected by external interference, so they can be absolutely fine and then I walk into an area (presumably with a lot of extraneous Bluetooth noise) and they just drop out until I take my phone out of my pocket. Very annoying as I had a really cheap set from another manufacturer (poorer sound quality) that never had this problem.
Received a packaging tape instead of this Earbuds
True Wireless Earbuds, Soundcore Liberty bought a set of these for my holidays soon as I used them found a problem with the left ear bud making a crackling noise turned them off a left for a couple of hours ,tried again ,still crackling . got in touch with Anker  when I got home went trough the trouble shooting ,didnt work . Anker sent another pair out this time these would not pair with my phone ,more trouble shooting from Anker ,didnt work .  Part Anker response  was (Its very rare to hear the both of the products are defective from one customer ) so I must be very unlucky or the products are of poor quality . I will avoid Anker products in future .
I have been using these earbuds for around 2 weeks now Positives: 1. Battery life is good 2. Build quality is better than other earbuds in similar price range 3. Lots of options for different ear shapes and sizes Negatives: 1. Sound quality is not impressive, over all volume is okay but its very flat. I cannot hear the higher notes and overall sounds muffled 2. Feel uncomfortable even after using these for less than an hour 3. Cuts out in high noise areas like train station (where there is a lot of RF interference). You cant keep your phone in your pocket and have to hold it near the earbuds to make them work 4. On some occasions, I have noticed that while my phone is connected to the earbuds, the audio plays through the phone speaker. This could be a phone issue. I believe my biggest concern is the audio quality. The poor performance at higher frequencies makes the sound very muffled and flat. You can watch a video but listening to music is where the sound suffers. I will use this for a few more days but if I am not convinced then might return earbuds.
Despite being fully charged I found that one of the earbuds dropped out every few seconds which made listening to music impossible. These are not of the same quality as othe Anker products I have owned. Returned for refund.
Saw these online and I thought they look great and from the reviews would sound great also.  I can agree on the product looking great, and definitely don’t have a ‘cheapy look’ about them, however the sound quality isn’t what I expected.  The bass wasn’t as good as I wanted and I bought into the product description that they would be decent in that arena.  I’m not expecting miracles from 41 earphones but was disappointed in that arena. Just to highlight what I liked and didn’t please read on below:- Liked - 1.  Quality feel. 2.  Look very nice. 3.  Battery life. Didn’t like 1.  Background noise - I have a soft top Audi and when I’m driving (which is quite a lot) everyone tells me that there is a lot of background noise. 2.  Call quality - There is interference/static, pretty much every time when I make a call.  It’s not a lot but enough to annoy me. 3.  Fall out of my ears when I’ve gone for a run.  They stay in my ears fine when I’m not running but definitely can’t stay IN my ears when I am. It’s a shame as I really liked the look and was hoping that they’d be the ones I want but unfortunately not.
I bought my pair using a discount code making it 42 and I would say for what I got that it is decent. For 60, I would not recommend these as there are competitors which are cheaper than the more expensive price and offering comparable features and quality. I do enjoy the convenience of being able to carry small and wireless ear buds however this is not unique to this product. Sound quality is perfectly adequate for your average consumer offering quite a full bodied listening experience when you have the ear buds sitting in you ear correctly. Unfortunately, I find it quite difficult to actually get it to sit in my ears correctly and often have to try several times to achieve this. Anker suggests that you turn the ear bud to lock it in your ear but this doesnt always help. When the ear bud is not in correctly, the seal is incomplete and there is a definite drop in quality, particularly bass, which is a major no bueno and may put you off due to the hassle. When the buds are in correctly though, they do sound good and I would say the noise isolation is phenomenal (probably an exaggeration but it is good) as long as that seal is tight, just a shame its difficult to achieve. Taking the ear buds out of the case more or less instantly pairs to your device. If you want to listen to both ear buds, the right bud is the master and the left is the slave and I dont believe there is a way to change this. You can listen to music or take calls using only the left ear bud by pairing it separately but you cant then pull out the right ear bud from the case and start listening in stereo, you need to pop the ear buds back into the case so they disconnect, then pull the right ear bud out first so it pairs then pull out the left ear bud. Quite a lengthy process. This is not an issue if you typically use your right ear for calls and such and want to go stereo so this is more a me problem and most other ear buds have the same set up. The ear buds probably take far too long to disconnect from my device when I pop them in the case. They immediately stop the sound coming from the buds however will not disconnect until a further 10-20 seconds therefore if youre listening to a video or music, the auto pause doesnt kick in until they have disconnected fully. Another note, when in stereo mode, cupping the right ear bud will often drop the connection between the buds which some people may do studying, leaning on a table etc. Last note, range doesnt seem to be the greatest and is possibly a third less to my other wireless earphones (not truly wireless). This is annoying as coupled with turning your head can really break a connection quite badly since your head is so good at blocking bluetooth. TL;DR Hard to make a good seal in ear canal and cannot recommend for the full price of 60, at a discounted price...maybe.
The Unit is not charging itself at all, therefore Earbuds are not fully charged if you are away from your phone more than 3 meters there is no connection any more. Background sound is interrupting to listen to your music. This is my 3rd trial of Anker Wireless Headphone, and each of them had either design and technical fault. The companies it used to spend time and energy in product design other than copy cat production, I can see there is great pressure from Chinese production and innovation line, but without the vigorous test, none of the product should be put on sale neither by Anker nor by Amazon.
Sound quality and build is good. No real complain about battery life, however it keeps cutting out while moving around which is annoying and also the left earbud will not connect on its own , so always have to have the right side charged otherwise it does not connect. Reference Ticket#58743982 Hi Kaitlyn, The left earbud will not connect as a single separate device to my Bluetooth device if the right earbud is being charged, whereas the right earbud can connect as a single device while both in use and a single device when left earbud is being charged. The device also cuts out randomly in certain location and comes back either louder or lower volume. Specially in public places , not sure if there is interference with other peoples devices in close vicinity.
I have had Anker Bluetooth earbuds for a while so I tried these based on other product’s performance. Unfortunately the battery life is less than three hours! Not the Anker battery performance I am used to having with my earbuds.
The battery life is bad, you can get about two to three hours at a time and the sound is average at best. Theyre useful to throw in your bag as a backup but arent nearly good enough to be your main set of headphones.
I found the sound quality good, bass was excellent despite what others have said so overall happy with the sound. The ergonomics of the earbuds are slightly less appealing. They are very bulky and stick out of the ears a long way. Also, they are not that secure in the ears. When cycling and you turn your head, they can easily fall out. Finally, for phone calls, the sound and mic is good but the Bluetooth cuts out every few seconds which is annoying. It could be my phone but I dont  have this issue with other earbuds ive used.
I bought this item a week ago and they have never worked. the pairing with the mobile is intermittent all the time. Maybe I received a faulty one. I will return it.
I bought this item to listen to Audible books, mainly for use when running or commuting.  Having read a number of reviews, none seemed ideal.  So I chose the Anker one because I have bought many excellent Anker products before and had built up some trust. The product looks great initially.  Good quality item.  The earbuds fitted very well and were comfortable. But I had to return the product for two main reasons: The volume was simply not loud enough.  When travelling on tubes and busy streets, you need to ramp up the volume temporarily.  While it might not be so important if youre listening to music, its vital if youre listening to books or podcasts. The problem was compounded by another issue:  you CANNOT adjust the volume from the earbuds; instead you must adjust this on your phone.  I think this is a huge design flaw.  A typical London commute involves a lot of changes of ambient sound. When youre bustling along busy streets, on buses, on tubes you really dont want to get your phone out to change the volume. Nor when youre out for a run. Im really surprised that Anker didnt factor in these things.
Bought the Anker Liberty Neos on prime day for 35. Find them very uncomfortable, tried different combinations of the ear size bits provided but still no luck. The little rubber hook that keeps the bud in place causes discomfort. But they sound ok and battery life is as good as stated. Contacted Anker and the agent that replied even agreed they found them uncomfortable aswell, then recommended two other models at double cost (100) which is no help, at that price you can pick a more reputable headphone manufacturer.
I trust Anker as a brand and that is what lured me to look at ANKER for my wireless earbud solution. I have only had it 2 days now and so far; Sound Quality ROCKS - listening to an array of different genres of music and it delivers! satisfied the first pillar of what makes a great pair or head/earphones. No issues with power so far! Pairing is great. pairs instantly! Shook my head vigorously and they didnt fall out! be sure to change the buds for your ear type! The one thing I was hoping was that I will be able to use it for phone calls as well! You Can BUT it picks up all the background noise. it is such a shame that I have to be mindful where I am to use this for a call making solution. So what would have been a solid 9 has gone down to a entry level 4. I have had to return them because of the poor phone audio quality
