Zolo Liberty are awesome. They are just right. Perfect sound when you are using them to talk with people. For music it’s got great sound. Bass ain’t perfect but it sounds good. My only CON with them it’s that I wish that both earbuds would sound when in a phone call. For the rest, they are great.
best earphones ever!
[EDIT REVIEW 5/5] I am going to leave the original review up as a record of what happened, but I just wanted to let everyone know that Anker Zolo contacted me and went above and beyond in communication and support on this issue.  They ended up expediting me a new pair of Liberty+ to make up for the problems I was getting with my liberty+ and also the issues with my original Liberty.  I can now confidently say that Anker is a good company and will take care of you 100% in the case of defect or failure.  I have never had a company so willing to go out of their way to make things right like anger did. That being said, I still recommend the Liberty+ over the original Liberty due to, in my experience, better connectivity, audio quality, and feature set.  Me and my friends mentioned below all ended up using the transparent audio feature WAY more than we thought we would at the gym.  It allowed us to clearly hear people talking and noises around us while still being able to enjoy music. After my experience I have to say, even with the issues I personally had, my Liberty+ are my go to pair of headphones on ALL occasions now, and they are without a doubt the best sounding, the most comfortable, and the most useful pair of wireless headphones I have ever purchased. I now highly recommend you give them a shot! [/EDIT] [ ORIGINAL REVIEW 1/5 ] A Great Idea You Should Stay Away From! A few days ago I purchased the ZOLO Liberty headphones for working out, and for the first 24Hrs I was amazed.  The packaging, build quality, sound quality, and call quality were amazing.  These things sound great, and I physically COULD NOT get them to fall out no matter how much jumping around or how hard I shook my head. These things werent going anywhere.  I loved them so much for the first 24Hrs I recommended them to two of my friends who each placed an order for a set of their own.  Now you might be asking yourself at this point, why is this a 1 star review if they were so amazing? 24Hrs later... The left ear bud started cutting out.  I thought maybe the reset would fix it, but to no avail.  I tried charging them all the way up, draining them all the way, doing the reset procedure in the manual which specifically talks about this problem, AND I tried syncing on another iPhone.  The problem got so bad, they started cutting out 4-5 times per SONG.  Then things got worse, the left ear started cutting out and then a few seconds later, both buds would disconnect and then 4-5 seconds later reconnect.  I had to rush to my friends and have them cancel their orders before they wasted their money. I contacted the ZOLO support number included in the box, and they were very helpful and arranged for this pair which they believe to be a defect, and a rare occurrence ( despite many reviews with the same issue on both amazon and youtube review channels ) to be returned but said I would be better off ordering a replacement through amazon so I could get a replacement sooner ( prime shipping vs. ZOLO standard 3-5 day shipping ).  In the end I decided to hold off on the original return for a few days so I could see if the Liberty+ model acted any differently and to see if it was worth ordering them instead of a straight replacement of the standard Liberty. I have since done a ton of research on these now, and from what I can tell, this problem has been resolved with the ZOLO Liberty+ model using bluetooth 5.0 instead of 4.2 ( Confirmed by Youtube reviewers who had issues with original Liberty and didnt have any issues with the Plus model ).  I have ordered myself a pair of those and hope that they wont have the same issue as these, but this is where I ran into another issue.  The friends I mentioned earlier changed their order to the Liberty+ as well, but ordered theirs 24Hrs AFTER I ordered my Liberty+ and theirs have both shipped ( coming to the same town ) and two days later mine still say order placed.  I have now placed a NEW order for another pair of Liberty+ and we will see which ships first ( somehow they say they will arrive on the same day??? ). These headphones are great, when they work...  So do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY FROM LIBERTY. Buy the Liberty+ model instead if you are interested in these headphones. So far I am very disappointed as I am now $400 in on these headphones ( 1 Liberty and 2 Liberty+ as they wont ship even though amazon shows in stock ) just trying to get my hands on a pair that works. I love the product, but they have some issues.  If anyone from Anker ZOLO sees this and could make something happen that would be great, thanks!
I often work nights in a warehouse and these are great sounding headphones that don’t get in the way of my work. Battery life is exceptional and the charging case works quickly. I have tried AirPods before but did not find them comfortable for use longer than half an hour. The interchangeable ear inserts as well as the outer ear hook customization made it super easy to make these headphones stay in and stay comfortable. The sound quality is nothing to write home about, but for true wireless headphones I can’t complain. These work great at lower volumes so you can still hear what’s going on around you.
Great sound, good quality material.
They work great. I like the sound quality, I use them with my phone in the car and do not experience static or external noises
Love this product! Bought as a flash sale but would definitely buy again!  Sound quality comparable to my Bose wire-free buds but love the fact that they dont stick out from my ear like Bose. Comfortable and secure fit.
These sounded great, felt good in ear.  Not bad for price.
When I first bought these earbuds, I absolutely fell in love with them and even immediately bought a second pair for someone else. The sound quality was outstanding (great bass, great highs and lows), the fit was great (it came with 3 pairs of ear tips + 4 pairs of fitting jackets around the earbuds), and the passive noise isolation was stellar. The left earbud did drop its connection occasionally and was jarring for the first 3-4 times, but was not a big deal thereafter. However, after 3 months of use, the gold-toned mesh netting on the became clogged and sound started becoming muted. I contacted Anker Support and they offered to send me a replacement pair of buds immediately. I ended up cleaning the mesh netting rather tediously and didnt return the product. Then, after 5 months, the left earbuds volume was shot and I contacted Anker support again. The interaction process was great, and I got a new pair of earbuds from them (without having to deal with the hassle of returning the old ones!). I also had a delivery problem on my end (not brought on by anything Anker or USPS did), but the support staff sent me a new pair despite the old one not yet having been returned back to their facilities. Long story short, these earbuds are phenomenal but not durable; however, Anker support is there to help you in every step of the way if you need.
I have to say, I have been searching for a reliable pair of bluetooth headphones for quite a while now.  I tried (and returned) a few different off-brand devices.  I have tried JayBird and Monster devices.  I contemplated trying some devices from Bose, but I thought I would try these from Anker. Anker has been building goodwill with me in my home for years now.  Im finding more and more looking for Ankers version to a solution, so this purchase was a natural progression.  I thought I would give them a try before I would spend more than double on a Bose device. I was very skeptical of trying earbuds, I preferred corded bluetooth devices because I thought that they were less likely to be lost.  These devices hold in my ear very snuggly.  I never worry about these falling out. Pairing is amazing, pull them out of the case and they automatically turn on.  I havent had any dropping issues that some other reviewed are reporting.  The sound is clear.  Admittedly, Im not an audiophile thought.  The device just works well. Battery life is at about four hours non-stop and then you need to seat them back into the charger. I was concerned with the size, these arent too big, they nest into my ears nicely without looking too obvious.  Very comfortable! Im smitten with my purchase, so much that Ive decided to write a review.  Great job Anker.  I know Anker reviewed Amazon reviews, so Im hoping that the next iteration is smaller, with a longer battery life and that you extend the pass through audio option to this model.  Sometimes these devices are too efficient with blocking noise around you.  These arent complaints, only some feedback to the Anker team. Great job Anker! UPDATE: After using these things non-stop for about five days, I have some feedback that I would really like Anker to address in this (or future iterations of the device).  The device is biased toward the right-ear.  What I mean by that, if you pull just the right ear device, you can use this device as a single pod in your ear.  I keep one of these devices in my ear in my office.  My right ear faces the door, so I want to keep that ear free, so in order to keep only one pod in my ear, I need to pull both out of the case, keep the right pod on, but sitting on my desk and keep the left pod in my ear.  An ideal solution would be to have an app for this device that maybe allows the user to determine what pod should be a primary pod.  This would actually kill two birds with one stone, because it would allow the user to keep the pod designated as the secondary in the charger keeping it juiced up and then when the primary device dies, you can swap them out and change the primary in the app. This leads me to my second wish on this device.  I wish they had an app that allows the user to check battery life, change the EQ of the pods, change the primary/secondary pod etc.  Some of Ankers competitors (JayBird) does this very thing, I would love to see the product develop this functionality.  I know the Liberty+ has an app, I dont know the functionality though. Everything about this update doesnt change my love for this product, I still think Anker hit a homerun with this product, these are just feature requests.  I know Anker reads these.
These are excellent.  Easy to pair, and both earbuds stay in sync.  But what really stands out is the audio.  Bass response is fantastic.  Much better than my jaybirds.  Treble and mid range are fine.  Comes with a carrying that makes charging very easy.  And, you dont look like a dork like the iphone buds. Range is great...i can go more than 20 or 30 feet through obstructions with no loss of audio. One wierd issue is that when making/receiving calls, audio only is out of one earbud. That stinks.
Saw some reviews mentioning the left ear "dropping out" and experienced it myself. I REALLY trust Anker, so I kept using them and the problem went away. (4 hours straight last Friday, no issues whatsoever!) bought a pair for my girlfriend, and a new pair of the Liberty+ for me, since my phone supports Bluetooth 5.0 and Im EXTREMELY happy with both models. Will recommend to all my friends!
These have worked great for me so far (~2 months)! No issues with connectivity, can leave my phone in my gym bag in the cubby and be lifting weights 20 feet away and have no issues. I run in them too, and they stay put. Make sure to try out the different sizes of ear buds and stabilizer thingies, it really makes a difference in the fit and security in your ear. Found out one of my ears is totally shaped differently than the other - once I figure that out and changed the ear bud sizes for that one ear, they are super sturdy.
The headphones work great. I had some issues after 6 months of use and the customer support was great and helped resolve the issue hassle free. I had always heard great reviews of the Anker Customer support but never had a reason to use them. Between the quality of the headphones and the great customer service I will continue to buy Anker products. More on the headphones, I have these and another pair of completely wire free headphones that were over $150. I personally like these more and feel that they have better battery life and sound quality.
Not only are these headphones amazing but customer service goes above and beyond for the consumer. Never have experienced anything like it before! Must buy!
Ear  peaces are very good. Battery case is a little bit heavy.
First of all, I hate wires!  These earphones accomplish that perfectly.  The sound quality is second to none.  The battery life is beautiful considering how small these are.  I put them on for a run every day and after the run I put them back into their case to recharge.  The case charge lasts at least a couple weeks.  When I pull them out, they auto turn on and my phone finds them.  When I put them back they auto turn off.  Pairing was extremely easy as well. The many different ear pieces make it very easy to find that perfect fit.  They sit beautifully in my ear and have never even started to fall out.  I would definitely recommend these!
These headphones are amazing! I’ve been a long time customer of anything Anker-related because of the quality of their products as well as their customer service. These headphones are very lightweight and fit very snug in your ears. I’ve taken them on runs and do not worry that they will fall off. Battery life is amazing since the carrying case charges them while they are inside the case. I use them for about 2 hours a day and charge the case once every 3 weeks maybe? Very convenient. The only thing I didn’t give 5 stars for is the sound, but that may just be an issue for me as I’m used to listening to music super loud. Overall the volume is still generous. I would and have recommended these headphones to family and friends. It’s definitely a smart investment if you need truly wireless headphones. I’ve purchased Samsung Gear Iconx before and was very disappointed. I would return them and buy another pair of these Zolo if I could.
All good.  Who needs apple?!
Great for what it is. Although, I had constant connection drops when at the gym. For this reason I couldnt keep using it. Will see if its bluetooth .5 version will be better.
These earbuds are amazing I use them atleast 5 hours a day and the charging case stays charged for 1 to 2 weeks they sound great but are a bit bulky overall I love these earbuds
So, I want to preface my review with the fact that I have only used these today (bought them today), but they seem to be perfect! They fit in my ear perfectly. The sound is very clear. The price point for this level of earbuds is awesome!. The case is the perfect size (it can fit in a pocket) and it charges quickly. FYI, I run ALOT. I did a short run today (a little over 3 miles) in the heat of the day (imagine lots of sweating) and there were NO issues with them moving around in my ear, falling out, etc. They stayed put which says a lot since every other earbud I have ever used needed regular adjustment in my ear once I started sweating. So, far the best earbuds I have ever owned. Excellent investment.
I really like this product because of the quality of earbuds that lock into your ear.  Great enhance sound quality and easy navigation with one touch on your right earpiece! You can go 2-3 days without charging the case.  Also, I received great customer service from Rochelle Pascual via telephone support!! . She resolved my problem in a timely manner. I absolutely love this product!!!
I originally purchased the Anker Soundcore Liberty Lite earbuds (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07CB7Y44K/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0) but they were constantly cutting out and disconnecting from my phone.  The manufacturer contacted me and sent me this set as a replacement and these work MUCH better.  Though theyre a little large for my ears, the sound quality is better, the connection to my phone is solid, and the battery life is as advertised.  Id definitely recommend the Anker Zolo Liberty+ earbuds!
Great!  These are my go to Bluetooth earbuds.  They are always charged thanks to the case they are stored in.  Sound great and are very comfortable. Will not fall out of my ear.
UPDATE: As a result of this review I was contacted by Anker support and they offered to replace my earbuds again. Im improving my review to 4 stars despite having had two units fail because of Ankers continued exceptional service. The new unit arrived last week and Ive taken them out twice and they have performed superbly. I did notice on the new device the screen covering the actual audio port has changed from a mesh on the original Kickstarter edition to more of a dot pattern of holes. Im curious as to the change and pleased that Anker is continuing to work to improve these. PREVIOUS REVIEW: I purchased the Zolo Library from a Kickstarter and have enjoyed their quality sound and comfortable fit. It took a little bit to get used to how deeply they needed to be in the ear for a secure fit, but once I did the bass was strong and the overall sound quality enjoyable. Unfortunately I have to give them a low rating for longevity. I’m on my second set and they’ve failed again. Anger service replaced my first set after the driver failed in the right earbud, losing the ability to produce sound beyond ~20% of the other side. Now this replacement set has lasted perhaps a couple of months and the left earbud this time has lost sound and even crackles like when your old speaker has a broken cone. I only wear these when working out, so my only assumption is they have not handed some sweating. They haven’t had any falls out of ears or other damage. I’m hesitant to approach Anker support again seeking a replacement because I’ve already gone there once before.
Great little device. Just love it!
I use these to listen to audio books and answer phone calls. Works well for both. I can listen to books for hours before the charge runs out once. Then I just place them back in their box, I do NOT need to plug it in (very convenient) and it recharges. Only have to plug in the charging box once every few weeks, despite using these daily for hours. Great for busy people. Small charging carrying case even fits in a tiny purse.
They are the bomb
I started with a pair of Liberty Lites, which were terrible.  I was hesitant to try another from the same brand, but these are a vast improvement for not much extra money.  And though the sound isn’t audiophile quality, they hold their own compared to others I’ve tried in stores (Bose). The case is compact and holds plenty of charge to keep these going for an extended period away from an outlet.  I use them for exercising and the batteries haven’t even gone halfway down with over two hours of use.  Speaking of exercise, they stay in my ears well and are quite comfortable.  They come with a wide array of fittings, so I don’t imagine many folks won’t find a combination that stays put. If I could find a complaint, it would be that the bass response isn’t going to impress folks, especially anyone used to high-end headphones, but for the money they are very hard to beat.  And that’s a minor complaint because the bass is really good enough. If you are looking for an affordable pair of truly wireless headphones, these will do nicely.
Great sound and comfort... Impressive customer service as well... Will be sticking with Anker for my earphones in the future..
I like them.  First unit I received worked well for 3 months, then left unit stopped charging.  Anker quickly responded and sent a whole new product which works great.  Love the fit and they have never fallen out.
Sound is ok. Left earbud sometimes loses connection and have to switch off/on a couple of times to get it connected again. Great battery life with case. Not so comfortable in the ears. Update - Anker reached out to me after my review. They sent me a new pair and no connection issue so far. Thumps up Anker for being proactive and taking care of your customers.
Overall theyve been a good experience. Pros: - While theyre not active noise cancelling they do block out a lot of sound because they fit very well into your ear - Sound is good for what they are - Easy to pair with devices Cons: - No multiple bluetooth connection at once. If you have nearby devices that are connected, you must turn off the bluetooth to the device you dont want to connect. - One side, usually the left, doesnt pair or doesnt pair right away
After a few months these started to lose volume and I had to continuously reset them. I must have had a defective pair,but Zolo replaced them as they were under warranty.The new pair works fine. I do like it for things like audiobooks from my Oasis. They are very convenient.
New phone, no headphone jack...you know the rest. Needed new headphones. So I looked around and trusting the Anker brand (mainly for cables, charging devices and car accessories) thought the Zolo Liberty  looked like an interesting solution. I liked them immediately, but to be honest, for the first month I didnt use them too much.  They fit well, were comfortable to wear, good battery life and in-case charging is convenient. They connect immediately to my Pixel 2XL. They offer excellent passive noise cancelling. I sometimes use just one like a traditional Bluetooth earphone for calls. But, there was a problem. I packed them as my only headphones for a trip and while they behaved well in the airport, once on the plane only one of them would stay connected to my phone. I followed the instructions to reset and reconnect, over and over, but for some reason they just wouldnt both stay connected. Since I was strapped into my seat, it definitely wasnt that I got too far from the phone, perhaps there was some interference causing the issue. Thereafter, the problem routinely occured. So when I got back, I sent a note to Anker support. They were incredibly gracious. They suggested a couple of things to try, but the problem persisted. Ultimately they sent another pair, which connects and stays connected. Sometimes great customer service can actually make you feel better about a product even when it was a let-down that encouraged you to contact them in the first place. Anker also told me to keep the problematic pair, so I gave them to a friend at work, and so far they work well for her.
Ive got a decent bit of experience with headphones. Ive had everything from Skull Candys, to multiple pairs of Bose in ear headphones. For any frame of reference, I have always hated how apple headphones fit. They are instantly uncomfortable. I have always preferred the wing tipped headphone like the Bose QC20 or the Soundpeats. INITIALS The packaging is extremely eye catching for a product of this status. You would think its more of a luxury brand then it really is. The box presents you with a storage case, instructions, 3 sets of ear buds, 3 sets of silicone ear grips with multiple sized wings, and 1 ear grips ALREADY ON THE EARBUD that doesnt have a wing (be sure to remove this one before you put another on...) PAIRING Pairing was a bit odd. The act of putting it in the charging case and taking it out is kind of turning it on and off. Taking it out of the case will put it into pairing mode, and it was then paired easily to my phone. The instructions are a little TOO simple for me, but its not hard to figure out. They quickly and automatically re-connect every time you take them out of he case. The right headphone seems to be the "master". The right side can connect by itself, but the left side needs the right to connect. THE CASE The headphones themselves have only a 3.5 hour charge, which is no problem thanks to its battery recharging case, which supposedly has a 24 hour charge on it. Its made of a nice grippy plastic, though the lid can be slightly annoying to get open because of my big meaty hands. There are 3 LEDs on the front of the case that indicate its charge anytime you pick up the case (via accelerometer) or when you open or close the lid, and it charges via micro USB cord. There is a little magnet for the headphones, so when your putting them away, just place them gently in and they pop into place. A+ for the case THE FIT They fit surprisingly securely with the regular silicone jacket, but nothing I would go running with. I put on the silicone jacket with the small wing on it, and it fits snug as a bug, and it isnt coming out unless I want it to.. maybe too snug. I think it can get slightly uncomfortable after an hour of wearing it or so, but your ears can get used to it after some training. More importantly, even with the winged tips on, you dont HAVE to tuck the wing into your ear. You can have it sit on the outside of your ear until you need some extra security, then tuck it in for maximum grip when you need it. THE SOUND Sounds great. Short and sweet. Not as crystal clear as my Bose, but very good bass (but not too much like the Beats). What surprised me is the level of depth they have. If your watching a movie, you really get a great sense of direction and distance, like a surround sound system, from just a pair of stereo headphones. THE CONTROLS Eh.. click one of the buttons and it pauses your music. Everything else they can do isnt worth using in my opinion. THE BIG PROBLEM.. ID LIKE TO START OUT BY SAYING THIS PROBLEM IS NOT CONSISTENT. I didnt initially notice this, but it has a slight problem with disconnecting. If you phone is in your hands as you watch a movie, its fine. But I noticed if it is in my pocket with my hand on top of it, it will cut out for a second or two. A huge shame, but with some management it can be doable. But this shouldnt be a problem for wireless headphones.. your main concern should be connectivity. Again, this problem isnt consistent. Sometimes I cant have it in my pocket with no issues. Other times, I have to put it in my breast pocket to keep it connected to prevent it from briefly cutting out. Overall, I really enjoy these headphones. Id like to give it a 3.5 really, for the connectivity issues. But for the issues it may have I enjoy them alot.
Got these headphones for Christmas, so Ive had about a month to work with them. The headphones themselves are fantastic. Theyre shaped well and I dont feel like theyd fall out even with heavy motion. The battery life and charge time is fantastic, and the charging case is a good size as well, with a 3 LED battery reading on the front. The sound coming out of these is unreal. With my previous wired earbuds, I would have to turn the volume up to about 3-4 notches past half on my phone. With these, I regularly listen at around half because the sound is loud, crisp, and full. Unfortunately, there are a few downfalls. Im not going to knock them for my MacBook producing crackling/distorting audio when connected to these, as my phone works fine. However there are two major issues and those are latency and the connection. I attempted to watch a movie using these and was unable to get a quarter of the way through it without switching to speakers - there is a noticeable amount of lag between turning volume up/down, skipping songs, or, when watching videos, the audio and video are out of sync due to the headphone latency. I didnt buy these to watch movies, though. Another minor problem is that the left earbud cannot function alone, while the right can. The second major issue is that when listening to music, occasionally the left earbud will disconnect for a split second then immediately come back. Its not enough to warrant getting a different pair, but its enough to be annoyed by. I read some reviews after I got these, and was thinking "Well, they might have just had defective units. Probably wont happen to mine." It does. Pretty sure it happens to all of them. Still going to use them non-stop because they are some of the best sounding headphones Ive ever used.
Good product
The sound is great. Because I have small ears, the ear covers hurt my ears after a short while. The battery life is great but the ear buds stick out pretty far it looks like a bug is in you ear. Could be because I have small ears.  Customer Service was immediately on the issue. Could not be happier with their help!
I bought a pair of bragi earbuds before I bought these. I loved the bragi until they started to fade out on one ear. I buy these and they are going strong after a month of solid use. The highs and lows are easy to identify. They are such a good fit that I cant hear what is going on around me. I know it bothers people that you can only get calls in one ear, but it is useful if you are in public and need to take a call but still need to pay attention to the surroundings around you. You can take the left earbud out and you are good to go. I like this product. Very well made. The only problem is that the magnets in the carrying case are weak and If you accidentally drop the case, the earbuds will come out.
These are great. They for perfectly without any of the accessories. The battery is amazing. The only "issue" Ive experienced has been that in rare occasions the left bud intermittently disconnects. This has happened on very rare occasions and it resolved very quickly.
I initially received a set of headphones that were defective in that the lead earbud would go out within seconds of turning the units on so I contacted Anker support and received a reply from them in short order.  Correspondence between support and I was fantastic and timely too; they gave me an option of a full refund or to exchange the defective pair with a new pair and I opted for the latter.  I received the new pair quickly and they work like a charm.  This is the first wireless headphones I have used or listened to at all but Ive been happy with the experience so far and battery life hasnt been too bad for my level of use.  All in all, I am very satisfied with my experience and will definitely continue looking at Anker as a possible purchase when looking at future products.
These are great headphones and because of the price. I have tried several bluetooth headphones, even some that are 4 times the price and I keep coming back to these. They fit well, not heavy in your ear, sounds is good, phone connection is great and all for an amazing price. Only downside is that calls come in only in one ear, but most do that.
I think these are fantastic earbuds. Im an average user and I find the sound to be great, often Ill only use one because otherwise it tunes out noise a fair bit. They fit fine in my ear although I have to fiddle around a bit so they feel secure. The battery life is great. I had slight issues with the first one and the seller responded promptly and sent me a replacement pair, which is why I am an Anker loyalist. Great quality, good prices and responsive service.
good
I was an original backer of these on Kickstarter, and I am happy to report Anker definitely came through. First, and most importantly: the connection: I am happy to report that the connection is overall very solid. It’s definitely not an issue for me, something important for true wireless headphones. Second, the battery life: I use mine for a few hours at a time then put in the charging case, and have plenty of juice left when I’m done listening. The charging case is solid and feels great. The audio quality is excellent as well. A real step above the AirPods, to my ears. Highly reccomended!
First off I have the Liberty Plus  but the Plus site does not allow reviews unless you bought them on Amazon. I have had them a month now thru Kickstarter.  They do sound really good for a wireless earphone.  The range of sound and clarity is better than any bluetooth sets I have. This includes a few no-name brands and a Bose.  However they arent as good as good corded headphones but that is not a fair comparison.  But it is worth mentioning= if someone wants really good sound quality I would avoid wireless altogether. The clarity of sound of these is striking as most bluetooth sets sound muddy and/or tinny. The life per charge (listed 3.5 hrs) is acceptable to me but if you are not talking or listening all that time (such as on stand-by) it is more like 6 hours. They come with a solid little case that has a battery and recharges it in 1.5 hours without an outlet.  It can recharge it several times before the case itself needs a recharge. I sympathize with those who say it wont pair well.  Initially mine did not also which was discouraging.  But if you check the manual,  there are directions about this: take both out of the case and immediately double tap each unit simultaneously .  They then paired and have paired well since then. There are two things I like about these: -In one-sided mode for phone calls, the microphone pickup quality is good.  I was surprised about this.  I gave up on Bluetooth headsets as I tried 3 different Motorolas and two Jawbones and they all were JUNK: either couldnt hear voices with phone calls, or fell out of the ear.  So far this Liberty plus had not fallen out of my ear and I can hear callers voices very clearly. -The second thing that is good is the feature called transparency.  It uses its microphones to let you listen around you, since they seal out sound moderately well. However it needs some refinement.  It has a fairly noticeable background hiss that is annoying, and in wind it is plain loud.  They might want to take a cue from other "hearing aid" apps that filter out extraneous noise such as "Fennex".  This is a very good listening app and it allows you compensate for "background noise" and is much quieter. So far, I think they are worth the 149 asking price.  I did not compare with Apples EarPods.  I cant bring myself to wear them and they just look flat out silly to me.  Im only willing to go so far for techs sake.  The other listed wireless buds that got high reviews in WireCutters reviews, which I consult often, were much more expensive (Errato and Jabra). Update: I have had them for months and still think they are great.  I lent them to a friend who is normally not interested in high tech items just to try them out. She wont give them back!
Amazing
These are the best ear buds I have used. Couldnt be happier. I had to return the first set but Anker made it right with just a few emails.
These Zolo earbuds are AWESOME! They’re comfortable, lightweight, have a 40’ plus range and have a reasonably good battery life, but the sound is what sets them apart -they are amazing! The charging case is also extremely cool and sturdy/hefty. However, what made me keep them- is NO CHANNEL DROPPING. This is the number one thing that sends new earbuds sailing back to the manufacturer. Earbuds that don’t drop one (or both) channels are rare as rooster teeth. The reviewers that hated on these buds must have gotten a pair made on a Monday or Friday...
I love my Zolo Liberty headphones. I ordered them months ago and got quite a few months of use before the left ear piece started to cut out more and more frequently. Then, the right earbud stopped working completely, which is necessary for phone calls and such, so I unpaired and repaired (on phone and the buds themselves). I google searched, I synced and re-synced and then I finally reached out to Anker. My inquiry was immediately addressed and I was provided with instructions on resetting the device. I tried all the methods but to no avail. I contacted Anker again with an update, that I was not able to fix the problem. They immediately sent instructions on how to return the defective item with a postage paid label, and resent the new Zolo Liberty replacement set within like, two days. It was incredible. Thank you SO much!!!
Really like and huge fan of anker. I do notice what others have comment on about left earbud going in and out but it doesn’t happen a ton and will correct itself. Really enjoying not having a cable and they last really long without a charge
Great product, a must for riding the LIRR. They stay charged for a long time. Easily pairs with IPhone.
They are my husbands and he is hard of hearing but enjoys these
Thease things are awesome I can’t complain they have geat fit and sound great batt life is great to
I was looking for a completely wireless set of earbuds for doing yard work and for listening when I am waiting at places like the doctors office. I tried other inexpensive options and was very disappointed with the sound quality or fit.  Not the case with Zolo Liberty Total-Wireless earbuds.  They are awesome and at a very fair price.  The battery life is awesome.  I can listen for 2+ hours in one charge and receive at least 6+ charges from the charging/docking case they stay in. The sound quality is very good and they very quickly and easily connect to my Samsung Note phone. The only slight complaint I could come up with is, for some reason very rarely when I am riding the lawn tractor I might have the audio drop out for a couple seconds in the left earbud.. but it comes right back and I could easily see how some interference could cause this.  Not enough of an issue for me to really complain.  I certainly recommend these and am planning on buying a set for my wife too.
I always have trouble getting earbuds to stay in my ears, so I was especially unsure about buying wireless earbuds.  Boy, Im sure glad that I did buy these though.  They stay in my ears just fine and actually have different size silicone pieces for larger or smaller ear canals.  Ive used them very frequently and never needed to take them out mid-song to charge.  The case charges them and it itself holds a charge for a very long time as well.  I can have my volume at less than 50% and the sound is still so clear.  I cant hear anything other than my music when wearing these.  I would 100% recommend you trying these out.  100% satisfied customer here.
my ears are shaped differently so my left ear has some pain after extended uses while my right ear doesnt, this  is not the products fault. One thing about the earphones is that if I cover my ear the sound will cut off and sometimes even disconnect the 2 earphones. The sound quality is really good for these kinds of buds and it is much better than the competition.
These are great they last forever on battery and sound decent all for a decent price would definetly recomend this.
I really like these earbuds the only issue is that they will momentarily cut out on occasion. The range is decent and they seem to hold up well to sweat.
No cords and nothing around neck
I was really wanting a pair of truly wireless earbuds after all the hype from the AirPods and similar from Sony and Bose, but didnt want to spend crazy money. These came up on a special for under $100 so I took the plunge. Ive been using these a couple of months now and have been really happy. The fit is good. I ended up using the smallest of the rubber pieces they come with and they stay in even on bumpy mountain bike rides. Setup was easy and has been pretty stable. Occasionally theyll get out of sync or have a weird static, but just press pause and give them a second to find each other better and all is well. The sound is actually pretty good too. Nice bass, good mids and highs for the heavy metal and podcasts I mostly listen to. They even do a good job of canceling out most background noise. Ive had to become more aware at work when people are trying to get my attention because I wont hear them behind me. I can get a good 6+hr of play time out of the battery in them as well. The charging case is nice and should give you 5 or 6 charges. The charging cord it came with was defective, but whatever because who doesnt already have 6 other micro-USB cables laying around. Also I didnt realize they came packed with the thinnest rubber wrap already on them, so when I put one of the other ones on it made them too think to sit in the case correctly. I thought it was a bad design until I realized they were double wrapped and now they click into the charging cradle just fine and charge quickly. I wish the charging case had a USB out though so you could use it as a backup battery. So if youre looking for a pair of truly wireless earbuds but dont want to spend the money on the Bose or Sony versions these are a good "budget" option.
very good value hear wish it could go 10% louder.
Ive been very happy with this product. I run almost every day with them. They fit well and work well (for the most part). Sometimes the left one losses connection,but its not been a huge problem. After just a few months, the left one would not hold a charge. I contacted the company and they sent me another set. Pretty impressive. They didnt even ask me to return the old ones.
They work well and stay in when I jjog.  Worth the price for me to upgrade to wireless
These are awesome. Im a runner and even the "wireless" earbuds with the cord between them are a pain to use so Ive been looking for a truly wireless option for a while. They never come loose from my ear while running and I never have them cut out on me. The run time for them is pretty long, at a minimum 4 hours and the case can recharge them many times over.
has some connection dropping issues
I mean, these cost me $45. You arent going to be getting top-notch true wireless earbuds for that money. I bought these as a sort of "test run" before I decided to buy Airpods. I already have a pair of powerbeats3, whihc are great for outdoor/extreme sports activities because they are never falling off. i wanted something for the office that doesnt have the wire connecting my headphones, and these are pretty low-profile and i like that about them a lot. They fit in my ear pretty well, i tried to shake them out, but once they are "locked in," they seem to be pretty secure and block out a lot of external noise. Sound quality is what youd expect for the price, not good by any means, but its good enough for $45. My only complaints: I wish I could change what the actions do. I dont want to use them in combo w/ siri, i wish i could double tap to skip to the next song instead of doing the long press to skip to the next song, and I wish I could use just one earbud at a time. When you put one earbud into the charging case, it disconnects the bluetooth. Id love to have one going at a time while the other is charging - and Id like to be able to to control both skipping to a new song/starting the current song over from just one side. A long press on the left side skips to the next song, a long press of the right earbud starts the current song over. Id like to be able to do all of that from the left side. These re things I can look past since they only cost $45. Id have to jump into something more expensive, like airpods, to get exactly what i want, and i think these will do for now. I have not used them for more than a day so i wont comment on the durability, well see if they hold up! edit: Ive had a few issues w/ the sound cutting out, especially if i bend over at the waist and im picking something up? That seems odd. I had them cut out quite a bit while riding my bike, and im having issues with the left side cutting out when i remove just the right bud. sometimes i like just having one in, if im somewhere i need to hear my surroundings. probably going to return them, the cutting out is just way too often, even with both buds in. really ruins your immersion in the music
Reading reviews about these and bose wireless ear buds both seemed to have the same reviews.  These are the choice i went with because of price point, and I was not disappointed at all.  I have had no issues at all with these and take them to the gym often.  They have a small charging case that keeps them in place so you do not loose them.  Easy to pair with the phone as well.
I’ve had these for a couple of months and use them almost every day. I haven’t had any cut out issues that I read about in other reviews yet. I considered a few other brands that were well over $150 but decided to give these a try when they were a lightening dead at $70. I can say I have been very happy with them so far. The sound quality is great. They seal off most ambient sound which, for me, is a plus. I also haven’t had a problem getting them loud enough. And I am a drummer with at least some hearing loss so take that for what it’s worth. I’ll update if any issues arise but for now at least, these are a great value compared to the higher priced wireless ear pods.
Great product and ease of use no dropped Bluetooth connections.  Easily reconnects (take them out of the case they self power on and reconnect)
These are good till you lose the ear piece with the pairing capability. Update : Anker has sent me a replacement unit to replace the lost ear piece. And every is back to being great.
Great quality in both the build and audio clarity. The initial unboxing was great and came with plenty of accessories such as changeable covers and ear tips. I would highly reccomend this product.
I bought these based on historic happiness with Anker products and the need for some headphones besides standard earbuds.  Took these on a long plane ride and was happy with their ease of use and lack of wires getting tangled up.  But since I have returned from that trip, Ive been using these while walking to/from work and around town and the connectivity is very spotty and disappointing when I have my phone in my pants pocket.  I live in a dense city area, not sure if that contributes.  But if I want to have uninterrupted sound that doesnt constantly go in and out, I need to hold my phone in my hand above my waist which isnt ideal and kind of ruins the ease of maneuverability the wireless feature gives you.  Wish I could return and upgrade to a set with a the better blue tooth version, maybe that would fix this problem.  But this basic versions connectivity makes them hard to recommend if youre moving around and not just sitting with your device in your lap. Update:  I know Im not the first to say this, but Ankers customer service is great and helped resolve my issues.  They offered to let me try out the liberty + model to see if this solved my problem and it seems much better.  Im not exactly sure if the particular regular liberty model I received was just not working well or if thats just how the liberty model itself is, but the liberty plus hasnt had the same issues.  I will say I liked the feel and size of the liberty model better and would recommend them if youre going to use while just sitting around or in an area with minimal interference.  The plus model is a little more bulky, but connectivity is great.  And both models have no risk of falling out of your ear if you use the right covers included with the headphones, thought both were great in that regard for working out.
These are small, easy to use, and have a great battery life. I had issues with the first pair I received, but customer service was prompt, friendly, and replaced them quickly and at no cost to me.
good
These work great! I wear them in school and cant hear ANYONE when theyre in with the volume up. VERY VERY noise cancelling. If youre doing anything TOO active, they might fall out especially if they are newer. They work for my needs, and they are great quality!
These have awesome sound, and the case makes the battery life quite long. However, make sure you get the right fit. I have these for a couple weeks, and they kept falling out. So I switched to the smallest ear tips, and they kept in my ear. Then, I noticed they would still wiggle out just enough to muffle the sound. So I then switched from the standard rubber skin to the smallest ear wing skin. After these 2 changes, these now sound and fit perfect. Nice and snug, great sound and base, and they create a great seal, so I hardly hear anything else around me (which is what I want).
The Perfect answer to air pods. They fit even better and are water resistant. I never expected them to be so comfortable
These are awesome headphones. I was looking for some that were wireless and I knew that I had great luck with Anker products in the past, so I gave these a shot. Sound quality is excellent to me (I’m no audiophile though, just an average listener). The look of the ear buds and case is very nice. They function flawlessly as well. I would recommend these headphones!
These headphones are great.  I was worried they would be loose in my ear, but when you twist them into your ear they feel nice and snug — no worries about them falling out with normal use.  The sound quality is good for their size.  My noise cancelling over-the-head Sony headphones create deeper tones than the ZOLO, but I don’t expect a small wireless ear bud to sound as good as larger headphones.
The quality is really good.
Received a set of Zolo  Liberty  for Christmas  3 months  later my left ear bud want dead . Called  Zolo  for warranty  information,  was sent an email to me asking for proof of purchase and a few other questions.  With in 24 hours  an email was sent back to me say that they were sending me a new set. The next day they arrived at my doorstep.  Now thats what I call customer service satisfaction.  Plus zolo upgraded  me to the Zolo Liberty +. A very Happy customer.
I love these headphones. Exactly what I was looking for. They fit perfectly in my ear. They don’t fall out. Sound is great.
It’s a little bulky in the ear but I love everything else.
Beats AirPods hands down.  I have used a couple of wireless before and this one is by far the best. Great sound, great  battery, great pairing/connection, and good quality! What else can you ask for?
Love these, work well no issues so far. Good fit, so far no strain on ears after wearing a few hours doing yard work.
Work great.  Awesome for listening to music at work and doing yard work.
Pretty true to what it was described but since the headphones are so heavy if you have them in for more than 1 hour my ears start to hurt but with that being said i absolutely love the sound and the headphone overall but now i’m at the point where i’ve had them for about 4-5 months and the right headphone has become more quiet and faint then the other head phone also since the right head phone is the main receiver if you want to have one head phone in and one out it’s gonna have to be the right and that sucks when the right headphone is so much more quiet than the left, but overall good product
had to return...left bud defective...  UPDATE**Anker product (Zolo Customer Support Manager) sent a free replacement for my review...WHAT OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE...the likes not usually seen in todays online marketplace!!!  This company really backs their products 110%...WOULD recommend any of their products for personal use...(I own a wireless speaker that easily compares to JBL, at a fraction of the cost).Hats off to an outstanding experience.  BRAVO!!!
After only a couple of months we did have a problem with the right ear bud.....sound was very muted.  We contacted Anker about it and I have to say I have never experienced better customer service.  We were given a couple of troubleshooting options and when those did not work, Anker issued a return label for the buds.  Once we notified them that we had sent them out, Anker released a new pair to us....we received them the next day.  Everything is working great with the new set.  Our customer service reps name is Joy, and she was certainly a joy to work with.
Ive seen a lot of odd negative reviews on this so far but let me tell you... I am pretty critical when it comes to electronics and these earbuds work near perfect.  Sound quality is above average ... not the best but nowhere near entry level (you get what you pay for).  Take the time to pick the right size gels and ear adapters so they will fit properly (comes with a few sizes).  When done correctly you will have a fairly immersive sound experience and most ambient noise will be blocked out/cancelled.  Also, when sized properly you can use these in the gym with no problem (running, activities, etc.)  I have had no connectivity issues and they stay connected even when I am about 30-50 feet away or so which is very good.  Both earbuds connect right up... I do not have the left one going in and out it does stay connected (a lot of ppl were complaining on this .. maybe you need an exchange if this is happening). So let me touch base with the other gripe on these earbuds.  You do get an audio lag when watching videos.  I have noticed it is not as bad when watching with an iPhone vs android.  If you use the right earbud only (left bud off in charging case) the video will be in perfect audio sync (right earbud is the main unit that pairs to device and sends audio to left bud).  These are probably best for someone who would not mind the out of sync audio (I listen with them at work and half pay attention to videos so it doesnt matter, but again on iPhone its really close to syncing up with the audio) or someone who listens to primarily music.  But, I digress, these earbuds are great for the price and someone who has had regular wired earbuds or entry level Bluetooth, this is a big upgrade.  Overall quality is decent, the charging case is not metal or anything but it doesnt feel like it will break with normal use (and hasnt so far Ive had these for a month or so now).  The battery is very good because its basically a charging bank for the buds... So if you arent using them for long periods of time you will never feel as if the battery life is an issue.  To turn them off means placing them back in the case/dock where they will always be topping off.  You get a few hours of playback at least. I would buy these again because like every battery powered electronic the batteries will only last so long as far as recharges go, but I would probably go with the next model up that allows you to hear ambient noise around you (its a feature you can toggle on and off).  I use these at work a lot and sometimes I cant hear my co-workers lol.  BTW this is my first time that I can remember reviewing anything on amazon.  I look at reviews often and it is easy to spot weird activity.  I was not paid or coaxed into writing this review to get free s**t... I just felt good about this one.  I hope this helps someone make their decision.
Incredible design! These earbuds are amazing. Only issue I have is the one-second delay between the phone audio and the buds. Charging is awesome! Great battery life for the price! Great for workouts and running.
OK, so Im giving these four stars even though I have to return them (not purchased at Amazon). Im testing them with my daily driver s9+. These do nearly everything really well. GREAT fit for me, right out of the box -- felt like they were glued into my ears, seriously, and I tried hard to shake them loose. Good sound for the price, highs a little lacking, but plenty of base. They are especially good when watching streaming channels like Netflix. Controls are well thought out and easy to navigate. OK, now the one bad, that may not be a big deal for you -- but it is for me. I need to use these while keeping my phone in my pocket, like when Im  walking the dog and when traveling, and this is where they unfortunately fall way short. Literally, the moment when i put my phone inside my pocket, the left earbud sound starts to drop out ... clearly losing connection and then reconnecting, so audio interrupts for a second or two. Extremely annoying. Ive tried all the resets and troubleshooting on the forums, no luck. Outside the pocket (holding phone in my hand while I walk) the connection is much better, but even so the left bud also drops out every once in a while. If I didnt need to keep my phone in my pocket while using them, Id keep them, but the lack of connectivity while phone is in pocket is a deal breaker for me.
This is my 4th pair of "truly wireless earbuds".  I have owned Bragi and Samsung iconx to name a few.  Zolo Liberty crushes any of those in every category.  Ease of use is remarkable.  Sound is amazing.  Battery life, when using the rechargeable case, lasts for days.  Also, the price is much lower than any other headphones in its class.
Great fit right out of the case for me and more importantly the most comfortable in-ear headphones Ive used to date.  I love the battery life on this.  Stop listening, put in case, then fully charged for the next time I use them.  Im happy with the audio quality.
They fit in ear well and stay put.  Easy to use and they really block out any outside noise.
I knew what I was buying so I did not have unrealistic expectations.  Bluetooth headphones are going to have less fidelity than wired, almost every time.  But they are under $100, charge quickly, charge lasts and connect easily.  I will say though, that when you have them in, it is hard to hear voices/sounds even when not listening to anything.  Overall, I am fine with the purchase.
Got these on sale. I am pleased.  They work as described.  I dont use them for the gym or athletic endeavors.  Ive mowed the lawn with them in.  They stay.  Build quality seems good. Hard time getting the extra covers on.  Frustrating. Sound quality is good.  They can play loud enough for me, I havent maxed them out yet.  I listen to pop/jazz.  Overall,  I can recommend them.
I was initially going to return these after purchasing the liberty plus earbuds of the same company,  however after using the pluses for a day, they made me appreciate this model even more.  Because of a design difference between the standard and plus models, it made a huge impact on the way these buds fit and stay in the ear.  The smaller and more narrow design they used for the plus, made securing them in my ear for more than a few minutes a big nuisance.  The standard buds , I did not have this issue.  I have decided to keep the standard model now because of this, which really is a huge let down because i was really excited about the extra features that the plus model had,  bit because of their terrible fit, I have to give that up because what good are they if they dont stay in the ear.  I would gladly pay for a firmware update that woyld allow me to use my standard liberty buds like the plus model. Also to add, I feel that the battery life on the standard model was better than the plus.  I can see why they increased the charge of the case because with the plus model, i had to charge more often than i did with the standard.  I have had these for over 2 weeks and have only had to charge the case once. Edit* Just want to add that Anker support is just amazing.  I am perfectly content with these earbuds other than wishing they had the features of the plus  which didnt work for me due to their fitting and anker support has been great in responding and addressing my concerns.  One thing is certain, if you arent happy with a product of theirs, they will make it right, even if it isnt required.
Great product... awesome product for gym. I go 5 days a week and do cardio, weights, etc.. Customer service is the best!
Thoroughly surprised at the quality of the sound and quality. Yes there are better sound quality wired headphones out there and I’m sure the top end ones are pretty good too but all in all I’m content for what I got for what I payed. The range is great; I can walk around the office or home without needed to carry my phone with me. The only real complaint I have is it doesn’t get as loud as I’d want it to.
I, LOVED, these. They are so reasonably priced and the sound quality is top notch. The lock in system is incredibly innovative, and the microphone is pristine. Unfortunately, 3 weeks into owning mine, they became extremely distorted. Never dropped them, never got them wet, and only used them a couple hours a day. Regretfully, I had to return them. Theres no indication of battery levels on the earbuds themselves, and no app to use (you have to spend $50 more to get the Liberty+ version for that). That being said, I only had to charge the actual case twice, and the right ears battery only died once after 4.5 hours of use. Would highly recommend as a starter pair, to see if wireless earbuds are for you!
These are awesome!  Sound quality is PERFECT!  Fit is so comfortable (most earbuds don’t stay in my ears).  They never move no matter how hard I shake my head!  So happy with this purchase!!!
These wireless earpods are amazing!!!! It looks really nice and hold nicely in your ear. Sound is amazing it basically keeps outside noise a great deal, as if you were wearing earbuds to keep noise out. Battery life is fantastic last really well. And they wont fall off of your ear.
I am revising my review as it seems that a bluetooth patch on my phone has fix the connectivity issues I have had with these. The battery life has been solid, the sound quality has been good, and the microphone is good for when I am on the move.
I am a day into my recent purchase of of the Liberty+  and I am pleased to say that nothing in any of the negative reviews has reared their head.  It was a bit tricky to get them paired initially but after that they have been flawless.  The antenna they use combined with Blue Tooth 5 mean these say connected to my phone weather its on the table in the hour 30 feet away or in my pocket.  Sound quality is very good, especially coming from a cheap pair of connected blue tooth head phones.  There is a slight hiss if you activate the the ambient noise mode where the Mic pics up sounds around you, but thats to be expected, but I heard no lag that others reported, I was able to maintain conversations with others while having both buds in.  The mic itself is a tad mushy but I attribute that to it being so far from my mouth, seems like its normal for in ear device.  All in all I am pleased.  Ill come back and update this review if things change int he next few weeks/months.
I’ve worn these several times for the last week, including on several flights. They do a really good job blocking outside noise. The charging case works well and as soon as you take them out of the case they connect to my phone
Bought these from Wal-Mart. I tested them with my iWatch series 3 w/cellular & my iPhone 8. I was able to leave my phone in my house and walk about 70ft way from to the middle of my cul-de-sac before it started breaking up. I ran with my phone to check connection Because that is being the biggest issue with Bluetooth devices for me. They seem to be pairing great but is soon as your phone is in your pocket or you were moving quickly the connection is broken. These two wireless headphones did better than all other regular Bluetooth headphones do for me headphones do for me.  That’s including beats. I however do have an iwatch as I’ve mentioned  so I don’t have to carry my phone. I’ve had several workouts and have had zero issues with connectability. If you have an I watch or any other watch that has cellular service this is an amazing set of headphones to have. One thing that I’m very impressed by is I’ve only charged her twice in three weeks.  The charging case is incredible. What I’ve noticed is that I use these much more than regular Bluetooth headphones because as soon as I’m done with them I put them in the charging case and their recharged. I don’t have to continually remember to charge them every time I get home. I would suggest if you buy these to buy them from Walmart because they are only $99 at Walmart and they are much easier to return. And as always spend the extra eight dollars for the extended warranty it’s always worth it.
not only for music. I expected this for enjoying movie and youtube. even youtube, yes it has delay a little bit, but very acceptable. not like other else even higher price. also paring is easy, simple, and fast.
I read so many reviews about so many and decided to give Solo a try. Im very impressed. Very comfortable and the sound is good try. Perfect for jogging. I highly recommend! thank you
Technophiles:  Main reason why I gave these a 4-star review: Buttons are NOT touch-sensitive. This is important! Many a time physical buttons like the Zolo Liberty WILL CAUSE DISCOMFORT when youre trying to push the button, let alone holding it down to skip the song.  Second reason: These earphones DO NOT have a volume control. Yes, you can turn the volume up or down on your phone, but I have an iPhone 7+. I dont wanna have to take it out of my pocket while Im walking just to lower the volume. Yes, I can press the volume buttons with my phone in my pocket, but not without feeling like a perv feeling up the right side of my leg... Audiophiles:  Sound is great, not perfect. If you want perfect, go to the concert (and by all means, post a shaky, blurry, cacophonous mess on your Facebook timeline, WE ALL LOVE THAT). For the price, these will do the trick and then some. I dont particularly like to listen to music really loud (unless Im at the concert), therefore I usually listen to these no more than half of the volume bars (16 bars total in the iPhone, yes, I counted) and they deliver loud and clear, bass and treble.  I have an eclectic playlist with different genres. These little honey badgers tackled the sound like that guys boot in "The Gods Must Be Crazy". They have a nice range, but dont expect LOTS of bass, thats just one of the examples where size matters. I tried different equalizer settings before I settled for “Jazz” or “Lounge”, they fit most genres, IMHO. I personally bought these because they are convenient to carry and wanted good quality sound and an affordable price. I dont fully regret my purchase, they are nice. How would I improve these, even if I have to pay more? Glad I asked:  Add tactile buttons. Touch&Scroll for volume, Tap for Play/Pause, Double tap on the right earphone for Next Song, Double tap on the left earphone for Previous Song (hold down both earphones to toggle noise cancelling).  Add noise cancelling. Not particularly safe for walking or running, but best when you’re taking the bus, train or flight and you wanna tune out the douche sitting close to you talking loud on the phone with his mom about his promotion or his new puny pug he named “Alpha”. The Zolo Liberty fits nicely in your ear and does acoustically seal the outside noise, but it’s not digital noise-cancelling.  Add an app. I would like to be able to optimize settings, like noise cancelling, tap/touch preferences, phone call options. Overall, not bad, Anker. Not bad…
These where nearly perfect but the fack they have such a huge case didnt work for me or I would have kept them.
Compared to Soundpeats Qy7, these sound better and the lack of umbilical cord is a big plus. They also fit and stay in better. Obviously apples-to-oranges considering the big price difference, but thats what I had before and I have not tried the Airpods or anything else. Ive noticed the issue with the left earpiece cutting out momentarily, but only very occasionally.
First off, i had been holding out for a pair of truly wireless earbuds for a long time.  I dont like the apple airpods mainly because i run a lot and I like the type that either use a rubber or foam fitting.  for reference, i generally prefer the Shure brand of earphones.  Since Shure doesnt currently offer any truly wireless, I was forced to look elsewhere.  I actually bought the the B&O E8 earbuds and used them heavily for 3 weeks.  They were nice but in the end, I couldnt justify the $300 price.  Finally these popped up and Ive had good experience with other Anker products so I figured id give them a try.  At $99, they were priced where I wanted them.  I have an iphone 7, so the Liberty + didnt seem to be worth the extra bit of cash.  I believe the main difference is that you get Bluetooth 5.0 which allows for a longer range on them, but iphone 7 doesnt support 5, so i didnt think it was worth the extra $50.  The other difference was that the + has an app that you can adjust the sound.  That would be nice, but not worth $50 to me.  The E8s had that feature and I liked the ability to dial it in. My advice - these are the best earbuds you can get for the price.  If price is NO object, the E8 is slightly better, but really, not much.  If I had a phone that was Bluetooth 5 capable, I would probably recommend the Liberty+ since you get a much longer range (meaning you could leave your phone plugged in and walk all around the house without needing to carry your phone.) Thanks Anker for the quality product, and I hope you keep innovating on these.
Good sound. Comfortable
I listen to quite a bit of music and havent been the most impressed with these earbuds when it comes to the base. The treble is little higher compared to my liking.  The sound quality is a little above average, thats all. (Sony and JBL earbuds sound very good, FYI). I would say the sound quality overall is on par with Apple Airpods (a little better than Apple Airpods actually). Where I have been impressed are below. Get them if your priorities align with mine. Battery : for a single charge I easily get about 4 hours. And then the case (which is pretty bulky actually - unimpressive) adds another 6 times of charge (24 hours in total). Have been very very happy. (Except for the heavy case which I dont mind honestly) Call quality : my brother (who uses iPhone Xs) had been very impressed with how good my calls sound. He couldnt believe I was on Bluetooth taking to him. Very very happy. Price : for 60$ (got a good deal on Amazon), I couldnt have asked for more. Accessibility : The earbuds click back into the case with ease! Making it very comfortable taking them out and getting them back in. Ive been using it day in and day out and have been a very happy customer. Well done again, Anker.
Got this for myself for Christmas and I love it. Sound quality is great.
Gift
Best value I could find. The buds are comforts Le, I tried the larger stay in attachments, while they worked with my funny little ears, they made them uncomfortable for 20+ minute sessions. The right bud is "smarter" than the left, so you can do only the right, or both, but not only the left.. Akes me think the battery will degrade faster than the left! Great purchase, recommend.
I really wanted to love these! So disappointing. I received these and first thing I noticed was the quality felt really good and solid. They are magnetic and automatically fall into place to charge. They feel premium in your hands and the buttons are clicky. They pair quickly to your phone as described. When I put them in my ears I was amazed at how easily they locked into place for a snug fit right out out the box. The sound quality for Bluetooth in ear noise canceling earbuds I must admit are amazing. You get really deep bass without distortion in the highs. I am just an average user and just know what I like and expect for the price point. The problem begins when you start moving around, which is the main reason most people would buy these. The next day in on a full charge cutting my grass I got 2 1/2 hours of battery life. The left earpiece would cut in and out which sounds and feels like a hot flash. This would happen about every ten minutes after the first hour. I tried the trouble shooting tips to no avail. I thought Id give it another chance the next day but it started again when I started walking. I still wanted to make it work and reached out to anker. Customer service told me to try the same trouble shooting steps through e-mail. I tried and explained that it didnt work, to which they told me about some long process of their warranty to send it in and wait up to 10 days and then they will send another one. I stated that, that is ridiculous when I am a prime member and can just return the product to Amazon and get one inn 2 days.. I may have just gotten a defective one but most of the reviews say the same thing. I usually do very short reviews but felt that this was warranted. I am updating my review based on the great customer service of the Anker staff. They reached out to me to make the experience better so I gave them a shot. The headphone replacement was much better but there seems to be an issue with the bluetooth frequency to be interrupted too easily. I have read some of the reviews about sound quality. I think those people dont adjust their eq settings. My personalized settings were great but I tweaked specifically for the strengths of these earbuds. Great sound and great fit for an average head. My wife is smaller and the medium earbud insert fit her fine. - Jude
Really good product , easy to use , not the best for phones calls but it works , good for gym for light running ( use the right fit for you ) very intuitive
I liked my Jabra Sport earbuds a lot.... But I love these. Better sound and much longer battery life. So far these exceeded expectations!
Nice sound
These are great!  They fit my ears.  Not my kids ears though, so I know they are not right for everyone.  I just recently bought the Liberty+ and experienced something to big for my ear.  Not a good seal.  So sound is meh.  Same experience with Apple’s, which are perfect for my wife, but constantly shifted around in my ears.  It really seems to be about fit when talking about in ear headphones.  Yes, the Bluetooth on these seems a little less stable than the Liberty+ which uses the 5.0 version.  I don’t think they’re as loud or smoothly modulated either.  But the sound!  Great sound for a little package.
The earbuds fit perfectly. I have the same issues of the left side intermittently going out. They appear to be well made. This includes the charging case.
I kid you not -- these are about the best of the wireless earbuds Ive heard, and Ive heard almost all of them, including Apples Air Pods, which dont come anywhere close to the sound the Anker ZOLOs produce, are about twice the price, and look like cigarettes dangling out of your ears. Set-up and pairing are also super easy. Of course, if its made by Anker, you pretty much know youre getting a high-quality product at a great price. These are no exception.
Pretty cool. Great Price! Sounds good however the left earbud tends to drop out from time to time and usually several times in a row but quickly re-connects
The sound is amazing.  Fits nicely & comfortably.  Very high quality for the price.  Highly recommended.  No hesitation!
Purchased this and it was ok for the first couple of months...then went all down hill.  Of course by that time I was not eligible for a refund.  Does not sync well with my iphone.  There is a delay in sound and its annoying.  Then just recently the right bud has no sound even after fully charging it.  I dont mind paying for an expensive item, but I wasnt expecting it to flop out within months of purchase!!! UPDATE:  Great customer service.  I though for sure I was SOL since its been many months since I purchased.  They trouble shooted the problem with me and then went ahead and refunded me the full amount when we found out the item was defective.  Electronics have their faults and not always perfect...but having great customer service makes a lot of difference in who you want to give your money to.
my go to gym headphones.... had a pair of jaybird x2s for over 2 years.... but my dog ate them... setup was easy and these never fall out when doing cardio, deadlifting or pullups
better than airpod at a significantly lower price. Love that these are sweat resistant. I have airpods and I can say that these are truly better. Only downside is that when taking calls, it only uses the right earpod - this is by design.
Got these for my wife. She has smallish ears and complains about fit on most earphones, these she likes and uses regularly.
Now that I’ve had them for a few weeks, it’s time for a review.  I am commenting on the Liberty wireless earbuds, not the Liberty +.  The Liberty + are a related Kickstarter project of Anker/Zolo.  There are a number of complaints on the Kickstarter website regarding the “+”, most of which are related to delivery deadlines and shipping issues.  My Liberty earbuds were bought from Amazon. First, you must keep in mind this is a cutting edge technology (wireless) for earbuds still being perfected by major audio manufacturers and small off-brands. 1) Product Design and Packaging – The earbuds themselves are very lightweight, well built and compact.  They do not “stick out” past my ear, unlike others I have seen.  The packaging reminds me of Apple products – an almost “sensual” unboxing experience.  Bravo! 2) Fit and Fitting Options – As noted, there are a variety of tips and jackets.  I find I do not need the jackets, which is good because the included silicone ones seem to keep the buds from sitting properly in the case, thus, not charging.  I apparently have large ear canals so a large tip is in order.  For the first few times they left my ear sore but I seem to have found the sweet spot and they no longer do.  That’s good because I tried the Comply foam tips for wireless buds.  They are one size only.  They fit the buds but were too small for me.  Comfortable but I lost both volume and bass.  So the silicone tips are back to being the standard fare.  Proper fitting tips are essential for acceptable bass and volume levels. 3) Audio Performance – Give these, like all speakers, time to “burn in”.  At first I was disappointed with the sound.  But with a few hours workout the sound became full and clear.  I would like them to be capable of greater (maybe 25% more) volume but it might introduce unwanted distortion. 4) Connectivity – Unlike a few other reviewers, this has not been a problem for me.  I’ve not suffered any drop-offs with the phone (IPhone SE) in any pocket or from as far as 25 feet from away.  That goes for both earpieces.  I am truly impressed! 5) Interface with Video – Here is a disappointment for me.  Have tried them with both Chrome and Safari on a 2015 Macbook Pro.  The syncing ranges from “almost there” for Youtube to “unwatchably out of sync” for Netflix. 6) Cost – I got mine for $79 when Amazon ran the pricing special in early December.  Factoring in the great packaging, accessories (including heavy duty charging cord) and rock solid case, I feel the price was very fair. 7) Controls and phone use – The controls work well and only require a slight “click” with little effort.  Zolo has placed a number of options at our fingertips and they work well. I have only taken a few calls with them but no one has complained of volume or sound issues. The Bottom Line:  There’s always opportunity for a little bloodshed on the “cutting edge.”  Zolo has pulled off an engineering feat considering some of the heavy hitters buds, costing up to 3 times as much, are getting less-than-stellar reviews.  Room for improvement – yes.  Particularly the syncing issues and need for a bit more volume. Worth it?  Yep – this is the wireless solution I was looking for.  I’m sure the next iteration will be even better.  Thanks, Zolo.
Best wireless headphones Ive owned yet. Phone: pixel 2 XL
Update: I am revising my star rating on this product due to Ankers outstanding commitment to their customers. That surely must be worth something, it is to me. Companies with great service, like Anker, are hard to find. Especially ones with quality products. Although this was the first Anker product that didnt work well for me, the Anker/Zolo team stepped right in. They answered questions and provided a solution. See my review for the Anker Liberty+. They are outstanding. https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Earphones-Bluetooth-Sweatproof-Isolation/dp/B075JCG29M/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1522637140&sr=8-3&keywords=liberty%2B _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Defective first batch as confirmed by ZOLO/Anker support. No stock to replace with. Left ear bud does not stay connected. Watching video is not acceptable due to audio latency. I WOULD LOVE to LOVE these earbuds. BEST FIT EVER! Fix these Anker, and youll have a winner. Until then, these buds are a loser.
I was initially skeptical when I read where reviers said that these might be better than my Apple Aipods, but now that I own them, they might be right. I really love the AirPods but these have a slightly better sounds and they look SOOOOO much better than AirPods. Although they come with adjustments for the ears, the original set fit me perfectly. I forget they’re in after a few minutes. The connection is great, so why pay $50 more for the Plus edition with 5.0. It would be a waste, but I did consider it. These are freaking great Bluetooth ear buds for sure. And this all comes from a long time Apple Fan-boy.
I enjoyed the zolo. Its best feature is the sound. I find the sound to be full, rich, and suberb. I prefer to use it over my other bluetooth headsets now. I had to tinker with the buds and sleeves to get the best fit. Once that was achieved the sound was great. In addition, I like the small size and the carry case. It feels nice sold and discrete. The carry case I throw it in my bag and dont worry about it. Theres an app to play with the equalizer too. I tried it out and its pretty good. There are some negatives. I dont like the click button to activate the functions. Its easy to accidentally hit the button and pause play or whatever. Usually I just hit the button again to resume. Its a minor annoyance. Secondly, the left bud sometimes doesnt pair right away and I have to double tap the earbud to get it to pair. The right ear bud pairs instantly. There is a little learning curve to use the functions. I had to read the manual a couple of times. Overall its a great sounding unit and I definitely recommend
Just what I expected it to be! Instructions are clear (fully charge it before using). Sound was crisp. So satisfied with this product. Thank you Zolo!! PS - I accidentally dropped the left bud in the water. I then checked the sound quality and connectivity. No issues at all. Amazing!
Update: 4/26/2018 I did have issues with my original earbuds. Anker got in contact with me and handled the situation very professionally.  I have replacement buds that work great No hassle. UPDATED REVIEW I originally loved these earbuds.  However, after normal use, the right earbud started to go dead.  Its almost unusual yet the left earbud remains working normally.  This it has only been a few months - I originally bought them in Dec.  I want to like these but I cant use them anymore. Original Review I originally was holding out for the Zolo Liberty+ model, but I saw the price for this lower-end model and gave them a try.  I have to say that I have been impressed with them so far. They look great and they give really good sound quality. Pros -Easy to pair up with device.  Paired them once with my phone and they automatically pair up each time I take them out of the case. -Sound quality is great, especially for the price.  I use these in the gym and I haven’t had any issues with them falling out and I get great sounds as I use them.  Anything more would be getting into high end audiophile territory. -Casing looks great.  Buds are simple to load in and charge. -Have yet to have them fall out of my ear after three weeks of use. Cons -If you want long term battery life, you’ll have to get something higher end.  Still, the charging case makes up for the unconvinced.  Good for a long run, a commute or a session at the gym.  Still, most out on the market seem to have similar battery times. -The only complaint I have about the sound is during call quality.  You have to use the right ear bud during calls and the left bud doesn’t do anything.  Feels rather limiting. -I mainly carry these around in my backpack and a few times the buds have come loose in the case and paired up with my phone.  Not a big deal but it can happen. -While it’s easy to put the buds in the case, you’ll find yourself checking to be sure they are hooked to the charger part of the case every so often. Bottom line - you’ll be hard pressed to find a better buy for Bluetooth wireless earbuds, especially at an entry level.  Good quality with a solid price. I plan on getting the Higher end Liberty+ model once they finally are available  to non-backers.
Ive been wanting a fully wireless headphone setup for awhile. When I found out that Anker was going to release a set, I immediately backed them on kickstarter. I just received the headphones yesterday and have been using it since I unboxed it. It works great, sounds awesome, and looks amazing. First and foremost, lets talk about the sound. The sound that the earphones produce sounds amazing and Id have to say its one of the better sounding headphones Ive used. Unfortunately other than preset EQ settings they already have in the app, there are no custom EQ settings. Hopefully, they can add this feature in a future update. When using the headphones for phone calls, the sounds come in clear and you sound clear on the other side of the conversation. No one noticed anything different when on a call using the headphones vs using my phone itself. Another thing to note however is the fact that all calls go through the right ear piece only, I have not found a way to transfer the call of the other ear piece nor have I found a way to have calls come in through both ear pieces at the same time. This may be a dealbreaker for some but again, this could be fixed in a future update. Overall, these are great headphones with a few shortcomings. I you can get past the few issues, you wont be disappointed pickup a set for yourself.
I have tried almost every brand of wireless earbuds over the last year and they all have tons of problems.  The Zolo Liberty are hands down the best of the bunch.  The sound quailty is amazing, the fit is great, and I love that the case doubles as a charger.  I can’t believe they sound better than the $349 Bragi Dash Pro and they are only $99.  The only thing lacking here is audio transparency. I will definitely being upgrading to the Liberty+ when they come out, as they will gain that feature.  Definitely happy with this purchase.
I have tried a couple different ones and these are the best I have had.  They connect super easy and sound good.
Great product.  Sound is awesome. Bluetooth-to-phone sound very good.  Main issue is that the microphone is ONLY on the right earpiece.  If you prefer to use the left earpiece for phone - your out of luck. Wish I had realized there was a $20.00 off check box.  I feel I paid too much now. =(
I highly recommend these earphones. They are absolutely beautiful and the sound quality is fantastic. These are now my everyday earphones.
I backed the Kickstarter for the more expensive Liberty+, but the products are pretty identical in experience so this review should apply here too. The build quality and ease of use of these buds are phenomenal, and the sound quality is less than audiophile but still very appreciable, better than AirPods (don’t expect a cheap, muddy bass boost; these have a balanced sound signature). Battery life seems to be exactly as advertised if not slightly better than the 3.5 hour figure. I haven’t had any major connection issues, and with the included pack of tips and fittings, they stay in my ear during a workout and make a nice sound-isolating seal. My only complaints would be that they are a little obnoxious to remove from the charging case, and that the microphone quality for phone calls is mediocre, but still understandable to those on the other end. I have no audio lag when watching video, and use them with my Shield TV to watch Netflix silently in bed. They aren’t quite perfect, but are by far the best value of any truly wireless earbud, and for the $99 price (sometimes $79 on amazon), really don’t have any competition in this segment of the category.
Mine are the Kickstarter Liberty + edition, so not exactly the same as for sale on Amazon.  Ive had them for over a week and have used on several flights as well as some trips to the gym.  They are comfortable, were easy to set-up, and sound fantastic.  The earbuds and the case are very well made and feel solid - not cheap.  I have not had any issues with the left earbud cutting out.  I have not tried to use the personal assistant feature (not important to me) and I do not like having both earbuds in my ear when I have a phone call, so the complaint that I saw about the conversations not being in stereo does not bother me.  So far, these are, by far, the best bluetooth headphones I have ever owned.
Yes, there are tradeoffs with wired earbuds, but two things make these outstanding: the fit, and being TRULY wireless!  The design of these fits my ear, and Ive had a VERY tough time finding any earbuds, wired, Bluetooth or other, that A) stay in; and B) dont hurt. And that is regardless of price and sound quality. Tips:  1- charge them several times before you judge their longevity, mine needed 3 charges before I got the full 3 hrs 45 min music playback time (which, by the way, I think is GREAT; charging in the case is also quick). 2- Video lag exists, its difficult to watch YouTube videos because of the audio delay.  3- my computer had a much harder time connecting reliably than my phone (Samsu** S8+). Dropouts: I have had some times where the left bud drops out, the right one seems to re-sync the audio, then the left re-connects.  After a few days, I noticed that this happens mostly in 2 situations; first is when streaming on the phone. If you have WiFi on but not connected, then the phone will try to connect to open WiFi networks, which pauses the downloading over cellular/4G, therefore the streaming app runs out of buffered data and the music re-syncs.  TURN OFF WIFI while youre out walking/driving around, this will pretty much stop.  The other thing that causes the pause/dropout is when the phone (or PC) has trouble with the Bluetooth connection.  My phone usually does it when I put it in a back pocket.  If I put it in my front pocket, it will sometimes drop out once and then be ok.  It never does it if I hold the phone in my hand while I walk- that tells me its a Bluetooth connection issue.  I found out my PC would randomly drop and re-connect super quick, but that caused the left bud to stop and re-sync. Even with the issues I detailed, I love these earbuds. When I have them on, I sometimes realize I used to move a certain way because of the wires, now I dont have to do that- it just feels much better.  Second, these have an unusual fit even for wireless earbuds; the jackets are grippy and dont let the buds move around in the ear. I have small ears so its always really hard to get a good fit, almost all earbuds assume that your ears are bigger than mine, so none of the eartips fit me. On these, the combination of the grippy body and the small eartips works great. You do need to insert them when you first put them on, but they stay put.  Another great thing is that I can wear my ear covers (180s) here in Chicago when Im outdoors and they dont disturb the earbuds- great for commuting. Last- sound quality.  I would rate these as about 8 out of 10. Yes they dont have the thumping bass of most S*ny or cheaper headphones, but that means they are much more balanced. No overly brassy highs, no thumping lows- they arent the same as my over the ear AKGs, but they are quite good for earbuds, wired or not. This version doesnt have the EQ app- I wonder if that would improve the sound even more, but Im very satisfied with it as is. Overall, at the current price (about $80 on sale) these are a VERY good buy. At this price you should not hesitate if you want to try your first truly wireless earbuds.  Yes theyre not perfect, but on the whole they are very good- and it will help you decide if you want to go with a higher-end product or not.
I wanted to love these ... And I do . I got plenty of Bluetooth / wired earphones / headphones , I have to admit I didnt need these and Ive been a bit skeptical about the true wireless earphones idea for a while , waiting for the technology to improve and get better ever since the bragi earphones were introduced. when using wireless headphones generally and true wireless specifically , I believe there are 5 factors one should be concerned about and this is how I will conduct this review . 1) Battery life - good wireless headphones will have listening time of anywhere between 6 to 8 hours , with true wirelss earphones these figures are obviously lower since the battery is smaller and is stored in each earphone so the numbers usually decrease to approx. 2 to 4 hours . these ones average at a solid advertised 3.5 hours and from my 2 weeks testing they actually do get to that , I chalk this one up to the great batteries Anker produce being used here standby time is 24 hours with the included plastic yet high quality magnetic charging case, charging time is also relatively short (15 minutes charge = 1 hour of talk ) 2) Connectivity - if you want failsafe connectivity you go wired , Bluetooth has great connectivity ( these are 4.2 while the liberty+ are Bluetooth 5) and the advantage of no wires freedom but does have its drawbacks of interruptions , the occasional connectivity breaks / cut offs , and range . In 2 weeks time ive experienced very minimal and negligible connectivity issues , approximately 2 to 3 instances of 1 second cut offs out of at least 10 hours of usage , in my opinion this represents very high quality performance / connectivity , especially considering the fact that ive had about the same with other regular Bluetooth wireless headphones and the fact that it could also be phone specific 3) Fit and seal – with all the fitting tips and adaptors included with these , I see no possibility for anything other than a perfect fit / seal ( you can have spock ears as far as these are concerned you’ll still get a perfect fit / seal). Their weight is so low after a few workouts I barely noticed they are in , and they never budged at all. 4) Sound – lets face it , you want audiophile sound quality you’ll go with the higher end wired earphones / headphones.  As I mentioned I had / have many earphones / headphones both wired and wireless and the sound these ones produce is extremely impressive , the seal is tight, the bass is good and thumpy , the volume is more than sufficient and they seem to handle various kinds of music very well , no distortion on high volume or bass trembling all thanks to use of very high quality and light graphene coated drivers. Last but certainly not least 5) Price – At a very smart pricing of $99 ( current promo at their website and on amazon have them at $79 as of December 9th 2017) I struggle to find a better deal for high quality true wireless earphones , hats off to Anker Mr.A @MrAtech6
I have been using this earbug for the whole last week, its really  a portable  one  with high sound quality. This earphone is easy to fit and can insulate most of noise when I was on a train. By the way, the battery inside can work for a whole day...Thats the most amazing thing.
Got them for Kickstarter. - Packaging - really nice. Well designed and thought through. - Fittings - fitting the silicone on the earbud is a bit difficult, but I suppose once you have them set, it doesn’t matter. I was also able to run on a treadmill without them falling out so that’s a plus! - Sound quality - really good. Only used a short time, but I didn’t think that I was missing out. Obviously my QC35s are better, but they’re also big and don’t take sweat as well. - Pairing - super easy, just take them out of the case and it starts. - isolation - there is sound isolation which can be easily turned off to hear your surroundings.. the only thing that I wonder is whether it is suppose to sound echo-y when you talk in with that mode off. Overall, I really like them so far. I bought them for the gym and being active and I don’t think they’ll disappoint. I got very tired of the chord on my monster Bluetooth headphones getting squished and moved against my neck.
These were the best wireless earbuds I have ever used.  So many choices were included to customize fitting my smaller ears.  More importantly, the sound was clear, just the right amount of bass for music enjoyment too.  The charge and battery life was very good, but I read that the Zolo Plus have an extended battery life which I would prefer.  Calls were not dropped as in other wireless headphones I had tried.  The customer support (Anker) is outstanding.  When I had questions, they resolved them quickly and I have used their chargers for years - far superior to others on the market.
I purchased these through Kickstarter and have had them for about a month now. Ive owned the JayBird bluetooth earphones that are attached by a cable, but that gets in the way. I wanted to use these when walking around the park, airport, airplanes and just hanging out at home. I havent tried them for jogging yet (I hardly ever jog) but might at some point in my life. Build quality is amazing with a aluminum case, soft silicone, and a smooth plastic for the earbuds themselves. It is light, comfortable and durable. When putting the earbuds in to the aluminum case, they magnetically snap into place. Sound quality is very good. Im no audiophile by any means, but can tell between good and bad sound. The bass is much stronger than I expected and the low/mids are pretty clear. The highs arent super sharp, but they are still pleasant. While it doesnt compare to full-size cans or higher end earphones (think Shure, UE, etc.) they are probably one of the best when it comes to bluetooth earbuds. Connection wise, they connect immediately to my phone as I take them out of the case. There have been a few times when the right one connected but the left one didnt, so I had to press the button on the left earbud and then connected right away. I have not had issues with the connection dropping either against my phone or with each other. Once they are connected, they stay connected in my experience. Ive heard some complain about comfort but after I read the manual and played around with the different ear tips and fittings they have, I found a combo that suits me. Since I dont exercise with them, Im not worried about it staying in place but it feels nice and snug regardless. I dont think they would fall even if I were to work out. Battery duration, I havent been able to test thoroughly since the most I listen to is one hour at a time. Overall my impression is very high and I really enjoy them. Its comfortable, small, sound great and pretty much do everything I was hoping for.
So Ive been using these headphones for a few weeks and I can definitely recommend them, with a few caveats. First up, sound quality: For small, truly wireless earbuds, these things sound pretty amazing. I cant compare them to air pods, but I have tried several other wireless ear buds and I can tell you that they outperform all of them, particularly with regards to lows.  These arent going to compare to the bass you get from an over ear set of Beats, but for someone like myself who wants a more balanced sound, they sound phenomenal for their form factor. Connectivity: This is an area where they perform adequately, but dont exceed expectations. Compared with other wireless earbuds Ive tried, they have a pretty good connection, however, there are occasional moments when the left earbud will cut out.  Thankfully these moment were relatively rare, but it can be a minor annoyance. Battery Life: I cant personally vouch for the 3.5 hour run time as I dont use them for that long at a stretch, but I can say that Ive used them for 2.5 hours straight and had no issues with the battery.  In fact, my phone still listed them at around 50%. Fit/Comfort: These have a fairly firm fit in your ears that can take some getting used to, but luckily they include 3 different size tips to make getting a comfy fit a little easier.  Once you get used to the snugness of the, they do a decent job of blocking out external sound as well. Case/accessories: They include a nice, braided Anker charging cable, as well multiple ear tips and jackets and a charging case.  The charging case does a great job of keeping them juiced up and has a nice magnetic clasp as well as magnets for each ear bud that turns them off when theyre dropped in and turns them on when pulling them out.  The only complaint I have is that the case is just a little too thick to sit comfortably in my pockets for long time periods while I sit, but its a pretty small issue. Controls: Each ear bud has a physical button where the Zolo logo is.  These allow you to do all the standard controls such as skipping, rewinding, playing/pausing and activating your voice assistant.  They only control missing is volume control, but given how easy that is to do from most phones, I wouldnt call it a deal breaker. All in all, for the price point ($99), I dont think youll get a better pair of wireless ear buds.  They arent perfect, but theyre pretty solid and Ankers custom services is top notch.
This product is really great for me and I like it very much. Its packaging is very beautiful. Different sizes of earplugs are provided. The most impressive thing is that the earphone box is a charging battery that obviously lengthen the usage time.  Besides, it has breathing light instead of the traditional twinkle as shown in the video. My friends call me  pretentious bastard when I show them this great characteristic!
Kickstarter backer here for the Liberty+. Amazons selling the Liberty. These are different headphones. Per Zolo (Anker) the differences are: Like Liberty+ they are True Wireless Earphones with graphene-enhanced sound. However, they do not have several of the features which make Liberty+ special. This includes the super-extended battery life, the premium aluminum charging case, transparency functionality, EQ adjustment, and other key innovations. With those caveats, some of which are quite important, these paired right away. Showed-up immediately in my iPhone 7 Bluetooth settings, immediately worked. Really no muss, no fuss. Given other Bluetooth headphones and earphones Ive used these Zolo Liberty+ were (probably) the easiest for first-time setup. The sound, meh, these are earphones. These arent headphones with large drivers. If you understand that (and Im surprised so many people are completely clueless about earphone v headphone differences) then no big deal. Theres not that much bass (fine by me) but the sound is pretty clear - given the sound medium were all using with these - MP3 and AAC. The bass may impact others opinions on the sound level. So be it. I like them. They fit fine in my ears. Big change from every Apple earphone - all fall out of my ears. Liberty+ dont fit in my wifes ears (but she refused to try the smaller tips) so, as with any earphone, buyer beware.
Great sounding headset. I do not have the issues others have stated about disconnecting on the left earbud. I think there maybe some confusion about the technology. Ture wireless earbuds can only use the right ear bud (master) for phone calls. It will use both for music and other audio.
Received these today after backing them on Kickstarter, have to say I am very impressed. The build quality is great and the packaging is well thought out. I have them paired to my Note 8 and the sound quality is amazing, far better than I was expecting for wireless buds. The only sound issue I have had is when I left my phone in one room and was walking around the house, then I had a little noise cut out. When carrying the phone with me I have not experienced any dropout or the left ear dropout that others have. Overall I would recommend these to anyone, for $99 I think they are excellent value and well worth the money.
Just received these from backing them on kickstarter so here are my 1st impressions. They are a bit fiddly to get set up, the skin and actual earplugs are quite thin and hard to get seated right but not too bad. I had a little issue pairing them with my phone because another device that wasnt connected was blocking them from pairing. Once I took care of that, easy! They sound GREAT! BUT only if you get them jammed all the way into your ear and a good tight seal. If you think they sound bad you probably dont have them in tight enough. Thats the biggest issue I see so far, it takes some messing to get them in right but one they are they feel secure and sound awesome! They are MUCH smaller then other wireless earbuds Ive seen, I have longer hair and you barely notice them. All and all, they seem pretty darn good, time to see what they battery life is like!
I like the fit. I am barely aware of them. They dont move at all. Impervious to headshakes at any angle. 5/5 The sound is definitely better than motorola hint 2. The mid and bottom are amazing. I would rate sound quality equal to my Shure SE215s. The top range is average. It is not tinny but it isnt crisp either. 4/5 The transparency is not good. I can hear ambient noise anyway if the volume is low enough; so when on, I get an echo chamber effect. Worthless. 0/5 The equalizer is nothing special.  The one from iTunes is just as good. 1/5 I would purchase the Liberty base model and skip the Plus (only available on Kickstarter as of this review). The equalizer and transparency modes are only difference and both add no value as far as I am concerned.
Got these after reading a review and my other bluetooth earbuds went out. Was really impressed with the packaging and the sleeves they came with for you to get the perfect fit for your ear so you wear them and forget about them coming out. Sound quality is AMAZING. Really good lows, mids and highs throughout. They are fully sound isolating which is great for commutes and plane rides, probably not the safest for running outside on a trail. And the battery quality is nice. I havent had to recharge the case yet after a week of use. And Ive been using them alot! The case earbuds magnetically lock into the case, which is a really nice feature. I had some issues with the set I first recurved, but Anker customer care really went above and beyond to make it right.
I was a Kickstarter backer for these, and I have to say: Im truly impressed. The sound quality is fantastic for Bluetooth earbuds (Ive tried 4 other brands and all were terrible). The battery life is great, I charged the case once (when I first got them) and Im currently at a week without having to recharge. Once in a while the left earbud will fade in and out, this is a problem that is very common on wire-free Bluetooth earbuds. But honestly, its really very random and hardly noticeable when it happens. Overall though, Im very happy with these and Im excited to see future versions of this product after some refinement. Side note: Zolos customer service is fantastic. I had to deal with a shipping problem and they were friendly, helpful, and responded quickly each time. Nice people!
Works really well with the Google Pixel 2 XL. Its pretty comfortable. Im not used to these type of ear buds, but its not that bad after getting used to them. I really liked the fit of the Apple Ear Pods and didnt think I would like these but I was really sick of the wires. I cant get them to pair with my Linux laptop using Fedora 27 for some reason. It would be nice to figure that out.
Bought them for my wife, and she loves them. Raves about the sound quality, and how quiet everything around her sounds when they are in.  Have not tested them myself, but she likes them better than my apple airpods.
I was skeptical about this style but decided to try these based on the Anker products ive puchased in the past. Just arrived, the packaging alone gave me high expectations. Great quality in the build,look and feel. I put them in after charging for a few minutes to test them and WOW! Amazing fit and better sound, blew me away. They also seal out the ambient sound. Another great Anker product.
Update 2 (3 star for now): Got a call from Zolo this evening to follow up since I hadnt had a chance to respond while out of town. Theyre sending a new pair that should be here within a few days. Adding a star for great customer support. Hopefully the new pair will work great and itll be back to 5 Stars. Update (down to 2 stars): day one into my trip and the left bud is cutting in and out just like explained in other reviews. The sounds its amazing, when it is working. Returning as soon as I get home. It sucks that something that is built so well and so easy to connect and use is troubled by a functionality issue. Most earbuds dont sit in my ear well. These earbuds (thanks to the included fittings are the snuggest buds Ive ever used. The sound quality is awesome. (thank you science for graphene) Ive got about 1 hour of use and at this point, Ive had a couple of connection issues between the earbuds and having a hard time determining if using the phone is supposed to only go to one or the other. This doesnt really bother me, but I just want to make sure its intentional. Tentatively 4/5 only because I want to make sure its not user error. Really impressed with both quality, features (woot - Google Assistance access), and sound.
I got a unit to test for the past month, Im extremely impressed. Battery life has been amazing, the case and charging experience is superb, sound quality rivals my more expensive headphones I have from other large brands. Highly recommend.
I love my Zolo Liberty! I use my Zolos for everyday use and the gym. They stay in my ears wonderfully and have great sound! I was slightly worried about them staying in my ears during working out and cardio. I’ve never had a problem with them coming out. The charging case is wonderful and I never have to worry about forgetting to charge my headphones. Super impressed with these!!
I want to let any potential purchaser know that this product really delivers. I have the Zolo by Anker Liberty + Limited Addition variety. I really like this product.  I must admit that I was disappointed at first because I was not getting the lower frequencies when I initially assembled the product. But like a lot of things, the problem was user error. It is critical that the little umbrella like seals that are placed on the end of the buds where the speakers are  NOT be pushed in too far so that the piece is behind the lip of the speaker unit that fits in your ear. I was concerned that they would come off in my ear and Id have to have them extracted, but that was not the case.  If you do that, put them in under the lip, you disturb the seal and the sound is not what is advertised. It is also important to remember to download to your phone the few control app. This is because once you open it, there are about five pre-sets for the amount of bass, treble and mid-range there to choose that have been pre-programmed. You have to pick the one that you like best to optimize your listening pleasure. Some of us who have played in bands, lost part of  our hearing from it  or suffer from some other type of hearing loss need to make adjustments. If you pay attention to all this tedious verbiage you will love these ear buds.  I also want to mention that they provide a strong signal throughout the house from my I-phone.  I live in a 110 year old house where the walls can cause really bad reception.  I also really like the fact that if you install the ear-buds in your ear properly then it will cancel out about 85% of all ambient room noise. Once you have the little seals in right you push the units in your ear and then rotate the toward the from of your facr and the seal really kicks in. You can disable this feature if you want to be able to talk to people in the room while you are listening, Otherwise, you will not hear them at all.  The ear buds also feature really good technology when they serve as a telephone receiver.  The noise cancellation is really great bonus when you are in a car driving.  Lastly but not least I want to give a shout out to Zolos customer service rep in Seattle, Ashley.  She is a real sweetheart and very professional as I have found with all the reps. Next up is a purchase of the best blue-tooth transmitter I can find for use with my stereo "hi-fi"system and TVs. I just bought a unit from Avantree which has a solid range of 164 feet.  It will be great to listen to all the music I have in my extensive library directly and cleanly from my amp whether it be tapes, records, receiver, a hardwired in line form my HD TV or CDs.  Anyway, thanks Ashley for being such a great CSR. The company should be very happy they hired you. ~Steve in Portland, a real yahoo.
After I understand how to use a part looks like cat ear, earphones get stable on my ears.
Pretty good for Ankers first try at true wireless earbuds. I only use these at the gym and they serve their purpose well. I was skeptical of buying them because the reviews are quite mixed, but they work quite well. I do have some problems with them as other reviewers do, but I think they are minimal as all other true wireless earbuds have the same problems. Pros: 1) Good balanced sound between lows, mids, and highs. Sound is very clear, not tinny at all. Good bass, but these are definitely not bass head buds. Highs do lack detail (for example cymbals tend to sound lifeless), but at least they dont pierce your ears. I tend to like headphones with balanced sound and a slight emphasis on bass. These match up fairly well with my tastes. If you dont have a proper seal with the tips and your ear canals the sound will be tinny. Make sure you get a proper fit and these earbuds will sound good. Sound gets loud enough to drown out everything at the gym, plus the tips themselves block a lot of sound. The earbuds dont have really loud volume, but unless youre hard of hearing these should be plenty loud. At max volume they hurt my ears, but are definitely not as loud as most other bluetooth headphones/earbuds I have. Compared to other bluetooth earbuds I have ($15-$100, phaiser, soundpeats, taitronics, mpow) these are very good. Of course compared to regular wired headphones I own these dont sound as good (takstar, rbh, monoprice, akg, sennheiser, beyerdynamic, audio technica). 2) Earbuds stay in my ear and have never fallen out which is a feat for my small ears. Ive used these at the gym for a month and they have never fallen out of my ears. The included ear tips are comfortable and the buds are very light. I barely even feel them when I have them on. Most other bluetooth earbuds Ive had have fallen out of my ears during workouts and I usually have to use comply tips for a proper fit. I dont have that problem with the Libertys. 3) Connection is very stable for me. I rarely have cutouts with the left earbud. I only experience cutouts when they first connect and my phone is my pocket. To get around that I have my phone out when the earbuds first connect and I dont experience cutouts after that. I also keep my phone in my right pocket. It seems cutouts usually happen if your phone is in your left pocket or back pockets because the master earbud is the right earbud. The farther away your phone is to the right earbud the more cutouts will happen. 4) Ive only used these earbuds for 2.5 hours max at 4/5 volume so I dont know if the advertised 3.5 hours is accurate. It seems like most other reviewers confirm the battery life is accurate. The charging case charges the earbuds fast. Using these for 2.5 hrs. 4 times a week I only have to charge the case once every two weeks. 5) The earbud controls are easy to use. Can confirm that google assistant works with the earbuds. Cons: 1) There is very noticeable lag between audio and video. 2) No volume control on the earbuds so you have to pull your phone out to change volume. I hope this is added with the generation of these earbuds. 3) The grip fit jackets interfere with the way the earbuds fit into the charging case. I found that the earbuds with the grip fits wouldnt always make a reliable connection with the charging case and would not charge. I dont use the grip fits as I dont need them, but this is pretty big issue for people who do use them. Despite some of the cons I still think these earbuds are a very good first attempt by Anker. They work great for gym use. If Anker solves the cons Ive listed these earbuds would be 5 stars.
Im usually very picky about headphones, but I really enjoy these guys. They are very comfortable and are great for running. I havent had any connection issues either. The sound quality isnt bad either. I would definitely recommend that people check them out.
UPDATE FEBRUARY 7, 2018: Okay, I have some updates here that changed my rating from a 2/5 to a 4/5. Adam over at ZOLO reached out directly to me via phone and wanted to let me know that they took the time to read my review and have made a number of changes that address the issues of connectivity and implemented this in the next iteration of the ZOLO Liberty headphones. He then offered me a replacement, free of charge, so that I could test out the newest version and compare them to the old LIbertys (I should mention that I ended up keeping the original ones I bought despite the spotty connection because I was in dire need of new workout headphones; I didnt get any sort of refund, just an offer to get a new pair of the updated earbuds). I was also given the option to try the new Liberty+ earbuds, which I opted to do instead because of the added capabilities. While I havent had the chance to try the updated Liberty earbuds, Im improving my rating because: 1. Customer service, plain and simple. Anker clearly takes time to review feedback and make improvements based on the feedback; they see negative feedback as an opportunity to improve. Kudos to Anker on this. 2. It looks like the connectivity issue was widespread and common enough that they went and updated the hardware/software. This means that the v2 Liberty earbuds should be much better. I cannot say from personal experience (hence 4/5 stars and not 5) if this is the case, but it I doubt theyd make the effort to reach out and offer a new pair for me to try if they didnt fix this. Im set to receive a pair of ZOLO Liberty+ earbuds soon, so Im looking forward to testing those out and will post a review on that product page once I have had a chance to try. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I wanted the ZOLO Liberty headphones to be the perfect, but they fall juuuust short. Heres a quick review: The Good: -Size and fit: No complaints here. The handy case/battery charger is compact and easy to tuck in your pocket or bag. I dont love having things in my pants pocket, so most items go in my jacket pockets, but this doesnt take up much space. The Liberties come with multiple sizes to make sure they fit snugly in your ears. Unlike the Bose Soundsports, these do not protrude from your ears. -Battery life: Great! They perform exactly as expected and when the buds go in the case, they charge. -Sound: While Im no audiophile, I can tell these are better than a lot of buds out there. The main reason I didnt get the Apple Airpods is because I didnt want to sacrifice sound quality. Since the Liberties fit snugly in your ear, they kind of block out a good amount of ambient sound, even when theyre off. -Workouts: AWESOME. these guys are sweatproof, seal out sound (DONT TALK TO ME IN THE MIDDLE OF MY SET!), and stay in place while running, doing HIIT workouts, and lifting weights. Theres no annoying behind-the-head band, nothing over the top of your head, and no wire to get tangled up in. Price: Given whats out there and the level of tech at this point in the wireless earbud game, these cant be beat. the ZOLO Liberty headphones round out to overdeliver on ALMOST everything for a price youd normally expect of headphones...but this leads me to: The Bad (only one, but kind of important): -Connectivity: This is probably the biggest issue. I didnt have too much trouble connecting them to my phone, but as with other reviews, I do experience drops out of one of the buds, specifically, my right. Additionally, I sometimes experience volume decreases and increases, so a quick dip and return in sound. Im not sure if this is a hardware thing or maybe a connectivity thing, but its happened. However, once connected, they do stay connected to your device, which also has a downside: putting the headphones back in the charger does not automatically turn them off and disconnect bluetooth. Why is this an issue? Well, if a call comes through, theyll go to your earbuds, which are tucked away, and it becomes a hassle to disconnect, then take your call. This happened to me after finishing up at the gym and I had packed away my Liberties in their charger. I also had a weird instance where the earbuds, while connected to my phone, began to act like a bluetooth remote. When I hit play, sound would play on speakerphone instead of through the earbuds. All in all, I give this current version 2/5. Im going to test another day or two, but if the connectivity in my right earbud and dips in sound dont resolve, Ill probably return these and wait for the next iteration. The rest of the issues with connectivity are minor, so hopefully Anker makes a few tweaks. Advice to Anker: When you put the earbuds in to charge, they should turn OFF and disconnect from your phone!
Great headset, purchased it as new year gift for my friends. Total wireless is very convenient and easy to use. Great sound quality, simple and solid design, handy size. There are many similar products on the market now but I think this one is the most mature model. Recommend to whoever likes to try new technology and enjoy great products.
Noise cancelling is great. They work great.
One of the better sounding & longer lasting wireless earbuds on the market. If u want to save a lil bit of money these are perfect. Im a fan
