I bought the Liberty+ through kickstarter, and the only difference should be the longer battery. First off, the sound quality is very poor. Theres a lot of distortion at the top end, and the bottom is quite muddy. Also, the latency is so ridiculous bad you shouldnt ever plan on watching video with these. Custom service also fails. I asked them if I got a bad pair, because the audio quality was so bad, and I never received a response. TLDR: If youre looking for wireless buds, keep looking.
Review I love anker products for their quality and affordability. I had very high expectations for this earbuds but it sadly disappointed me. Pros: Cheap Good bass Customizable so it can fit well in your ears Cons: - The left earbud keeps disconnecting. I saw this on the reviews before purchasing this product and decided to ignore it and see for myself. What I have confirmed is that the problem is so severe. It probably disconnected today for more than 10 times already and it usually happens when im walking fast or turning my head to the right. - The earbuds container is bulky and gets scratched easily. Its also confusing how you have to place the earbud on the container. Its not like apple earbuds where it is easy to tell just by looking which direction the earbuds will go. For this one i found myself having to turn the earbuds so many times just for it to snap into place. This is problematic when you are in a rush like when you are walking. I have dropped the earbuds several times because of this. - the earbuds are covered in rubber. This ensures the perfect fit in your ear. Problem is that it always catches dust and lint and you have to clean it every single time. - anker advertized that these earbuds support smart assistant. It does but its so annoying how you have to wait 2 seconds or sometimes even more for the assistant to respond. Its not instant like google pixel buds. - after prolonged use, clicking on the buttons will apply pressure to your ears and it hurts. Apple got this right cause for earbuds you just have to tap them and you dont need to apply a lot of pressure. I am truly let down by anker this time. I wish they have worked on this product really well before releasing it because products like this gives anker a bad name. UPDATE: Anker reached out to me and provided fantastic customer service. This earbuds might not be what I was expecting but because of their fantastic customer support, I will always look forward to any new products they might release in the future.
I love Anker products but I am very sad with this product. I bought this originally in January, by May the right ear piece stopped putting out sound. I talked to them and they were very nice and sent me a new set. Well it’s Dec and the right ear piece is doing it again.
Ive had the product for several weeks now and my feelings are mixed. In terms of everyday use, walking around or working out these headphones perform well. Audio quality is solid. Battery life seems stable, every so often they shut off for a second randomly. My big issue is the delay between audio and video. My audio is always a good second or 2 behind my video no matter if Im on my phone, desktop, or a laptop. If this could be fixed or improved, Id think much more of the product.
I bought these on kickstarter.  First the good:  they do sound very good and come with a sack full of ear adapters. Battery life is okay, for the size. Now, let me tell you why not to buy these.  First off, they won’t fit in the charger case. You have to mess around with them to make them seat. Second, the pairing issues are horrible.  It’s like BT 3.0.  Lastly the left side quit working. A common problem. Quality is sub par. Save your money and get some Apple or Bose. Or anything but these.
This is my initial review about the Anker ZOLO liberty wireless earbuds: The Good: I havent experienced the left ear piece intermittently cutting, yet (thankfully) These actually have really good connectivity so far, I can leave my phone and go anywhere in my house without it losing connection. Battery life is pretty solid (~3hrs) The fit is great, multiple canal pieces and wraps to help adjust the fit. Light weight in the ear. The Bad: No sound controls on the earpieces, requires voice control for any remote usage. Only funtions are pause, play, skip. If you try to charge one and use the other there is some pairing problems, the left piece can be charged while using the right piece. However, if you try to charge the right and use the left they unpair and its just annoying trying to repair and make just one work. The charging /carry case doesnt double as a powerbank (missed opportunity for added functionality) There is no remaining power indicator for the ear pieces either so be prepared for them to die on you in the most inopportune moments if you arent in the habit of carrying them in the case all the time. The Ugly: The overall quality of sound is Okay. But, There is a distinct buzzing when you listen to any hard rock/metal or anything with heavy distortion (ear buds dont seem to like it) the bass is thumpy and the vocals come through clean but the little buzz is annoying once you hear it almost sounds like something loose or a blown driver but goes away on cleaner music. Watching videos is basically impossible. Very high latency, its like youre watching Oriental dubbed movies. Almost a full second off. Overal these are pretty functional and nice for music, but with the buzzing, video / latency issues, hiccups with the single piece connectivity, and lack of being able to use the charging case as a portable power bank, idk if theyre worth 100$ I got these on sale for 70$. If they get any worse I will likely try to return them or exchange. If you really want wireless buds, maybe invest more$ and get the higher end stuff with better quality, functionality, and battery life. EDIT: Since this review, Anker reached out and provided the Liberty + as an optional replacement. I still standby my original review, but having had over a month of use out of both pairs. I would say the Liberty is worth the money.
Alright.  This is my second time around owning these.  I wanted to update my take.  I still stand on the 4 star rating.  These are extremely good buds, but not perfect.  I can honestly say they are the best ones out there for me.  Everyones take is different.  These were the first pair I tried, and I had previously returned them.  I didnt think they were good enough initially.  Ive tried the majority of the major offerings out there, and cam back to these.  What I found is that there is no perfect set out there as of yet.  For the price and features these offer, you really cant go wrong.  They sound good, fit good, and have a good case and battery life.  The only other ones I could recommend are the Jabra Active 65ts.  This set is almost half the price, and IMO sound better. ***  I wish I could say I still love these.  The sound and fitment remain good.  What hasnt remained good is the connection.  The left bud constantly goes in and out.  I would say in a hr gym session, probably every 2-5 mins.  I keep these in my bag, and they will randomly connect, and drain battery if jostled around.  Ive actually just gone back to "wired" Bluetooth buds.  The connection is much more stable, and they shut off easily, and instantly reconnect when turned back on.  Check out the Soundpeats Q30 Plus or Dudios Zeus.  They are basically the same bud, give or take accessories.  Both can be had for less than $30 ***11-5-18***  Zolo support has contacted me offering to send me new buds.  Im going to try out the Soundcore Spirit Plus.  Hoping they will perform better.  I will give those a run, and review.  Good on Zolo/Anker, the support is much appreciated.
I have had mine for over a month and a half. I am having zero success with getting mine to consistently work properly. Every time I go to use them, I have to go through some BS sequence for 5-10 minutes before I can get them to work. I regret that I spent money on such a piece of inconsistent low-end technology. I would not recommend this product to anyone. This product has taught me a lesson...always keep your receipt.
Got this because I lost my PowerBeats3 and thought it would be nicer sound quality (which it is) and more convenient to use without the chord between each earpiece.  Sound quality is great when it works.  The left side keeps connecting in and out and sometimes eventually just goes out.  I have to then stop and unpair it and pair it again and eventually the left earpiece disconnects again.  Very frustrating.  Hope I can find some or they come out with some that sound just as good but works better.  The range of the bluetooth is not as good as the beats3 either.  Pretty comfy and sturdy in the ear and look better than 2 cigarettes hanging out of each ear.
Everything is good until it stop auto turn off when you put them in case, just two months, cant find any solution s
I got these with some trepidation. I’ve been a long user of behind the head Bluetooth earbuds, my last one was an Anker in fact. They’ve always been reliable, but the wire was less than ideal. I’ve read stories and reviews of constant connection loss even with the pricey Bragis. So I was pleasantly surprised with the lack of connection loss. Audio was comparable, but slightly muddled compared their wired model. Build quality is excellent. But, i discovered that today that my right earbud was a dead earbud, it just didn’t know it. Initial charge went without a hitch and both charge LEDs lit up, but the port must have failed at some point shortly after. This morning the battery read for full for 10 minutes then suddenly dropped to below 50 and it gave low bat status. When I tried placing it back in, charge LED did not light up and no charge was built.
I received this item as part of a Kickstarter campaign so I expected some growing pains. I cannot recommend this product. I had to return the first pair because they played music so softly and I couldn’t raise the volume. The same thing happened with the second pair. They just don’t play music at anything higher than a whisper. I bought these earbuds for my workouts but I can barely hear the music. Very disappointed.
UPDATE: Anker customer service got in touch with me and sent me a new pair. I was still experiencing similar disconnection issues so they refunded me my original order. Ive added a star for stellar customer service. In all its worth trying these out and you can count on the customer support if you run into any issues. i really wanted to love these earbuds. they do provide a completely wireless experience that is true, but its not a great experience. I have been using these on and off for 6 months and at first I was a little annoyed by the left bud disconnection that would happen but I got used to it. The sound quality was great, they stayed charged for a really long time, and it was very easy to tote them around. In the past month the disconnection has gotten worse to the point that I cant even walk without one of the earbuds cutting out. Then a few days ago sound in the right ear became very quiet unless I constantly readjusted the earbud. With the combined left ear disconnection and right ear sound loss I can no longer use these headphones. While 6 months is an okay lifespan for some headphones, for a pair that costs $100 its not. Until the technology of wireless earbuds becomes more reliable I would not suggest buying this pair.
Had very high expectations for this Anker supported product. Very dissapointed with this product. The fit is atrocious, the volume is terribly low, and thereby pretty useless. I was one of the original supporters of this product on kickstarter, and I am sorry I supported this product.
These earphones do not produce sound from both ears for phone calls.  I was given all kinds of lame excuses from the company, but the net is their engineers couldnt figure out how to make it work.  They didnt bother to advertise this limitation when they did they did their kickstarter campaign, because it was not originally planned to work this way.  And when they couldnt figure it out, they just shipped them out anyway without telling people about this limitation. I returned mine for a full refund.
Pretty good headphones for 5 months until the sound quality got crappy and then one stopped working completely.
They suck
Altogether I  liked this product, until I could no longer charge them and then they were useless. They latest three months, and apparently the warranty is only a month.  Whoever heard of such a thing.  Dont bother with the extended warranty, because they apparently only kick in after a year.  Thankfully Amazon is making it  right.  Them I give 5 stars.
Really liked the ear buds bit one of them quit working after about a month and a half. I do have a warranty pair on the way. I read that zolo manufacturers found a defect but hadnt issued a recall on all affected units (this fourm was January 2018) Update...... zolo warranty service was good and easy to deal with. I did receive a replacement pair of these earbuds at no cost but now i am having the same issue with the new pair, one earbud is putting out close to no sound while the other is at full volume. I have eamiled the company again after trying all troubleshooting tips. I really felt i was forking over a a good chunk of change for a quality set of earbuds but it seems they only last about 2 months, i actually got much longer trouble free use from much cheaper earbuds. I can not express how disappointed i am with having to deal with this issue over and over again therefore i am taking the previous 2 star rating down to one star only because i can not rate this with a red flag that says "do not buy" New update, zolo in now offering to send me a forth pair of earbuds because the second replacement (third pair of earbuds including the original purched). I have lost all confidence in any sort of quality out of these earbuds. I have only agreed to send back the third set if they are willing to send out my fourth set first because each time i have to send them back i have to waste more money packing them up and time taking them to the carrier. Im really tired of playing this return game and listen to zolo tell me how strange this is that three sets would fail, with each pair failing in 2 to 3 months each. Sometimes you just have to cut your losses and relize you have purchased junk. I would lower this rating from one star to zero stars if i could. BUYER BE WARE, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS JUNK if you are expecting a quality pair of earbuds.
Pros: - Good fit. Lots of options to secure these in your ears. I work out with mine (running, kickboxing, etc.) and they havent fallen out yet. - Sound quality is decent. Probably about as good as a pair of $30 wired earbuds. (see Cons) - Case holds a decent charge. Ive had them for about a week, have only had to charge the case once. Earbuds themselves last about 3 hours, maybe a little less. - Comfort is good, but depends on what size tips and if you use one of the silicone jackets or not. Cons: - Sound quality is decent. High range sounds hit some distortion at louder volume. - Connection can be unsteady. The left earbud cuts out occasionally, especially when Im moving like walking or running. Overall a decent pair. I got mine during a Lightning Deal, so they were like $50-ish. Not too bad, but not amazing. Cant really compete with Apples AirPods primarily because Apple has a dedicated chip to handle the wireless connection.
UPDATE: Ah, well - that’ll teach me to write a review. About six weeks after I wrote this review (about 20 months of use), my Zolos bit the dust. They were perfect while they lasted ... but a two year life span isn’t long enough for a product in this price range. ORIGINAL: five stars. I backed these headphones on Kickstarter because they were made by the Anker folks. I’m glad to report that I didn’t get burned, and these babies are going strong a year later. I don’t usually write product reviews, but I was just caught dancing to the Hamilton soundtrack while waiting for my gas tank to fill, and ended up having a 10 minute conversation with someone about my Zolo Liberties. These are perfect. Great sound. Lightweight. Long battery life. Quick charging. Long range. Just awesome. I NEED music and these are always ready to oblige. Thanks, Anker.
To big and bulky and one of my headphones didnt work when i recieved it
I primarily used these earbuds in the gym.  Initially, they were nonslip, but eventually the started to fall out more frequently.  The plasticy film over the earbuds, which come as part of the system, started slipping off as well.  I had intermittent sound loss in both buds but the Bluetooth would reconnect easily.  After four months of use I lost total sound in the left earbud leaving me with one functioning bud.  I bought these 6/18.
Edit- Zolo responded after I wrote this review and immediately offered a replacement pair of headphones. I thank them for the great customer service and speedy offer. Unfortunately, after having this new pair, for about the same amount of time, I’m experiencing the exact same issue. The right bud is very quiet and now the left one is cutting in and out. I really want to like these. I like the company and have no issues with anything else I’ve ever purchased from them. I just can’t recommend these. Anything else from the Anker family of products is great. 2 stars because they have such great customer service. I’ve had these for about 4 months. I use them regularly. Almost daily in the gym and while out running errands. Sound was good. Battery life was great. About a month ago the volume in right bud suddenly got almost imperceptibly quiet, while the left was fine. Found some tips and tried cleaning them and resetting with no luck. Today, while working out, the left bud started a high pitched screech. This happened as long as it was connected to my phone. Repeated attempts at cleaning and reset with no luck. I loved these headphones. Disappointed they didn’t hold up. I may see if the Liberty+ have better long term reviews.
**UPDATE** Anker contacted me about the item and asked if I would like to review them again. I gave them a second whirl, and theyre still...mediocre. Heres what I told them: - [One of] The earbuds itself does not stay in my ear very comfortably. After about a 1.5 hour workout theres a little strain on part of my ear which makes these a little uncomfortable to wear. Perhaps for about an hour, but beyond that, I wouldnt recommend wearing them much longer than that. - The buttons on the side still feel sort of flimsy, plasticky, and cheapish. They work fine, but they just feel sort of really "clicky". - There is definitely a delay with sound in regards to video and audio. BEWARE. - The earpiece that goes into the canal creates a really weird seal inside of the ear canal. I have to work it over and twist it a few times to get a good seal that doesnt create a "pressurized" feeling whenever I put the earbud into my ear. - As well, when I put the earbud in, the fit into the ear canal is strange in that when I have my head down, it sounds a certain way, but when I lift my head up, the sound changes. I think it may have to do with the circulation in my head, but the changing of sound quality is strange, and sometimes disconcerting because when I lift my head, the sound is very high on the trebles, but the bass is gone. If I bow my head down, the sound itself changes again and now I cant hear the treble. - The strangest thing, however, is that if I just shake the earbud case, the lights come on and indicate for me how much power (three lights, two lights, one light). If I press down on the case just a little, the indicator dots come on. Basically, if I move it around at all, then the lights keep coming on, and its just strange. If the lights are triggered that easily, then I am led to wonder how solid the construction of the case itself is, if simply shaking the case makes the lights go on. I have tried some Bose Soundsport Free earbuds, and the case doesnt light up like the Zolo Liberty case does. SUMMARY - Just mediocre. I wouldnt pay $99 for these, but would consider them for less than $75 for sure. Theyre not bad, but if you have the means, spend more and get more. -----------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW----------------------------- I had some credit so I gave these a whirl. Im a big fan of Anker products, and this was the first product that was very "meh". The earbuds fit in alright, but sometimes the seal felt like it was creating pressure inside of the ear canal (which may have been me trying to get them to stay tight). Pros - Sound quality was pretty good. Bass wasnt exactly booming but the sound itself was clear. - Connection was pretty quick - Easy to use Cons - Seal wasnt exactly right for me - Quality felt sort of...cheaper (I wasnt expecting heavy, but these felt a little more on the plasticky (not a word) side) - Case didnt always stay closed completely, which was a problem if your phone was near the earbuds because it would disconnect other devices in favor of the Zolos. The thing I liked the least about this was the case. The earbuds wouldnt sit securely in the case, so sometimes they would charge, sometimes they wouldnt. If they werent charging, then they would automatically connect to your device and drain power, which is kind of annoying (ok, really annoying). I also thought the way the earbuds fit wasnt very comfortable, but my ears are a little more picky, so take that with a grain of salt. Overall, not bad, but not exactly for everyone.
Unreliable. Sound will come and go in each earphone regardless of volume control or the number of resets you do.
Original review below. Anker saw it and sent a second pair for me to test.  Magnetic case no longer an issue, new one works well.  Earbuds have better connectivity, but it still drops one or both more frequently than I would expect. Ive had these since December. I loved them initially, but 5 months in I can no longer stand them. The sound field feels like something is missing, though I cant pin what exactly. The left earbud cuts out constantly. The volume is weak. And the magnetic latch on the charging case isnt secure at all, which has left me with dead earbuds on multiple occasions when they should have been fully charged, and a couple times has even resulted in the earbuds becoming loose in my bag. This product is a pretty big misfire for Anker.
I have had these things for 4 months and I have to say they are almost awesome but just miss the mark.  They sit in my ear fairly well and dont fall out when walking.  I think if I was going to run in them Id recommend adding one of the pieces that hold them better in your ear.  The sound quality is pretty good.  I mean these arent 3 driver headphones but the bass is great and the mids and highs arent bad. However where these really miss the mark are: 1) Microphone quality for calls 2) Call sound is only through the right ear 3) Sometimes sound only comes out of one side and the only way to fix that is to put them back in the case or to completely disconnect them from your bluetooth settings A minor gripe is they sit out of the ear a bit far so if youre wearing a hood they can easily be knocked out of your ear as well but I think again that might be fixed with one of the additional pieces. Overall a pretty solid but not awesome set of bluetooth headphones.  Unfortunately as far as I can tell thats as good as it gets for bluetooth headphones in the market.
Only worked for 4 months then the left earbud goes out To much money for it to drive that seems to be no support to back it up
Pros: - light in weight, no bulk - no wires to tangle up! - carrying case that is also a charger, so you can go a couple days without having to plug in - comes with different ear bud tip sizes to ensure proper fit - packaging looks great, if received as a gift, it definitely has a wow factor Cons: - When doing cardio, you might have a hard time keeping them in - When you use the sport bud ear tips with the little triangle tips that come out, its impossible to charge. Those triangle tips add just enough bulk so that the connector pins dont charge if you have those style of tips installed. More than once I pushed them in properly just before bed and they were still not charged in the morning, because they didnt connect in the case. - some connectivity issues where only one ear bud would connect. could be part of the charging problem
I purchased these about 6 months ago. I like them a lot, however there are some drawbacks. Ill do bullet points for brevity. Pros: - Easy to pair, and fast pairing too. Like within seconds youre up and running. - Carrying case is sturdy, stays closed, and slips easily into a pocket or small pouch. Great for running or cycling. - Having the recharge done by the carrying case means you dont have to extra carry stuff around all the time. - Sound quality is good. I grant that Im not an audiophile but it sounds clear as could be to me. Cons: (I dont have many, but theres 2 big ones) - Left earbud constantly comes unpaired. I am currently unable to use the left earbud at all. It just....disconnects, all the time. - The earbuds, over time, stop seating in the charging case properly. This means that while you think youve disconnected, you havent. Imagine removing your earbud and putting it in your case, putting your case in your bag, and 2 hours later getting a phone call. You go to answer it only to hear....nothing. Because the person is talking into your earbud and youre going "HELLO?!" For these two big negatives, I couldnt rate the earbuds higher. I love the idea of them, and I want to love them, but theyre not holding up to the promises.
After using these for months now, one of the two buds frequently goes in and out creating an annoying listening experience. On top of that using them to watch videos is worthless, the huge latency issue cause the audio to be at least a second behind the video
Easy to pair with fantastic sound. It really is immersive and clear, as good if not better than my full sized noise-cancelling headphones. They are durable through heavy sweating and rain and have never fallen out. The bluetooth range is pretty impressive, I love that I can leave my phone elsewhere while working in the yard. Once fully charged, the battery life is sufficient, but Im giving this three stars because the charging system is so picky. The base requires utter precision of earbud placement for charging. Once the connection is made I cant move the case at all - even the a bump setting the case down has been enough to cause the earbuds to shift just enough to stop charging. In short I dont depend on them ever actually be charged and I would certainly never travel with these or put them in my gym bag.
Took a mother fing hammer to these earlier tonight. Another returned amazon piece of shit that doesnt work at all. Its own app doesnt detect the device, you have to mess around with it to connect, the left sound keeps dropping out, then the right keeps skipping., What a pair of utter trash, i am so fing ticked off. People just return and return until someone keeps the garbage. So close to blacklisting amazon.
Battery life is a total joke and never held up to the specified 3.5 hours. I was lucky to get 1.5 hours out of a charge. Constantly disconnected from device and issues with the left and right earbuds not connecting together. Update: Anker reached out after my review and sent me a replacement set of earphones and it had the exact same problem.  Great customer service, but faulty product. +1 star for customer service.
I am a loyal customer from Anker, and I would go with them before going with any other brand. I decided to go with this Zolo Liberty earbuds before buying other brand, and honestly they are pretty good but I have been having issues with them. For some reason, one of the earbuds sometimes does not connect to my devices. Also, in many situations, they randomly disconnect. The sound quality is great, but those issues that I mentioned made me give a 3 star rating. I was thinking about buying the liberty plus depending on my experience on these ones, but I think that I might change my mind.
I bought the headphones for running and although the sound is pretty decent they don’t do a great job of repelling the sweat. Granted I am a very sweaty guy. I tried all the different combinations and the fit is mediocre at best. I was running today and one flew out of my ear. It really sucks having to keep adjusting while trying to exercise. They work awesome when I’m not moving or while lounging around the house doing household chores. I had one almost land on a dog turd as I was scooping it.
I bought these just over a year ago. The quality was inconsistent from the start as far as charging. They are supposed to shut off when put in the case and thus unpair from your device automatically but this rarely occurred. I never got even 3 hours of listening time with these even though I would always put them in their fully charged case. I only used them probably 4 months because I left them in the USA when I was working overseas. Now the right earbud will not charge in the case. So they are worthless because the left one just shuts off. Very frustrating dealing with this product. I understand Anker now owns this product line so maybe quality will improve. I bought an extended warranty with this product because I had never heard of the company Zolo, so hopefully I can get some relief and it was not just a failed purchase and lost money. PLEASE NOTE: I had the same issue with one earbud (left) not connecting, dropping, or with delay in BT pairing as other reviewers have mentioned. This is obvious an issue but I did not use them enough to see the failed consistency in the connection.
I have had these for less than a year. At first I loved them. But now they will not both work at the same time and whichever one is working you can barely hear. Guess I will have to spend another $200 and try some bone induction wireless ear buds. I have used the zolo some but not excessively.
After 7 months with these earphones, I can honestly say that I love them. I cant give them higher than a 3 star review however. I have a the liberty, and liberty+ model and I have to say, this bargain set has its limitations for sure Over the course of 7 months of light use, the charge case door is out of alignment, and is a less premium all plastic build. I get the need to save money in manufacturing and differentiate the products from one another, however I feel this could have been achieved in another way. Such as making the cheaper earphones in a grey aluminum case I also find the lack of app support disturbing - for the zolo liberty. While the liberty+ has app support, it seems these cheaper earphones will eventually no longer be supported after their estimated 2 year lifespan... Which really just contributes to our throw-away society. I dont know if app support can be added, but if it can, it really needs to be! There is also no way I can see to turn off the status lights on the side of the earbuds while theyre in my ears. While laying in bed at night listening to music, the constant blinking actually keeps my wife awake
Initially started OK, but rapidly started losing volume in the right side.  Now both earpods have very low volume and I can barely hear sound.  Unnacceptable.
I loved them so much when I first received them. The sound quality was incredible. I thought I had finally found my wireless headphones. Now I can barely hear anything from them after a few runs. I am very disappointed.
If I put a speaker and applesauce in a blender then put my ear to the top of the blender and hit the max power button it would reproduce the ugly/distorted/flat/muddy sound out of these earbuds. Listening to The Weeknd sounds like hes Timmy who fell in a deep well shouting out the lyrics..and that is a crime to do to his voice. The sound and fit in ear is so bad they are not worth buying. Anker should think twice about stamping their name on these given their reputation for great batteries. The ~$22 SENSO Bluetooth Headphones blow these out of the water in every category for 1/5 the price. RIP my money.
Kickstarter backer.  These buds are awful.  The right bud is pretty much dead and the left bud is only good when it’s jammed into my ear.  Support has been nonexistent. Do NOT buy these buds.
Solid earphones, though at times the left earbud cuts out momentarily. Fits alright, a little snug. Battery life is amazing. Not as loud as I want them to be, but thats likely because I messed my ears up at concerts in my teens. Overall for the price-point, solid but unspectacular.
I purchased a pair of these earbuds about three months ago, and at first I LOVED them. Great sound quality, great noise cancellation, comfy, and I had no issues with them whatsoever. Now tho, the left earbud has gone almost mute. You can barely hear the faintest, sound even at full volume. And the right earbud still makes noise, only it seems to have developed a crackling sound. I reached out to ZOLO about it and they said they won’t do anything about it without a receipt. After asking me to send them the serial number, address, picture of the physical earbuds. Poor excuse for customer service. Waste of time.
no owners manual
Until just before a year into using them the sound (not function) stopped working on one of them. Spoke to zolo and they didnt do anything to rectify, soooo....dont buy!!!!!!!!
As with 100% of all others reviewing this product, the volume in one side dropped significantly. Then the other side. 18 month warranty still active. Contacted support and am hoping for a replacement that works correctly.
Purchased these in beginning of June right out of the box only the right earbud will work no matter what I connect them too. The one earbud sounds decent but I couldve just purchased a single earbud for that purpose and saved some money too, very disappointed
I went through two new pairs with Anker support and internet forums suggesting various fixes.  None worked. The headphones disconnect frequently from each other, anywhere from 30s to 5min.  It isnt distance from your phone, since the controller (right earbud) keeps playing.  Its simply the connection between the earbuds. Update: Zolo has gone out of their way to send me the updated pair, the Liberty+ using BT 5.0. The new pair works great.
I read the reviews... All negative... But I didn’t listen. Thought it would be different for me. NOPE. There was already a problem with them right out of the box. FIRST USE. And that problem is that the sound is delayed when watching movies/videos or playing games. This, to me, was annoying, but I was willing to overlook that problem because it was miniscule. Problem number 2 is the biggest one and is the main reason why i’m returning these as I am writing this review. It’s only been a few days since i’ve received them, and I already cannot hear out of the left earbud. I restarted them multiple times like the instructions said, but it doesn’t do squat. I gotta say, I am furious that I spent over 100$ to buy these earbuds that I thought would be quality just because they were expensive, but were not at all. A pair of earbuds this expensive should not be having issues at all, let alone RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. Anyway, heed mine and the warnings of many others, and don’t buy these trashbuds. Peace out.
They did not meet expectations I purchased AirPods
Tried all the various size earpieces. Devices fall out of ears repeatedly. Lost one of them first week. Unreliable investment.  Go with something else.
I love Anker, but these buds were complete crap. I kickstarted the product and it took over 8 months to get them. Their sound is low quality, they dont stay in your ears, and the battery lasts for more like 12 hrs. Save your money, look for better options.
Ive owned these for a few months and they worked really well at first. Now the right ear bud isnt as loud as the left. I mostly usethe right while at work and some times while running. When you are wearing them  you cant hear anything! I had the mailman walk up and stand behind me and didnt know he was even there. Thats not a down side in my own. I just dont like after a few months use the right ear bud is really low and cant hear it unless in a quite area. I use them very often I love that they are wireless, it makes running and yard easier by just pairing them with my smart watch and getting to work. I take three stars off because of the volume issue. I have dropped them a few times on carpet. They slipped out of my ear while just sitting there. They havent fallen out while working out. 16 April 2018 Update: right ear bud now no longer works. Ive contacted the sell to see if they can help or replace it. Ive only had them for two months. Dropping to one star and will update depending on customer support Update 23 April 2018: customer service sent me a new pair at no extra charge. Bumping it up to three stars for now. If this set last longer than my last ill bump it up higher. Im satisfied that they sent me a new set of working headphones. That is good customer service. Update August 2018 Replacement headset is doing the same thing as the last set. Left ear bud is distorted and sound in right is very low and cant hear. Dont buy these.
Cannot use them one at time.
I own the sports buds and was so looking forward to these, but besides that they have no physical controls over volume or track, if you cant fit them in your ears in exactly the right way, they sound like an AM radio. A shame ...
The headphones seem like a good idea that just couldnt deliver. I had these for about a week.  The left earpiece all of a sudden stops working after about 4 days of usage.  Part of me is upset that I ave to give them 1 star.
Good sound. Tight fit. If you walk a lot you will need to keep showing them back into your ears though. Also, if you walk a lot with these in you will hear a constant pounding of each step you take. Kind of annoying but I got used to it after awhile. If you use these while sitting the sound and fit is great
Im giving up on wireless earphones. This is the second pair in less than a year that has had one earphone fail. Even if it hadnt broken, I find it maddening that you cant use the left earbud as a standalone, only the right. On top of that, the carrying/ charging case is gigantic and bulky. Overall, not impressed with the Zolo Liberty and kind of questioning my loyalty to Anker in general.
The sound quality is decent for the price range, signal is stable,  they can go a week at a time before I need to plug in to charge, and theyre comfortable. So why such a low rating? Because I dont anticipate these lasting very long. Im very, very gentle with my things (kitchen equipment lasts me decades even with every day use) and Ive only put this charging case in my purse a grand total of FOUR times and its already loose and giving me the impression its about to fall apart. Basically, if I want to take these anywhere I have to leave the case behind. I mightve just gotten a bad one but if these were as sturdy as my airpods (which are uncomfortable to wear) Id love them.
The product worked well for a few months, then without warning the left earbud stopped working all together. It used to cut out every so often (actually seemed to be correlated with when my phone switched from portrait to landscape mode), but it would re-establish after a second or two. Now the left ear bud is completely silent, despite trying everything I can find online to reset the buds. I usually love Anker products, but they really missed the mark on this one. Its a shame, Ill be more likely to look to another brand after getting burned with these. ----new info 26 AUG--- Anker customer service is second to none. They proactively sent a replacement set. Ill raise one star (from two to three) for that. Well see how long this set works before I change any further. When they work, I really like them. Heres hoping they fixed the "left ear bud" issue!
They were great for 3 months (fit comfortably, decent sound, good connection, good battery life, convenient charging case) then the left pod stopped working. I read similar complaints and tried a few things but no luck.
Were great while they lasted, but left earbud completely stopped working after about 4 months
These worked ok for about a month. The highs are piercing and tingy. They broke after a month of regular use. I’ve been trying to get a replacement for a month. The customer service is horrendous. Don’t buy! There are much better products on the market.
These true wireless headphones are okay for the price. But I feel like there are better options (e.g., Jaybird, Bose). Pros: - Fit (in general) - Connectivity (Bluetooth) - Finish (quality materials, workmanship) - Battery life Cons: - Fit must be really good to experience good music fidelity. - Difficult for me to find the perfect fit. They feel like they will fall out easily. I tried all the attachments. - No active noise cancellation - Phone calls are mono, not stereo - App doesnt have a lot of features - Advertised "tap" is actually a press
First impression: awesome sound quality for the price. But the BATTERY only lasts me 45 minutes max after full charge. Ive had these headphones for a week now, and Im pretty sure the battery is advertised to last at least 3 hours, not 45. Very disappointing as I enjoy the sound quality, but having to charge every 45 minutes is an utter pain.
I got these through kickstarter and within months one of the ears stopped working (got so quiet that it basically didnt let through any sound at all and I couldnt comfortably wear both ears). Customer service doesnt believe me and is making me ship them back (even though I already provided them with all the info), which is a fail for the headphones and a fail for the customer service.
Dont buy them. When they stop working the company pretty much say to bad sorry for your inconvenience theres nothing we can do.
Right earbud kept disconnecting frequently (like, once every five minutes). Right earbud finally died, contacted the company who admitted it was an issue that several customers had been experiencing but since my warranty had just expired days earlier, they wouldn’t replace it. Not buying these in the future, there are cheaper/better sounding options out there.
Worked fine for a while and then the right ear piece went dead. I tried all the troubleshooting but to no avail.  Bummer as this was a nice find.
They fit great and sound great when they work. Unfortunately, I experienced more connectivity issues than not with these buds. Ive actually received two pairs from the manufacturer and have had issues with both. The first pair I received suddenly lost half of its max volume level after a week and a half of light use. No matter what I tried, the volume level wouldnt go above a loud whisper. Definitely not ideal for listening to music or talk outside of a super quiet environment. The second pair Ive had for less than a week and has experienced all of the same connection issues other reviewers have written about. Dropped connections, pairing, and poor syncing with video. The last straw was when they would just power down randomly with 90% battery remaining. It kept happening even after restarting several times after a couple of minutes of play. Customer service is fantastic and I appreciate that, but if the product doesnt work no level of service can make it right. I dont know if its a Bluetooth 4.2 issue so maybe the upgraded version would be better which coincidentally are on sale now with a promo code for $10 less than what I paid for these. Thats like adding insult to injury and Ill be returning mine. Save your money and find another brand.
The left earbud is defective (see countless posts concerning this issue). I’m so angry that I bought these and now have to return them
When I initially received these headphones they were easily a 5 star purchase. Freedom from wires, a charging case and surprisingly awesome sound quality.  Unfortunately not all good things are made to last. One day on a particularly long run my right earbud started shocking my ear. The pain this caused wasnt that intense (probably a 2 on the wong-baker pain scale). Ever since this event my right earbud produces sound at about 15% of the system volume. The left bud is fine. I followed up by submitting warranty claim, but I was told they were out of the coverage period. So now Im considering buying a new pair, but Im wary as their line of headphones all seem to place the charging nodes right up against the tender ear skin.
Very good True Wireless headphones with one big problem. I have used a lot of true wireless headphones over the last couple of years. Some have cost $30 and some have cost $200. I understand the benefits and limits of the true wireless system. Good for music and videos on devices that use the correct wireless protocol. (iPads and iPhones if using Apple TV app, not YouTube, etc.) Works with IOS, Android and my Win 10 computer. Sound wise they are very good. They have a flat response rather than emphasized bass or treble. Your music players EQ can bring it up to whatever you would like. Controls are limited on the earphones. Easily start/stop music, enable your digital assistant and take phone calls. Almost everything else is easier on the phone. Pairing works well and "sticks." There is the occasional drop out, but I have had these on EVERY true wireless earphones I have used. Worse outside than inside. Right earbud is dominant and left is the slave. (Several of my chepaer endeavors you could use either.) So the problem. The charging case. I am old school and would prefer to have a USB charge port on each earbud, but I can live with charging cases. This case works fairly well with the earphones out of the box. Most of the time the sit right. I carry them in my coat pocket and occasionally the will loose connection with the case and repair with my phone. (Which also means they stop charging.) Now for the BIG problem. If you add the "Ear Ring" jackets to help them stay in while active, getting to dock with the case is an endeavor in patience. You have to push, nudge, take out and put back in until you can get them to dock. Then any rotation of the case causes them to come loose. So its take the sleeves off and they work great. If you look at the case there is really not cut out or place for the "ear ring" to go, so it pushes the charging area of the earphone up. I do recommend these if you are looking for true wireless earphones. They are discrete without an over the ear bracket or a Frankenstein bolt look. The sound is good (lets face it your listening to compressed music anyway.) If I could use them with the provided jackets it would be a five star review.
Although the pairing was a bit tricky, I have had no issues with these bluetooth earbuds, unlike many other pairs I have experienced. Also, sometimes they pair automatically with my phone, which is a bit problematic if I want to instead be paired to a different bluetooth device (ie, headset or car).
I was one of the kickstarter backers for this and actually bought two of them. I was really excited about the product but unfortunately, they are terrible and sound like a flea in a tin can. I lose connection if I have my phone in my jeans pocket, they feel and look well made I will say that, but now they just collect dust.
I was really excited when i bought them but Ive had these for 16 months now and starting to see issues.  They seemed to have developed a spotty bluetooth connection which means sometimes missing the pairing to my phone when i take them out of the case. The charging case also has problems, in that the power/charge lights no longer auto-dim, so it just drains the battery - albeit very slowly. Not the kind of quality issues I would expect to see after almost a year and a half of ownership and I cant do anything about it since im past my 1 year warranty. The technology for wireless earphones have moved a long way since then - i would suggest investing in a better pair than these.
Junk cant get the left ear bud to work. I did all the tips and followed the directions to pair it with the right but nothing its been 2 days  Dont wast your money GARBAGE
Just ok
Would you like to use these headphones with your Desktop or phone? They INFREQUENTLY connect, they will be unresponsive to both the communicating device, as well as their own off button. They will disconnect at random, and they will disconnect from one another frequently. To connect them back to each other, youve got to repeat a poorly communicated series of steps that work infrequently. They are worth less than 20 dollars but are asking for 100. It is disgusting that any online shop would even sell these trinkets of theft. You might as well throw your money away and buy 8 wired head phones because these are absolute trash.
The battery life is horrendous. (Ive had these since late October and its currently early March.) I can charge them for 4 hours and yet only get 2 maybe 2 and a half back. I wouldnt recommend these to anyone who wants more than a couple of hours of play time.
Terrible headphones. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. They fall out of your ear at the slightest bump or jog or even if you tilt your head sideways
These are pretty bad. To me its well worth paying the extra $60-$100 for earbuds that dont PAIR INDIVIDUALLY. The positive reviews for this HAVE to be fake.
I have been a long time Anker supporter and I am even one of their Power Users. I own and personally bought many of the products that I use every day. I bought these June of 2018 and they were great until about November of that year when the sound on the right earbud suddenly became muffled. Cleaning them out helped for a small period before the right earbuds went all but dead. I contacted support and as usual, they were very apologetic for the issue and sent me out a new pair. Those too performed well for a time until about a month ago. The same exact thing happened AGAIN but this time on a worse and far quicker scale. I have returned them for a full refund. I am not sure whether the QC on these is lackluster, or if their knowledge on making earbuds is still in its infant stages, but these have been a nightmare to deal with. I was still plagued with inconsistent connections, dropped connections in the gym(rendering them unusable), and a finicky fit in my ears. These are not to say that they are terrible if you get a good pair, as many have, they are great. THese were barely worth it for the $69.99 I bought them for. I am ashamed that Anker, knowing the issues that these have, decided it was a good idea to raise the price another $30 to $99.99. This is stealing unless the issues have been resolved. I doubt they have. This does not make Anker a bad company, but this was definitely a miss for me.
Nice design. Worked well -- for 90 days. Now left earbud totally dead, will not recharge.
Convenient, fits perfectly, so far no battery life problems (I also charge whenever they are not on my ear) and they dont look odd in my ear. The range and sound quality is also pretty solid.  Those things are all great, but there is one huge flaw - the sound drops way too often. Its mostly the left earbud, but sometimes when the left drops, the right has a bit of a hiccup. This happens if Im sitting still at my desk. This happens if Im walking to and from the car. This happens if Im just laying down on the couch or bed at home. Basically, I cant say there is a "good" situation where the problem doesnt happen, though I think it may be worse when Im walking, Im not sure to be honest. Thankfully they were only $70 when I bought them, compared to some of the more expensive ones, so I went in with low-ish expectations. The audio dropping is so jarring too, especially for someone who listens to podcasts and audio books so much. I actually miss out on information because of that. They actually work for phone calls too, I did not buy this with this intention, so I never looked into the feature before purchasing. It seems calls only go to the right earbud, so the handful of calls Ive taken with these have been fine, although very quiet compared to dedicated phone call headphones. My wife says she has no issues hearing me on the other side though.
The left headphone stopped working after 4 months of use, the fit was good but the quality of these headphones leaves something to be desired.
I use this product for almost everything and I’ve only had them for a month and the left one already doesn’t work and they’re taking forever to charge now. Definitely not worth the money
I think its funny that you guys will sell a device that operates for sound, and you dont tell anyone what they actually sound like. Jee wiz. Has deep rich bass? You mean like most 10$ headphones nowadays? "deep" "rich". It maybe rich but definitelly not deep.  At least tell us it reaches to 32hz. I understand its for phones and ease of use things, but theyre still headphones. Act like it. Youre not selling an rc car.
There are just a few too many features to dislike about these.  Yes, the sound is not much worse than I expected (and I started with low expectations), but other downsides included: (1) I could just never get them to fit comfortably in my ears. Maybe its just me and my mutant ears. (2) With the most secure and and comfortable fit I could manage, vibration from my footfalls were transmitted through to the earbuds when I walked.  Quite distracting, and not good. (3) Turning them off requires returning them to the charging case, but even that is only hit and miss. I have repeatedly looked at my phone a few hours after putting them away and found that they are still keeping a tight grip on its Bluetooth. Aside from those issues, they did work relatively well, though the left ear would often drop out for a few seconds at a time. The Google assistant integration was easy, and I did not miss having no volume control on them buds.  Overall, just a meh.
I wanted to give this headphone a chance because it wasnt too much in cost and I have been impressed with Ankers other product quality. Pros: Sound quality was very nice, good snug fit and it stays in my ear while working out. The small compact case provides many hours of listening. Cons: After you take it out of the case and put it into your ear, it wont connect to my iPhoneX. I have to turn it OFF and then turn it back on. This is where it gets very frustrating as you have to hold down the button for more than 3 seconds. This pressure hurts my ear canal. If that wasnt enough, to start the headphone back up, you have to press both pieces separately to turn it on. I realize you could do this out of your ear but I cannot hear the OFF or ON sound and that makes it difficult to determine if it is off or on. I have my Bluetooth in ON position at all times and have other devices connected, but ZOLO wont connect automatically. I have tried new connections multiple times. When ZOLO is connected, I am very happy with the sound quality and fit.
I have had the zolo liberty for a few days.  They are comfortable and stay.  I have experienced occasional audio disruption in the left earbud but fixed by putting in the case and taking them out again.  My one real issue is switching the connection from one device to another.  One main feature I look for in any Bluetooth device is being able to put them in pairing mode to easily switch connection to another device.  This isn’t possible with these headphones.  I read one suggestion to disconnect the last paired device which can be inconvenient when the device is in another room.  I wish zolo/anker would fix this problem.
Ill start by saying I love Anker products. They are USUALLY built with the best quality. However, this is by far their WORST product. I bought these from the Zolo Wireless Earphones Kickstarter and they have been a pain to use. My biggest gripe is having it connect to my Bluetooth devices. Whenever I pull them out of the case, its impossible to get them to sync with my phone or laptop. I have to keep putting them back into the case and taking them out. Takes about 10 mins to get them to sync properly. The sound is superb. The build of the case and headphones is some of the best Ive seen. But because of how impossible and un-intuitive it is to pair these things to any devices (forget about multiple devices) they are as good as garbage.
Product was very difficult to work with and kept disconnecting. Called customer support and we’re not very helpful
1. Battle to connect with BT 2. Sound balance between Left and right always out. 3. Ear wax always clogging membrane (design issue) Anker did refund me after complaints, so at least they are honest.
I received these earbuds on June 9 2018. Worked great for 2 weeks. Now have all kinds of problems. Help Anker
Can only pair with one device - I typically switch between mobile devices (tablet/phone) as well as laptop on occasion. This became a big annoyance as if you did not disconnect the other device couldnt connect without re-pairing.
I really wanted to like these earphones. The sound was good, the fit was comfortable, and the pairing was relatively straightforward (with only one button on each side, it took a little bit of getting used to. However, within a couple weeks, the earphones would not take a charge from the charging case. I tried draining the batteries and recharging, troubleshooting, contacting the company, etc. because I thought I had found the perfect pair, but after reading more reviews online, it seems others have had similar problems. Hopefully the issue was just a defective unit, but I had to return them and will continue to see if Anker can fix the issue moving forward.
First online review of my life. Do not buy these. Like others have noted, this will be the last kickstarter product I purchase. Left earbud stopped charging. Extremely disappointing and regret making this purchase.
Id like some clarification please. How do I know when my earbuds are charging in the case? Because whenever I put them in the case the light is on for a little while but then it turns off. It also turns off if i bump the earbuds ever so slightly. Ive been looking for this problem everywhere but i cant seem to find anything on this. Ill change the star review once i find the solution, but for now, it stays a two.
Buyer Beware. These do have connectivity problems. I just received these as a gift and the sound does drop out of the left and sometimes the right earpiece. i will be returning these for a refund.
The Anker ZOLO Libertys were my second attempt at wireless buds, with the expectation that they would be a quality product just like everything else Anker makes.  Sadly, the left bud started cutting out (same issue several others have reported) after only one day of use.  I read through the other comments and tried the procedures that the Anker rep posted to no avail.  I also went to the Anker website looking for a users manual, but they dont even list the Liberty earbuds in their audio product line.  The ZOLO Life app only works for Liberty + earbuds.  I e-mailed Anker before buying these and asked about Bluetooth connectivity problems, but still still waiting on a response.  Debating on returning these and trying yet another brand of BT buds.
Didnt like returned
Pros: Well made with seems to be quality material, nice design from the buds to the case. Sound quality is pretty comparable to some of the more expensive ones... of course you can adjust your sound through your devices equalizer if available. Cons: After finding the right fittings, a few hrs of wearing these they started to hurt, especially when taking them out. The left bud started cutting in and out. When the batteries were getting low, (it gives you a notification) my phone said it only had 20% left... so I put them in my fully charged case to charge them up. I left them in there for at least an hr,  when I checked it, my phone said it still had only 20% so I left them in there for about another 2 hrs. Checked them again and still... only 20%. These buds didnt make a good first impression with me so I returned them
Only answer phone in one ear music plays out of both
Headphones worked ok... the left ear piece would not work independently which kind of aggravated me. Also when they were connected the left earpiece would disconnect frequently.
The sound is amazing. I was so sad to find the other reviews are true, and the left ear starts cutting out incessantly after the first few hours of use. At least I only paid 50 bucks.
I received this as a Christmas gift. Ill list out some Pros and Cons. Pros They fit my ears well and they dont hurt. They also do a great job of blocking out the background sounds. I really like that you can use only one at a time, which is my preference when I run. They connect seamlessly to my phone and the sound quality is great. No issues with them falling out or moving as I run. Cons When I connect to my computer, only the right one actually plays (Im not sure if this would be the case when I run, as I only run with one earbud). It often loses connectivity with my computer and has several 1-2 second skips constantly. Theyre essentially unusable with my computer. The battery life is horrible! Coming from fully charged, the battery only lasted for 50 minutes on a run - which is unacceptable.
Earplugs are nice. Sound quality is very good. Too bad they don’t work longer than 19 months, one month after the warranty period. ZOLO is not supportive. Even though there are more people with the same issues. Next time I’ll buy a brand with a better durability.
To clarify this review is for the liberty plus kickstarter headphones.  Here’s a quick summary: Sound 5/5:  Awesome crisp and clear sound!  Nice clean bass and highs. Fit: 1/5:  Unfortunately these don’t fit my ear. They stay in for maybe 30 seconds before falling out and that gets annoying fast. They especially will fall out if tilting my head downward.  Yes, I tried all combinations of silicone tips and earbuds and they don’t work.  Wouldn’t recommend running or biking w/ these in.  Headphones are somewhat big and wonder if it creates a natural moment for falling out. Transparency feature 2/5: an innovative feature, however doesn’t work outside since the wind makes it sound like someone’s blowing in your ear.  Needs some wind blocking enhancements. App 2/5:  yes lets you change sound settings.  Drives me absolutely nuts that there are misspellings and grammatical errors in the app & instructions manual.  That’s not professional and makes me lose confidence in the product. Connection 4/5:  USB 5.0 maybe a bit overrated.  Still got occasional cutouts on connection.  Also headset didn’t consistently connect once removed from charging case. Ended up returning it.  Anker customer support is awesome and super easy to work with!  I’d recommend trying it if you’re the lucky one with the compatible ear shape.
Overall, these are good sounding headphones. I will admit that I really wanted to like these, but I honestly just dont see these as good as my favorites - the Anker Soundbud Sport 10s. I prefer the overear and solid feel that the Soundbud Sports have. They both sound about the same... maybe a slight edge to the Zolo Liberty for tight sound, but not by much. The real negative about the Zolo Liberty for me is that the left ear bud cuts out quite frequently. I also realized after buying that I dont like having to keep track of two separate buds + the case. When I want to take one of the buds out I have to hold in my hand rather than having the convenience of hanging on my ear. When lifting and doing Crossfit I also had the buds fall out of my ears a few times despite the "grip fit" technology. I had no issues with running. I would be willing to buy up to the Liberty Plus to avoid the left bud cut out issues, but dont want to pay the steep price tag for something that I believe is Zolo (Ankers) fault in the first place.
Great sound, great quality, great battery.  After a 16 hour day of on and off usage my earbuds still had battery in them, with out putting them in the case.  The rubber tips and fins are a great bonus and really helped me find a good fit, I am no longer worried about them falling out, unlike the Airpods.  Finnaly the controls work best when two earbuds are in, and the assistant(in my case google) bring true wireless to.a new level for me.  Highly recommend. -----REVISED----- I started having issues with the right earbud, it is significantly quieter then the left earbud, and I have done all of the troubleshooting on the item.  I hope zolo can help me with a replacement, as something like this shouldnt need a warranty.
Decent sound, easy to set up, great for phone calls.  However, the left earbud dies consistently and the volume isnt quite loud enough for me.  Dont bother trying to reach the manufacturer, theyre worthless.  Returning and will wait for a better pair to come out.
I have the Liberty+ model which I purchased via Kickstarter. They have a longer lasting battery in the case, but the same basic earbuds. Pros: 1) Ironclad connectivity (for me at least - using a Pixel 2 XL) 2) Sound great IF (big if) you can get a good fitment. 3) Decent battery life considering they are fully wireless. 4) Easy to connect/disconnect using the case. Cons: 1) Mic is terrible and calls are right earbud only 2) Fitment is iffy. I needed to use eartips from my UE900s for a great fit, but that in turn prevents the buds from fitting in the case. 3) Transparency mode is almost useless in all but a very quiet office environment because of the aforementioned awful mic. 4) Google Assistant integration is bad. Takes 5-10 seconds to activate. 5) No volume controls, gotta use your phone to control volume. If Transparency worked better - it wouldnt be as big a deal. Overall, nifty and useful - but only for playing music off and on. As a headset for taking calls and general phone use - they are below average.
Sound is great and battery life is really decent too.  Directions for use are minimal and occasionally loose connection to second ear bud.  Also, as expectations go, wasnt aware phone calls dont work in stereo, only right ear (connected to pixel XL).  Assistant connect is easy and so is pause and play music but have yet to figure out next song. Seems you need to click each ear to start and get an audio indicator.  Again, going to instructions, they could use some improvement.
I purchased these through the Kickstarter, sound is amazing, however a couple of downsides: The silicone sleeves are so thin I feel like I’m going to tear them when I put them on. The most charge I can get out of them is 90%, it will not accept a higher charge and so that being said I do not get the 3.5 hours as advertised. I understand I was part of the original mine on Kickstarter but nevertheless I’m disappointed in this end product thus far. I hope future versions fix these annoyances because the product has potential
I have to admit - these are cool  - but for the price - there are better alternatives. If these headphones were priced at $50-$60, they would be more of a deal - but at $100, I cant recommend these headphones. For my purposes - wire Bluetooth Anker Soundcore Curve headphones meet more of my needs and only costs $20. Pros: While the first version was not loud - but provided full sound - the new version is full, loud and blocks out a lot of outside noise - but not all.  This has been great for blocking out people on the  NYC Subway - but I also dont hear announcements so I have to pay attention. Small - come in recharging case. Pair quickly to phone. I have smaller canals - so finding headphones that fit me and are comfortable can be hard - and while it was an adjustment and they didnt feel great at first - I got used to them and any discomfort I may have had went away in an hour or so. Bluetooth distance is no longer an issue indoors - I can walk 20 feet away through 2 walls - and have no issues - no issues in my apartment either.  When you do disconnect because of distance - it automatically reconnects when you are back in range. (this used to be a con - they greatly improved connectivity with new version.) The microphone greatly improved indoors and when outside with little to no wind.  People I spoke to said the quality was super clear. (see con for outside) Cons: In the first version - the left earpiece constantly disconnected and reconnected.  In the new version - the left earbud disconnects from time to time - but this happens very rarely and would not last for more than a second.  Still should not happen - but I can deal with it. Unfortunately the Microphone in even the slightest of windy conditions makes calls horrible for the person on the other line.  I tested it with a friend - they called me using the headphones - it was a slightly breezy day - all I could hear was the wind overpowering anything they were trying to say. During anything that is not loud music - such as podcasts, phone calls, etc - or in rare cases when I wear the headphones just to block out outside nose - I can hear the vibrations from the headphones with every move I make. It sounds like the inside of a conch shell. Update: Anker reached out to me a couple months ago and asked if I could try the new version of the ZOLO Liberty Earphones.  I took them up on their offer - they did not ask me to update my review - but I have - and the updates are above. The new update has improved sound, pairing and audio quality - but there are still come issues. These new improvements warrant me increasing my review to 3 stars - however - when I originally purchased these headphones, they were $80.  Now they are $100. When it comes to truly wireless bluetooth headphones - if you are willing to spend $100 - the headphones better be good - if they arent - for $50 more - at $150 - you can get some of the best wireless earbuds on the market. Note: My phone is the Pixel XL - which has Bluetooth 4.2 - the same as the Zolo.
If you have an option between throwing your money in a storm drain, and ordering these earbuds, go with the storm drain.  At least you’ll get what you paid for. I backed the “+” version of these earbuds on Kickstarter, and it was a huge mistake. Let’s start with the custom fit; it doesn’t, in any configuration, or position.  No matter how I adjust them, they litteraly fall out of my ears. The time they stay in your ears can be extended, so long as you don’t move your lower jaw at all. Zolo did not take into account the mechanical action of the human mandible when they designed the headphones. Next there’s the use. The earbuds interface with each app on your mobile device differently, meaning they will work only with some apps, and differently in each app they actually work in. This may mean your voice memos only play out the right ear, while pandora plays out of both ears, and music player does what it wants, when it wants. Sound quality feels weak at best, but then it’s hard to get an accurate feel for headphones that done stay in your ears.  But the time they are in doesn’t feel much better than this crappy set that tends to come boxed with my current phone. I could go on, but frankly why?
I wish Id saved my money and bought AirPods. the bad: -Calls only go to one ear -You cant just use the left bud, you have to be using the right bud to use the left bud -At least once a day, I get a screeching audio feedback issue, where I have to take them out, put them in the case, turn them off and then put them back in. -Most voice commands only go to one ear -Its tough to get them out of the case. No easy method there Whats good? Sound when it works and the fit is pretty secure.
I bought these from the kickstarter. They arrived seven weeks late. Sound quality is good but there are too many shortcomings compared to EarPods. Using the included "jackets" makes them too large to fit in the charging case properly -- a huge oversight I cannot believe they tolerated. The charging case is also HUGE, easily double the size of the EarPod charging case. This is the first Anker product Ive purchases that I wasnt totally in love with it.
Update 8.21.18 - Anker sent a replacement pair of earbuds. Since I enjoyed my previous pair while they worked, am looking forward to seeing how this second set holds up. Update 8.9.18 - Lost two stars due to right earbud randomly losing its volume over a week ago. Even at max volume, you hear some little as it has become very quiet. Original Review Positives: Good fit and stays in the ear, connects easily, good battery life both on the earbuds and the case, simple controls. Negatives: There is a low constant buzzing in the background (music hides it, but really noticeable during podcasts).
Having no wires is really neat but overall these earbuds have become an annoyance.  The silicone sleeves for fit adjustment end up really hurting my ears after a short while.  The battery does not last as long as the competition - 3.5 hours vs 7 hours on the 2018 Samsung Gear Icon X.  There is no way to set the EQ of these through an app like my Jaybird X3s.  The sound on these is decent but not great - I tend to hear a soft crackle or other artifacts.  The worst annoyance I have is keeping them off.  I will turn them off and hear them power down.  Then I place them in their case for charging and 30 seconds later or so I see that my phone is pushing audio through the ear buds again.  I have to keep going and turning them off and delicately placing them in their case so that the door of the case doesnt touch their on button.  It keeps happening over and over again.  I might be interested in looking at the Liberty Plus model when its available as I hear some of these issues were addressed and they come with a better case.  Unfortunately, I cant help but feel let down by Anker on these and I have A LOT of great Anker products. Update: After about 3 days of trying these I have now experienced the issue others are complaining about - the left earbud cutting out.  Also, today after taking them out of the charging case and using them for about 20 minutes, the battery started to die on me.  Im guessing they did not make a good connection in the case and did not recharge correctly.  The case was fully charged.  I think this product has great potential in the next iteration but, as of now, theres a lot of room foro improvement.
Bought this on kickstarter. Emailed customer service saying that during phone calls, the right ear only works. They responded that that is how they are supposed to have been designed? I responded saying that is false advertising. Why would anyone ever want to buy wireless earbuds, where only one ear works on phone calls.  Oh but its noise cancelling. Yeah right. I am returning product.  No one under any circumstances should even consider buying this pile of garbage.
I got mine via Kickstarter and have been having lot of connectivity problems. Both earpieces desyncronize where feels like I’m getting echo. Left earpiece constantly stops working with no audio. Keeps dropping Bluetooth. They are not usable. The Zolo app also doesn’t connect to the earphones anymore. Have contacted support and no response. Lastly - I think those that got theirs through Kickstarter got swindled. They are selling it on Amazon at the same price as the early bird Kickstarter pledgers.
I bought the Liberty+ version on kickstarter.  They are comfortable with a good fit.  They have paired easily with all of my devices.  That is where the good ends for me.  The bass is weak and causes a terrible rumble sound when listening to anything with a deep bass beat.  My biggest issue is a lack of volume control.  Volume must be changed on the device.  There is no way to lower volume when connected to a device without native volume control.  I have never owned a pair of headphones (wired or wireless) without a volume control.  This is a major fail for me.
Was a great experience at the start, they fit so well, packaging was fantastic, charge case was sturdy. I really never wanted to take them out because they molded so well to my ear. After a few house use the left ear bud continuously cut out at random intervals.
Not what I expected from an Anker product. Everything you do not want in a pair of headphones. Even at their best, theyre unusable for video. I have a $20 pair of Bluetooth earbuds from TaoTronics that handle video latency with no issue. Left ear bud was consistently a few seconds behind the right one. Connection issues plagued these things. Anker usually has awesome customer service and response time, so I reached out to them asking if I could exchange the defective unit for another one. (Trying to give them the benefit of the doubt that my defective unit was a one-off) ... it took them three days to respond, and theyre now saying it will take 2 weeks before they can even discuss exchanging it with me. They said its because "were pretty backed up with fulfilling Kickstarter orders..." The Kickstarter campaign was for an entirely different pair of headphones, the Liberty+. As far as I see it, that shouldnt inhibit them from providing customer service for other products in their lineup.
**Update (07Dec2017) - ZOLO confirmed calls are mono, one ear piece only. If you want these (Liberty or Liberty+) for stereo phone calls, for better sound and to block ambient noise, no luck here, search elsewhere. This review is of ZOLO, a division of Anker. I am a $99.00 backer of Liberty+ on Kickstarter and my estimated delivery date was Oct. 2017. The campaign closed July 2017. As of today, 05Dec2017, Zolo has not fulfilled the reward. Their communication and updates teeters between pathetic and non-existent. I called customer support, I was on hold for 20 minutes then it hung up. Want to see 5000+ reviews?  Go to kickstarter <search> zolo <select> liberty+ <select> comments.  You will see what 5000+ people think of ZOLO and you see reviews about the Liberty series and the issues with these earphones.  My advise, dont buy these.
Got the liberty + from Kickstarter. Does not work as advertise. Transparency mode is not working. Left earbud constantly get shut off. Unable to charge to 100%, only stays at 95%. The zolo apps is also not working.
This is for the Kickstarter Liberty+.  You may get 24 hours (48) total battery life on these but if you want to use the left bud and recharge the right you can say a BIG NO.  As soon as you put the right earpiece in to charge say goodbye to the left earpiece.  So it is stereo and recharge both and pull out your OTHER headset or use the right earbud and then recharge and pull out your OTHER headset and wait to recharge.  I like them so far,  but, am Very annoyed with this setup.  Hope they come up with a workaround. PLEASE correct if I am wrong and I will fix this review, PLEASE!
I received these as a present and have been using them for the last few days.  Just like Ankers portable chargers, the battery life on the charging case is simply amazing.  The case has some type of motion detection, if you move the case the led lights up to show you the power level.  The case uses magnetic pins to connect/charge the earpieces.  Earpieces automatically turn on once theyre disconnected from the charging pins. Make sure the earpieces are connected properly before closing. I thought I placed them in correctly but saw that my iPhones BT was still connected.  Sound quality is very good as well as the fit.  Theyre really lightweight and I had no issue wearing them for several hours.  Both earpieces have button that allows you to play/pause (both sides), previous track (left side), next track (right side), and to activate Siri (right side).  No volume control functions. Like the other reviewers stated my left earpiece would skip or drop connection for no apparent reason which becomes annoying really quick.  Also at times the button on both earpieces become unresponsive.  It wouldnt allow me to pause or change tracks.  Only way to resolve this is to place them back into the case to turn off and back on.
Bought the zolo liberty,simple sound good ,calls etc,but no app for this also has no prompts for the money ,bit to much love anker products but not worth the money for basic ear buds and no app ?could have done better ,you can get more for less disappointed !!!
Bought to pair with my Pixel 2 XL, primarily used for cycling. Ended up returning. Pros: -Fits is snug, no chance of losing it. -Paired well -Audio is good while getting coffee -Packaging was great. Cons: -Lots of audible drag while cycling. This drag, makes it difficult to listen to music. Not the best earbud for active wear. -Music would drop routinely from left earbud, even when less than 5 feet from phone. -Instructions are confusing.
These sound great.They fit well enough and call quality is good (sound only from one earbud, however). These would be hands down the best True-wireless earbuds if  they didnt have so many issues with the left earbud cutting out. Seems random and I cant reproduce it. With the GripFit covers on, they are hard to get positioned in the case. The good news, I didnt need the GripFit so this is not an issue for me.
Terrible. Mine already died. I bought the Liberty+ through kickstarter. The positives: The battery life is great. The sound is fine, but no better than any $30 pair of bluetooth headphones youd get from Anker (Ive bought three other models of Anker bluetooth headphones, and all have been perfectly fine). The negatives:  The worst problem is the fit. I tried all the different attachments, and although they would stay in your ears if you were walking around, and maybe even running, they were by no means stable. If you happened to brush against them, they would immediately pop out. If you buy these, definitely dont wear them on an airplane or near water, or anywhere else where a tiny headphone is likely to pop out and get lost. And this exactly what happened to mine. I was wearing them under a winter hat, the hat jostled them a tiny bit, the left headphone fell to the soft, snow-covered ground and immediately stopped working. Pairing is also weird. Like many have complained about, the left one is strange and the documentation about how to make sure it reliably pairs is lacking. I eventually figured that out, but it could be much clearer. It is also a problem that there seems to be no way to "unpair" from a device from the headphones themselves. This is useful if you want to use these with multiple devices. I also didnt like that there is no way to adjust volume from the headphones themselves, you need to use your phone or the app that youre using. Overall, I regret buying these. The "truly" wireless features (i.e., no cord connecting the two headphones) arent much of an advantage over other cheaper wireless headphones that are connected by a cord; the fit is terrible, and these should survive a short drop to a soft surface, but mine didnt.
The sound is excellent, but when watching YouTube, Netflix, or other videos there is a definite audio lag that is VERY noticeable.  Maybe this will be resolved with the Liberty + version with its Bluetooth 5.0 built in but we are not paying $100 to have an off lip-sync pair of earphones!
As with others, I have trouble with left earbud reliability. The maximum volume also seems very low—I can barely hear podcasts when walking around Manhattan or in other noisy locations. with the earbuds at max volume. On other headsets, I am usually significantly under 50% volume.
Loses connectivity
Battery life low less than 2 hours.  Sometimes after a full charge they only last 15 minutes and when I contacted customer service I got a short email that told me that explain how to charge them.  And basically said that was the best I could expect.
I was super excited to try these out.  I have bought other Anker products over the years mainly battery packs and charging cables which have always been solid and reliable. Naturally I was expecting the same with these but they came up short in one main category.  The left earbud would continue to cut out randomly. More on this later... Packaging: I have always been of those people who would keep their product boxes and this would have been the same.  Once you open the box by unfolding from the side you are shown the earbuds and the charging case. Under the the buds and charging case you have the charging cable and multiple sets of earbud fittings. Everything that you would expect. 4 out of 5 stars Charging case: I havent had many to compare to but the case feels good in the hand, the earbuds fit securely in place and the lid closes shut and stays shut. When you put the earbuds in the case a single light shows on each earbud to notify you it is charging. There are also notification lights on the front of the case to let you know how much juice is remaining. I would definitely store the earbuds in the case when not in use to make sure I wouldnt lose them. 4 out of 5 stars Fit: I was very surprised how well they fit out of the box.  I didnt need to change the rubber fittings though if needed they are easy to take off and replace with another size. The fit is snug enough that with basic head movements they would stay in place.  I did not get a chance to test while running but I would imagine a steady jog would be ok.  I did pretend to sneeze and they stayed in place with no issues. 5 out of 5 stars Setup: Very easy process.  Nothing compared to the quick setup with Apple/Beats (when using iOS) products but still simple.  Put them in your ears, push the buttons on both buds, go to bluetooth settings on your phone and select the Zolos.  To disconnect I had to push each bud buttons for them to completely disconnect and shut off.  3 our of 5 stars Sound: Once connected there was some small white noise which mostly disappeared once you played music. Overall sound quality was pretty decent and better than I expected from a company which I do not think of when it comes to headphones/earbuds. I played a variety of music and was please with the sound. The snug fit provided a good seal to keep outside noise to a minimum.  For me this was perfect for the gym or just general listening at a desk. BUT....the left earbud would constantly cut out.  At first I thought it was because I had just plugged my phone in to charge which caused a pause in the music.  However it wasnt a pause in music just a flat cut out but the sound returned a second later.  I changed the track and experienced the same issue again.  I unplugged my phone and held it as if I was texting and continued to have the same issue.  I could not replicate it under one specific setting which made it all the more difficult. 1 out of 5 stars Overall I would have kept them if there wasnt a cut out in sound.  I gave it 2 stars based on that one specific issue.  Maybe the Liberty+ earbuds will fix this but until then these will go back and I will wait to find another pair.
These headphones sound -fine- with all of the tech Zolo has put into them, but Zolo has denied their customers a higher quality audio codec that is still being advertised on their website as of writing this. Both the Liberty and Liberty+ show being compatible with AAC and SBC when paired to devices that also support these codecs. For testing, I paired a set of Zolo Liberty+ to my Google Pixel 2 XL, which supports numerous higher quality Bluetooth codecs, AAC included. For those unaware, Android 8.0 and above automatically displays which Bluetooth audio codec is being used in the settings of the paired Bluetooth device. On two different pairs of Liberty+, neither showed the codec being used. Thinking this must be an error on my part, I reached out to Zolos support to see if perhaps they needed a firmware upgrade or some kind of change in the settings from the Zolo app. Instead, the response I received 3 days later was that AAC is actually active, but only "special software" can determine this. I simply dont believe this answer, as all comparable headphones Ive tried recently (Airpods, Pixelbuds, Bragi Dash Pro, etc) very clearly show the AAC codec in use without any "special software". Theres also a noticeable quality difference between those other headphones I tried with AAC and the Zolo Liberty+ that seemingly does not. Its early days for products in this category, and its unfortunate to see such a prominent newcomer either display incorrect information about their product at best, or flat-out lie about them at worst when so many people are starting to build interest in headphones like this. Knowing the technical details about wireless audio will become more and more important as popular devices continue to omit the headphone jack with each new generation and its a shame that this kind of misinformation exists to make researching headphones that much more difficult.
Theyre great when they work, but like many others have stated, the left earbud cuts out quite frequently. There is about a 1/2 to 1 1/2 second delay when watching video depending on the device. I tried resetting the earbuds, but they refuse to do so, activating the assistant feature instead. At first I thought the charging case was broken, but I realized I had applied the grip sleeves over the stock set of covers. After removing the wingless covers, charging worked flawlessly. The case uses Micro USB, which is a bummer. If youve got a newer phone, youll have to travel with 2 cables for charging. The sound is great, for the most part. I tested various styles of music on Pixel 2 XL (less bass dropping off around 60Hz to 80Hz or so), Note8 (pretty much perfect after turning on adaptive sound), and iPhone X (almost shrill at times with a sharp upper register). While I wanted to love these, for now, theyre a pass.
Worked fine for a few days, but then experienced constant signal loss and dropped sound from both laptop and phone.  Great concept, terrible quality. UPDATE:  I wound up returning this product, but ANKER customer support reached out to me and offered to replace the product to make it right.  I had already returned the product, but ANKER offered to provide me with a pair of Soundbuds Slim. While a very different product, they have worked very well for me, so much so that I wound up purchasing a second pair for my wife.  I have updated the review from a single star to 3 stars in recognition of the excellent customer service provided.
He left ear bud just quit working; no sound, and no way to reset.  They were great while they lasted but just disappointing.
Really good sounding earbuds and stays in the ears securely.  Love working out with this.  Started having connectivity issues on the right earbud about 8 months into it.  And now it no longer turn on.  I love these earbuds, and to pay $100 for it, I expect this to last.  Really disappointed.  I cant be replacing my earbuds every year at $100 or more, which is ridiculous.
The right ear unit sometimes overheats and almost burns my ear. I sometimes have trouble getting them to come on when I first pull them out to use them. Plus it only lasts about 4 hours before I have to recharge.
