These are my back up headphones. the charging case is durable and has a pleasant feel to it, the headphones themselves are a bit uncomfortable but that can be remadied with the included gummies
The absolute best wireless headphones you can get.
After 24 hours with them. Initial charge is around 3 hours. Sound Quality is superb for wireless headphones, volume is pretty adequate, mids and highs are pretty great. Low end bass sounds are pronounced but may wash out occasionally. Function Charging from case power is instant. Ability to use one is nice apart from having it be the right is nice. Occasionally but extremely rarely the left one  may desync for a split second but instantly reconnect. I assume the left is a slave ear bud off the right side. Form is nice. Out of the box they fit my ears perfectly. Comes with jackets and buds for other types. They dont fall out or seem to be hindered by sweat. Ill update after a longer time. Note: I got them during a lightning deal for 59.99. For that price they are amazing. My previous headphones were BeatsX (Apple Version)
Battery life is impressive! I love the lack white noise. My car blue tooth sucks and these are great:)
I’ve been using these earbuds for everyday for well over a month and they still haven’t run out of battery! The sound quality is great, too. I LOVE and highly recommend these earbuds!
Not bad
Amazing
They say 8h of battery life, I get more than 10h with 60% of juice left 100 h with the case Ive got 200h and counting with over 70% of juice left in the case. The only downside is the left earbuds can get disconnected with the right one but get the connection back rapidly in less than 1 second. You cant use the left bud without the right one.
I have been eyeing the true wireless earphone market for a while, and when I saw these with battery life that superseded almost any on the market at a lower price (and from Anker), I jumped on it. In general, these sound great, they isolate sound really well ( I typically only wear one so I can still hear things around me), battery has never run out during day-to-day use (with "correct" use, I will get to this in a moment), the pairing was easy, and they start up right when I put them in my ears. I thought pressing the buttons into my ears would be uncomfortable, but it isnt. Although it is slightly difficult to figure out how long to press to go to the next track. The case is a bit bigger than I had hoped, and because its rounded it feels a bit awkward in my pants pocket. But its a nice case that charges quickly. I have dropped it a couple of times, and it does pop open and the earbuds shoot out in various directions so be careful. To get to a few other issues, I have sometimes heard choppy audio, and usually Ill restart the earphones and it will mostly go away. I have found charging it to be annoying. The covers will move during use and cover up the charging prods, so Im constantly pulling on the covers to make sure they connect. This means that several times, I have thought both pieces were charging, when one wasnt. Because Ive had a hard time charging, I keep trying to figure out what the "charging" light is on the ear buds. At one point, I thought one flash meant that it was connected and charging. But sometimes the light stays on. Sometimes one flashes, and the other stays on. I just cant tell how to tell if its charging. Nothing in the manual on this. These are just the little things I noticed, I still fully recommend these for anyone looking to try true wireless earphones.
I keep coming back to Anker for the Customer Support - its great.  These worked great out of the box but something happened after two weeks and the left bud stopped connecting.  Anker CS told me to do the below and they are working great again: "Reset Process" - Open your phones Bluetooth menu and delete "ZOLO Liberty" from the list of devices. - Remove the earbuds from the charging case and press the button on both earbuds for 5 seconds. The LED light will turn red and then turn off. - Press the buttons on both earbuds for 8 seconds. The LED light will turn bright pink, then turn off, at which point you can release the button. - Ensure the charging case has power and place the earbuds back inside to reset. You will see steady white lights on both earbuds. Take both earbuds out of the charging case. The left earbud will automatically connect to the right earbud. The left earbuds LED will flash slowly, while the right earbuds LED will flash quickly. This indicates the reset has been successful. If unsuccessful repeat this step again. - Open your phones Bluetooth menu, search for "ZOLO Liberty" and connect.
You can catch these on sale every once in a while for $70, at that price they are a steal.  Great sound quality for wireless buds.  The battery life cannot be beat!  Add in bluetooth 5.0 with minimal lag and you have a great seat of headphones.
Few points of note: -Had these for several months now, and right out of the box they were great! Took me a bit of fiddling to get them paired up to my computer but from there it was hassle free every time. -Ive been trying all sorts of bluetooth headsets over the years, from Jabra gym types, bone conduction headsets, to single ear mics. -I use these for gaming, so the case is always charged at my computer. I sit down and pop them in and they automatically link to my PC. -not an audiophile, but theyre good enough for Battle Royales that require precise directional sound. Also great for discord and music all at once. -I dont use the mic capability because I have a Yeti so I cant speak to that. One day the right earbud linked, but the left would not and I couldnt figure it out. Tried to follow the directions online for resetting/reconnecting and no luck. Instructions that came with them didnt do the trick either. I reached out to Anker for replacement, and they (Kaitlyn) immediately provided a bit more detailed instructions, requesting me to try it before they RMAd. Headset is now back to working as intended (I think the instructions are a bit vague because they provide them in so many different languages). "Detailed" directions pasted below: - Open your phones Bluetooth menu and delete "ZOLO Liberty" from the list of devices. - Remove the earbuds from the charging case and press the button on both earbuds for 5 seconds. The LED light will turn red and then turn off. - Press the buttons on both earbuds for 8 seconds. The LED light will turn bright pink, then turn off, at which point you can release the button. - Ensure the charging case has power and place the earbuds back inside to reset. You will see steady white lights on both earbuds. Take both earbuds out of the charging case. The left earbud will automatically connect to the right earbud. The left earbuds LED will flash slowly, while the right earbuds LED will flash quickly. This indicates the reset has been successful. If unsuccessful repeat this step again. - Open your phones Bluetooth menu, search for "ZOLO Liberty" and connect.
Great battery life. Good quality sound for ear buds.
I like the fee and fit of the earbuds but the battery life is only about 2.5-3 hours which is frustrating. But overall decent.
Will not automatically connect after initial connection.
I had some trouble getting both buds paired and playing audio, but the sound and battery life have impressed me.
Absolutely great for the price, do not snooze on these, they could be a tad better for music but they work fantastic. Im happy with them.
I bought these to replace back beats. Liked the lower price point than airpods. I run long distances. Used on half marathon will try longer distance soon. Plus: battery life combined with recharger case, multi function. Easy to forward/ back, pause, startup. Neg: can’t tell battery life, people talking are muffled, case too big
i am a big fan of the Anker chargers and cables. But, these Anker/Zolo earbuds are a big disappointment. On my second pair after going through the hassle of returning the first because only the right earbud worked. The replacement pair worked for about two weeks but the left earbud just stopped working again. Same issue. Called the Service number....no response. Recording said they were in training mode. Jumped through all the hoops again trying to get them to work per the instructions.  Nothing worked. Pity. I expected more. But perhaps this explains the rebranding of this Anker product with the ZOLO name.
As I expected! Very good product! :)
The sound is great for music and call quality is great.
Perfect !!!!
I have problems with headphones staying in my ear and fitting comfortably.  These are amazing and well worth the money!
***** After receiving their latest version issues 1, 2 and 3 have been addressed. It great to see a company listen to its users. Customer support has been superb and very responsive with follow ups. Credit is given where credit is due.. Great job Anker ***** I would love to give this product a 5 stars but few think kept me from doing so. 1 - First set received left bud stopped working ( Great customer service on exchange ) 2 - Not being able to charge buds with Gripfit Jackets on is a design flaw (come on QA team) 3 - Left bud keeps going in and out ( not sure if this is a Bluetooth issue in general as it happens on 2 of my liberty + as well) 4 - This is personal preference but i would have preferred to sacrifice a little battery life to have them be a bit lighter. Without the Gripfit jackets on you cannot workout with them (due to weight of larger battery) Anker, i love your products and have been buying them for many years but this is a fail in my opinion.
Im not an audiophile, so I want to make that disclaimer before I continue the review. However, I am a voice teacher and classical singer, and I LOVE the sound these produce on classical music. The sound is crystal clear and well-balanced, and when I listen to something (classical or not) with a lot of bass, I am pleased by how clear and full that end of the spectrum is. It took me a bit to figure out what ear piece worked for me, but now that I found the right fit, they are super comfortable and secure, and I rarely deal with any degree of discomfort when wearing for long periods of time. They also provide great call clarity. I notice with both calls and music, it tends to cut out/glitch after you connect to a new music/media source, but then it poses no issues once it does that. The battery life is great, simply put. If you have issues with not connecting once in the charging case, you may need to either adjust the jacket on the earpiece, or plug in the case for about a minute, then unplug it. I was having issues and once I plugged in the case and unplugged, they have charged just fine whether or not the case is plugged in. I LOVE these. Best audio purchase Ive made in a while.
These are not only more comfortable, the battery life is day-long, and quality of the sound is outstanding.
Pros- I use these daily. Compared to the first model earphones: -Battery life is fantastic -Sound quality is even better (not the BEST, but 4 stars) -Comfortable as all get-out (perfect for those with sensitive ears) -Upgraded to stronger magnets in the charge case that hold the headphones in place -Bluetooth 5.0, after pairing, is nearly instant audio -40 feet from my phone is no problem -Pairing capability to two devices at the same time The right headphone can be used independently for single ear use, and the standard equipped gel inserts (comes with different sizes in the box for different ear shapes) are almost completely noise canceling. These things are worth every penny. Bought a set for my sister, who at 35yrs old, now owns her first set of headphones that dont kill her ears. Worn them through the full 8+hrs battery with no complaints. Dont pass these up. Buy them. Cons- Use them alot in the first week to double check the left side headphone. My first set had serious low-volume issues after that time, but the replacement process was extremely hassle-free and now they operate perfectly. Overall, a fantastic purchase and would reccomend to anyone.
These sound decent but the battery life is incredible. Also fits and stays in the ear really well while working out.
Decent
I am very choosy about ear buds and have tried many different styles and brands.  These are just terrific.  The battery life is the best I have seen in this style of ear bud and the sound quality and comfort are very good for the price.  A few minor hassles - I have had to periodically repair them between the 2 ear buds and the battery case is a bit on the bigger side and the ear buds themselves are a bit larger than some.  But for the money they just cant be beat.  Good build quality.  I highly recommend this product.
These are easy to use right out of the box. They paired first time and have worked flawlessly since. Sound is awesome for the price. Nice bass excellent mid and high range, cant say enough about the sound.
Why do so many of these things use micro usb?
A few minor cons - 1. Maybe the seal is too light (Im using the smallest tips and ear hooks), but even at the lowest volume level, its still a bit too loud for home/office use. 2. I wish there was a white version. 3. 5-hour battery life is great (though I have not tested it out), but I dont need 48 hour backup battery. The case could be a little smaller.
Ive been using these for a couple of weeks now, and Im glad I got them! Id gotten a pair about a month before that advertised the same battery life (8 hrs per charge/100 hours with the case), and they didnt live up to that promise. While I havent watched for the amount of time between charges, these havent died while I was using them yet. The sound quality is also quite good, and while Im no audiophile, I have no complaints. They also stay in place well enough that I havent had to adjust the earbuds from the ones that came on them out of the box. No complaints here! Theyre also quite comfortable. I may send an update after a few more weeks when I get the chance to use the battery without charging for closer to the advertised 8 hours.
Ok, so originally I wanted the bose SoundSport wireless as I own a lot of bose products and I am never disappointed with their performance. After reading their reviews on amazon which 50% were terrible I knew I had to come up with an alternative so I started looking. These Zolos were good priced and had pretty good reviews on them so for $100.00 bucks Id take a chance. I am so glad I did, first thing is their packaging is first class! they fit in my ears pretty good except the left one isnt as comfortable but I wont blame that on the product. Music quality is very good, not great, but its better than most wired ear buds for under $100.00 call quality is good. At first I didnt think the volume was loud enough but because of the seal on the ear buds the quality of the music and calls is very good. I only experienced left side drop out once then I reset and havent had any trouble at all. I use these on my Harley and even at 70 mph and 3/4 volume I still get great sounds from the music! bottom line if you are looking for affordable ear buds and your not a music snob like I am  you will appreciate these buds. There is plenty of bass and highs to go around, buy these and be pleasantly surprised.
I have the Zolo libery Plus and while I thought the sound and battery was okay I could never get the fit right. I tried many combinations but they just wouldnt stay. I ultimately concluded that the tab that sat on top didnt make contact in my upper ear and there wasnt an extra point of contact. The new version has a noticeably larger loop that keeps them in. I wore them for a 2 mile mountain bike ride over rough terrain and they never fell out. Bass is good, for what they are, they wont produce what an over ear open back headphone can and theyre not designed to. The improved battery life is nice and the 100 hour upgrade in the case makes them go forever without thinking about plugging them in.
Battery life on these buds is great, I have used them for two weeks now and have yet to have to recharge the case. Sound is clear and bass is good but not exceptional. The fit of the buds is well done also and you have the ability to change them to fit.
I love these Zolos. These are my second totally wireless earpiece, the first ones broke down twice and I decided to upgrade to these. The sound fit and quality is well worth the price. the other ear pieces, I needed an equalizer to get good sound. The Zolos need nothing. From classical music, to jazz, to Bruce Springsteen, all types of music sound incredible. The 8 hour playtime and 100 hour reserve with the case is just an added bonus. For any price, these cant be beat
I bought these because I wanted to try some true wireless headphones, but I was not ready to spend over $100 and I have had a good run with Anker headphones.  They are good, they fit well and stay in my ear, the controls are easy to use once I read the manual.  The sound quality is above acceptable - they do not have the bass and detail of the Bose SoundSport - but good enough.  They also work well for calls.
I wanted to get the Galaxy buds but couldnt justify the cost.  I got these for $70 when they were on special.  I have to say, they are awesome.  The quality is oustanding, the sound is pure with good base and they fit nicely in my ears.  I have small ears so I was worried the would not fit.  No issues for me.
04/27/2019 update It has been a couple weeks now and they are still going strong I really enjoy using them. / Oringinal: I have had this product for 4 days and so far I love it. The sound quality is very good. They stay in my ears. The battery life is what I have been waiting for in this type of product. Minor nit picks would have been nice to be adjust the volume on the buds. And the seal is tight and sometimes when working out the pressure in my ears throws the sound off. That last part Im not sure if its just me or the product. Over all they are great. I have fairly large earholes so Im not sure how well they would fit for someone with a smaller ear canal. This is a good buy in my opinion. Also I dont use the ear fins they where uncomfortable.
Update: Ive been using these headphones everyday for over a month now, doing everything from weightlifting and intensive hiit cardio circuits, to meditating and walking around. No issues with connectivity that I have experienced so far - they pair to my phone instantly and have yet to drop the connection once. They stay in place very well, though I do sometimes have to readjust if Im doing exercises with quick movements. Generally I just lose the seal of the buds, and a quick push/twist and theyre good to go. Battery life has been amazing - I listen to music at up to 50% volume, and the lowest Ive seen the battery drop is 60% after hours of use. I havent tested this exactly, but I dont feel that there is a need to, which is impressive. Ive owned lots of wireless headphones, and these are the first where I dont have to worry about battery life. That reminds me - I think Ive charged the case twice. The only improvements I can think of would be to have capacitive controls (button presses can be fairly loud since the tips create a seal in the ear canal), aptx low latency (sometimes there is a delay watching videos, something that nearly all Bluetooth headphones experience), and volume controls. Hopefully these will be included in the next version, as there are other companies that have started selling true wireless headphones with these features. Original review: I received these headphones as a replacement for a faulty pair Id purchased from Anker, where I experienced a hissing sound whenever music was playing. So far, these are great! I havent noticed any issues other than a couple of occasions where sound would cut out from the left ear bud for a second. Sound quality is far above what I expected. I have my phone set to use the AAC codec, and have Bluetooth optimized for streaming quality in developer settings on Android. I almost exclusively use Spotify on my phone, which means that whatever song is playing must be re-encoded by my phone before it can be sent via Bluetooth. Even with this additional step, music sounds great - granted, Im not using these for analytical listening, but who is? I have noticed some sibilance on certain songs, but other than that, these are fairly well balanced. Regarding the fit, these are some of the most comfortable in ear headphones Ive owned. Despite their large size, they fit comfortably and I cannot tell that theyre in. With the winged jackets, they stay put just fine. Ive whipped my head a few times with them in, and they didnt budge. Its very easy to get a proper seal with these, and when you do, the sound isolation is excellent. The call quality is great, too. Ive tested it myself, and I can hear myself just as well as I do on my phones microphone. It seems like this is a hit or miss issue with many true wireless headphones, but I havent experienced that with these. I read in another review about someone complaining that they dont charge with the tipped jackets on. If, like the capable and logical person you are, you will read the manual which explains that to charge, the tipped jackets must be removed. So, I do not understand that complaint when its detailed in the very documentation that comes with it. However, I use the medium-sized jackets and I have never once had an issue with charging. In fact, I havent taken them off since I put them on. Ill continue to update my review as I use the headphones.
On the second day I wanted to use it, only the right was heard, not the left. I did the pairing routine again, several times and the left earphone never worked again. It lasted only one day, but ... it resurrected. I sent a query to the provider. They answered me with instructions for the reset, which were different from the ones that accompany the brochure that comes with the product. Following those instructions, it started to work properly. A good product A good service. The explanatory brochure is not good.
I had the liberty plus. I bought these for significant increase in battery power. 8 hours of playtime and 100 hours is amazing. Sound is good and it connects instantly.
The battery life is amazing. I use them every morning before work for an hour and I havent charged them in about two weeks.
Great sound. Nice tight seal even without the extra rubber sleeve. Feels a bit like using a plunger on my ear when I push the buttons, but I got used to it. Blocks all office noise when I need to work without distractions.
Been looking for wireless headphone for jogging and working out. Zolo fits great and doesnt fall out. Good volume and connection.
Not what so expected returning the item need a smaller ear piece
I like it. It fits well on your ear. Is worth every penny
Long battery life and great service
Takes some fumbling to get them in and out of the case but they work pretty well. Know that if you want to use then with more than one device, you have to unpair them each time you change, and re- pair them to the next device. They dont stay in my ear very well but its an issue I have with most earbuds.
Decent sound, great battery life. Phone conversations seems the people you are talking to have some issues hearing if there is back ground noise.  Able to use one headphone alone which is nice if you need to keep an ear open for something.
Got these from Anker after trying a different pair and not liking it. They sent me these to see if they were better and these are certainly better than the previous pair i got from them. The connection is certainly not a problem unlike their lower end wireless earbud. In terms of sound and noise cancellation, they are pretty decent but nothing amazing. Certainly the price tag isnt high so I do not expect amazing audio and noise cancellation. I will say that the fitting is slightly weird for me and I hear some distortion when I take public transportation when I use these. The battery life is amazing of course with this big case and earbud but I wish that they will go for something more minimalistic for their new earbuds.
UPDATE 04/15/2019: Anker reached out to me, and their doing that earns them another star flat out.  Paying attention to reviews and reacting is a sign of real customer service and shows that even if they dont have a direct answer to the problem that they care. They confirmed for me that I wasnt just missing something and the seamless pairing between multiple devices does NOT exist in this iteration of the headphones, but theyre taking the feedback to their product management team.  To be crystal clear, you can simultaneously have these headphones paired to multiple devices, but you cant have them ACTIVE with multiple devices at one time.  Hopefully, though that makes its way into the headphones in a future release as that would make them much more user friendly. They also provided some additional reset instructions that overcame the issue I was having with the left bud not realizing the call was answered when the right ear did.  The buds now receive calls perfectly with no additional issues Ive found. The more I use these headphones the more I like the sound and the fit as well.  Ive had zero comfort issues with them using the default ear gel and I paired them to my Galaxy Tab A to watch a movie, and the sound was really good.  I had to turn the volume down from where it was with my wired headphones and my old LG Bluetooth unit, so plus on that. ORIGINAL REVIEW: Let me first say the lack of stars isnt directly related to the product, but to the Prime designation failing.  I pay for 2 day delivery, not 5.  I pay for Prime, I expect Prime delivery when the icon is on the product, which it was in this case.  I ordered on a Thursday, it showed in stock, I should have had this at the latest on Saturday.  I did not.  I dont pay for Prime with Asterisks.  If you cant do 2 day, dont put the Prime logo on the item, its really that simple.  Dont try to caveat it with well, its 2 days from when we decide to process the order and send the carrier pigeons to our warehouse and have the trained goldfish pull the product form the shelf and give it to the postman.  Prime means, universally, 2 days after I part with my money, I have a nice box on my porch with the item I bought in it.  Period.  This is increasingly the experience, and Ive decided to dock at least 1 star from any product that advertises Prime and does not deliver within the 2 days Im paying for. Now, to the product itself. Ive had a lot of Bluetooth headsets over the years.  I am on my phone for work a lot, and after an experiment of going back to a hardwired headset and remembering why I hate that when Im going through airports with luggage and food and people who dont know how to walk through crowded areas, I decided to deal with looking like a techno dweeb and go back to Bluetooth.  I had seen this headsets previous iteration and since there was a great daily deal on it, I decided to experiment with a fully wireless headset.  While not a complete failure, there are issues with the experiment thus far, but nothing that has made me immediately return the product (though that may change). I have smaller ear canals, so I was worried about the fit, as it is routinely a challenge with headsets for me.  This has worked out well with the default ear sock on the tip and the unit fits comfortably in my ear; they are snug but not uncomfortable, and despite the fact the units both felt heavy when I removed them from the case, they are balanced really well, and I havent noticed any ear fatigue as of yet.  I can see people with larger ears having difficulties with the default ear piece, but there are several options included with the unit for different wearing styles, more than Ive seen with a headset in a long time.  I was pleasantly surprised by how well they balance in my ears.  The buds are bulky, and while maybe not Lt. Uhura obnoxious with how they stick out, I was concerned that bulk might create a strange balance.  So far, so good. The audio quality is fine.  Im no audiophile, so I dont know what I might be missing, but there is adequate bass for my listening pleasure, and even with one bud in things are crisp and sound good.  While these arent sound isolation headphones, the fit of the ear bud is tight enough that ambient noise was dramatically lessened.  At max volume, they are quite loud to my ears but dont distort much, though I did notice a little on upper ranges. The one major failure that I missed in pre-purchase evaluation is a complete lack of A2DP, so you cannot pair and operate this with multiple phones at one time.  It may cause me to return the headset, but Im going to see if I can live with it in this state given the performance Ive had so far and the price.  If youre expecting A2DP, since a majority of headsets now support it, you will be sorely disappointed in this unit.  The Liberty+ also seems to be missing A2DP even though it supports BT 5.0 (where Liberty supports 4.2).  You can pair the headset to multiple phones, but you have to manually flip between them.  So what that means is if youre on your personal phone, you have to go turn off BT, put the headset back in the case, make sure BT is enabled on your work phone, remove the buds from the case, and they should find the work phone automatically.  Now, besides being overly complex and unnecessarily motion driven in the age of A2DP, that additionally stinks because I also wear a Samsung Galaxy Frontier watch, paired to my personal phone, which means if I forget to turn BT back on Im not going to get my notifications on my wrist.  Thats why A2DP is so awesome and a major miss for this headset.  I think I expected more out of Anker given my experiences with some of their other products, and thats why I missed it in my initial research. One bit of weirdness I experienced with calls is sometimes the left ear wouldnt realize the call was answered from the right ear, so after I answered, my left ear was still ringing.  Not sure if this is a common problem with two-node fully wireless headsets, but it was kind of disconcerting. Pairing was simple.  No buttons, waiting for lights to turn red to blue or anything like that.  Charge it in the case after you get it, turn on BT on your phone, make sure it is looking for devices and Zolo Liberty just shows up after you take it out of the case. The case is sturdy, the magnetic clasp seems to be strong and built to stand up against being thrown into a bag for toting around.  Like all things, time will tell on its durability, obviously. Charging was quite fast.  It came with what the case showed to be a single dot of charge which the manual claims is about 30%, and in about 40 minutes was a full 3 dots.  Ive not used the headset enough to put battery life to a complete test, but if I see dramatically less than the claimed 3.5 hours of audio listening Ill update the review.  I regularly have calls that could chew through that kind of battery life so Im hoping it holds up to the claim. The manual is relatively sparse given the simplicity of the product.  I wish they had maybe focused on readability at the cost of every language spoken on the earth.  The visual instructions are kind of small and use a yellow that is not high contrast enough against the high gloss paper it is printed on, and the printed verbiage is a rather small font that is difficult to read, so I went to the website to look at the PDF and understand the button press sequences.
Heres the 20 second version. These are excellent! Though it took a little tweaking for me to get to a high quality of sound which seems to be very dependent on their position and fit in your ears. Getting there took a little experimenting, but once I got it right, I was rewarded with great listening experience. This includes a three dimensional sound stage with very precise response that will allow you to isolate just about all of the instruments on any given song. They very comfortable and battery life is amazing. Main drawbacks for me include inability to mute the mic when on a call using earbud buttons. Also low end bass could be a bit better. Wider range of silicon caps would be helpful. If Anker fixes these nits, then these are easily 5 stars every day. Sound Quality: Based on the mixed reviews found in just about every popular wireless earbud set in the sub-$100 range, I purposely kept my expectations low. Plus having just tested a pair of the highly acclaimed Tozo T-10s, it seems either those reviewers have a different perception of what "good" sounds like, or the reviews are not entirely forthcoming. In light of that poor experience, I immediately put these to the test, trying all different types of music genres spanning my listening tastes. Right away I found that slight adjustment to the position of the Libertys in my ear made a big difference between sound that was great and sound that was mediocre. This was based on both the depth they were pressed into my ear as well as the extent they were rotated forward/backward in my ear. The latter greatly affected the high range of sound but was fortunately easy to adjust as I just rotated them until I finally found a postion that provided the best sound. The depth into my ear had a noticeable affect on the bass response. The design of the buds (short shaft that inserts into your ear canal along with the width of the silicon caps) doesnt allow them to get too deep into the ear. Pushing and holding them deeper into the ear increased the level of bass, pressing them too far in and things became distorted. Obivously pushing and holding them with my hands was clearly not an option. All of the silicon caps that came with the Libertys were too wide for my ear canals, so I pulled out some silcon caps from an old wired set that were not as wide and fit me better. That made a big improvement in bass resposne. Regardless of the caps, it would be nice to have a bit more bass come from these but they were very acceptable. Call Quality: Ive made a number of phone calls under varying conditions with these. When theres little or no background noise, my voice quality was very good (so I am told) where even a soft spoken level came through pretty clearly to the person on the other end. A moderate level of ambient noise such as road noise while driving with windows partially open, and the voice quality is decent, though you do need to talk at a moderate volume so as to overpower the ambient noise. On a busy city street or in a crowded room, youre either going to have to talk louder than you normally would or find some place more quiet for your conversation due to the mic picking up a lot of the background noise. However, even in the most noisy environment, I had no problem hearing the other party in my conversation which came thru clearly on the speakers. Funtionality: All of the functionality including integration with Google Assistant is there. The only thing that would really help is having a sequence of button presses that could mute and unmute the mic when on calls. Unfortunately, you have do this on the phone. Volume up and down also has to be done thru the phone, but thats easy to live with since I dont change the volume that often. Battery: Wow! 8 hour play time is no lie. I easily got that and then some at moderate level volume. I cant attest to the charging case capacity as Ive recharge the earbuds twice and still have all three indicator lights lit on the case. The batteries are amazing. Connectivity: They auto connect to my phone (Galaxy S7) only half of time. The other half, I have to manually select the earbuds from the phone bluetooth menu. Not sure what thats all about. But once connected, they dont miss a beat. Never had either one cut out or get unsynced. Comfort: These are super light weight and very comfortable. Two hours of continous listening and no discomfort or fatigue. Well done! Overall: These are easily worth the price, and even better when you can find them discounted. The sound quality, battery and functionality outweighs the few drawbacks. Four and half stars.
*** Update *** The company reached out and asked me to give these another chance. I ordered a new pair and they have been working great! Zolo customer support even followed-up with me a few times to make sure I was happy with the ear buds. I’m glad to say I’ve been using them daily now for about a month and the charge holds, sound is good, and conversations are clear. ***Old review*** These would be great... if they worked for more than a few weeks. Now the buds are dropping connection, don’t seem to hold a good charge, and the voice quality is bad. Going to return them.
They fit well in your ears and have great sound
Some issues with back ground noise. Had some trouble getting yhem to charge in the beginning but working great now. They allow u to hear you’re conversation and what’s going on around you. Great sound. Easy to use. Sleek looking.
I bought two pair, one for my wife and one for myself. She loves the ease of use. I had the Galaxy buds (older models) and they had to sense being in your ear to work. These dont and that is the best part about these. My only negative is pushing the button while its in your ear is uncomfortable. It doesnt require much force, but theyre already secure and snug. Personally, I use my phone for control so it doesnt bother me. Sounds great, battery is impressive so far and I cant overstate the ease. Put them in your ears and listen.
UPDATE 4/8/2019: Came back from a trip in which I was constantly using the upgraded ZOLO Liberty. Still extremely satisfied with my purchase. - Battery life: 8-hour battery life is a tremendous benefit. I very rarely bothered to charge the buds during the day, and simply waited until I got back to my place at night. - Connectivity: I have never had either bud lose connection with my phone. Very infrequently (once every few days?) the left bud goes silent for a second then automatically plays again. Not enough to concern me, but Ill update if this continues. - Build quality: I did a 7.2km hike, with the latter half in pouring rain. The buds definitely got wet from rain and sweat, and 2 weeks later I still havent been able to notice any ill effects. ------------------------------- ORIGINAL REVIEW 3/14/2019: 3 days in and after heavy usage Im still extremely satisfied with the upgraded ZOLO Liberty. Ill continue to update this review every few months or so, especially after an overseas trip where I plan on doing a lot of walking and hiking, potentially in the rain or similar inclement weather. I use my headset extensively for: 1) A (not so) awesome 4 hour daily commute to and from work 2) Running a few miles 2 or 3 times a week CONCLUSION: Buy this immediately. 10/10 for me so far. PRO 1) Setup: It was a snap. Charging the case took a long time due to the enormous battery size (definitely a plus), but connecting to my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge was seamless. 2) Connectivity: Ive never experienced any syncing or lag issues during playback. Connecting to the earbuds is immediate after I take them out of the case or power them on. 3) Sound quality: Both for music, video, and calls, its excellent. My ears are admittedly not very refined, but the sound seems to have a deep bass and rich flavor to it. 4) Battery life: The buds 8-hour battery seems to be accurate. I had no need to charge them throughout the day, so I just leave the case at home now. HUGE bonus for me. My 14-hour international flight will also allow me to fully test battery life. 5) Comfort: They sit very comfortably in my ear. Obviously this will differ from person to person, but Ive never felt like theyre going to fall out, even during my 2-mile runs. CON 1) GripFit jackets: I cant really tell what the extra plastic nub at the top of the extra jackets are for. They dont seem to provide any extra security by preventing the buds from falling out. I just stuck with the original jacket. 2) Volume: The earbuds are pretty loud by default (which is normally a good thing). But even at the lowest volume the music is still louder than Id prefer. Its not enough to deafen me by any means, but annoying. 3) Volume Controls: To that end, the lack of onboard controls is very noticeable. 4) Outside Noise: The volume issue above combined with the very good suction on the EarTips means I hear very little outside noise. If someone is next to me speaking directly at me, I can only hear them if I mute or remove the earbuds. The Liberty+ comes with Transparency Technology (which allows in outside noise), so if youre not particularly observant when wearing your earbuds, keep this in mind.
These have been great! Really easy to connect with any device, including phone, computer or a smart watch. The sound is crisp and bass is surprisingly good for ear buds. The buttons on the buds to control music are fine...they work, but arent quite as intuitive as they could be. It is very easy to customize how they fit into any ear, there are tons of options! And any combination fits into the charging case easily, even when covers with fins are added. The battery life has been very good. They have yet to die on me, and I have only had to charge the case once in two weeks. I mentioned that they are easy to connect to a smart watch, that is true. However, I have had trouble playing music from my watch to the headphones. Not sure if that is an issue with the ear buds, or the watch. These have been a great value! Not as much as the high end products, but way better than anything cheap.
These are definitely some of the best wireless headphones I have ever had, the noise cancellation is amazing, the sound quality is awesome and I love how quickly it pairs. That being said Ive been having a few issues my zolos. a few days ago I was listening to my music and all of a sudden the sound in the left earbud just stopped, it literally took me like 8 hours to get it reconnected I tried putting the earbuds in their case and taking them back out, restarting them, reconnecting them, restarting my phone, everything on the Zolo website, everything on the instruction manual, I even looked it up on google and saw that others had the same problem. for some reason it just didnt reconnect until about eight hours later when it randomly reconnected out of nowhere. Since then I havent had the problem, but that definitely had me worried, because I hadnt even had them that long and they hadnt been exposed to moisture or anything. Besides that, they are a little big, aesthetically as well as just in your ears the fit kind of hurts at first. But Ive gotten used to them, overall though definitely would recommend for the amazing sound and connectivity capabilities.
I bought these from Walmart a couple days ago. Did not know these existed at all. Anker making headphones? Really did not expect that. On a more serious note, I used these quite often these couple of days and would like to mention that it for a bluetooth earbud it is rather good. The battery lasts long enough for each of my sessions (4-5 hours). The fit is rather good, I forget that I have them on after an hour of using them. It might be my ears but they are comfortable. Sound: It is a rather balanced sound though I would like better vocals. Nothing an EQ cant fix but Im rating its base sound. Overall a quality product. Anker makes great products so if you want something that lasts, then these are an excellent choice.
10:10
Gave the battery 4 stars only because I just got them and started using them...  The lock in ear fit is perfect for me and lots of options to make it work for you.  Love the fit and finish of the buds and the charging case.  The yellow cable is nice to help me keep it separate from all my other cables.  Call quality is excellent, no complaints from anyone so far.  And they are very comfortable to wear for extended periods.  My ears wiggle when I talk and these stay in place and dont bother me during a conference call. Edit after a couple of months:  The sleeves come off every time I take them out of my ears...  Just annoying.  Had to send them back once because they stopped syncing and the left bud just stopped working.  Just had the same problem, but the arduous process to make them resync worked this time.  I guess I will have to occasionally do this...  On the upside, customer support is very polite and helpful.
No wires, fit nicely in ears. Small case to carry with.
I have tried many different Bluetooth headphones both wired and wireless.  Ive had Beats x, Apple Air Pods, Jabra 65T, Jabra 45e, LG Tone Pro, Samsung Level U, JLab Epic, and probably a few more.  While I know these are the newest earbuds Ive purchased and technology has improved, these are my new favorites.  I got these today and I am 4 hours into listening (at just under 50% volume) to them and their battery is still showing 70%.  Nobody does batteries like Anker.  This is great!!! I can finally get a whole uninterrupted workday of listening in without worrying about battery.  These earbuds sound great, plenty loud.  The treble and bass are realistically balanced without being too sharp or droning.  They are super comfortable so far, Im wearing them straight out of the box, and they fit me great.  I will probably play around with the jackets and different eartips tomorrow, but they fit and sound great right now, so this might be the best combo already.  Over the next few days, I will be wearing these daily, listening to different music, podcasts, and testing the call quality. I will update this review, so stay tuned.  So far so good.  Anker/Zolo Good job on these! UPDATE: Second day with my Zolo Liberty earbuds. Still love the battery life and how the buds sound and fit.  I am returning them due to a glitch I found.  While wearing the buds I found that if I raise or lower the volume quickly on my iPhone 8 the buds will glitch out, sometimes losing the sound in the left or right bud, and sometimes the buds will crash and restart.  This is the only thing I’ve found wrong with them.  Maybe I got a bad set, maybe Anker will somehow fix this in a software update.  They make solid products and I am still a big fan. Anker Direct reached out to me, asking about the issues I had and offered to send out another pair of buds, so I could give them another try.  The new buds came a few days later. I charged them up, paired them, and put them in. I instantly fell in love again. The sound is amazing. I’d been listening through my Jabra 65t’s the last week and have been missing the fullness in sound I get from the new Zolo Liberty’s.  I tried to make the new buds glitch like the last pair and after really trying, I was apple to make the sound in the left bud cut out for a fraction of a second, then the beautiful sound came right back.  Much, much better than my last pair.  Anker, you did it. You made a pair of long lasting earbuds that sound awesome. Thank you!!!  And thanks for caring about the customer and standing behind your product.
Great sound only downfall i have is jacket material to thin easy to rip while putting on. To a while to get correct fit first time using earbuds like this.
I received the items same day as the day I ordered. Fully charged the unit, pairing was easy. The sound quality is incredible. The Bass, Mid and High are very balance. Sound is better than my daughter airpods. They fit snuggly and comfortably. I will add more on my review as soon as I have use them more and more. I tested with just the right side earbud to talk on the phone and it sounds very clear both ways. I discovered, these buds have paring issue with my iPhone XS Max after removing them from the case. I have to put the right earbud back to the case. Not a big deal but annoying because it happen a few times. I reduced one star because of this issue.
So far I am quite impressed. Ill update if anything goes amiss, but these have lasted multiple workouts without recharging. Compared to the 2 other truly wireless earbuds Ive owned, they sound much better,  and Ive yet to experience any discomfort when wearing them 1-2 hours at a time during workouts. Ive also been able to wander around my workplace while leaving my cellphone in the office, range is much much much better (hard to overstate this) than previous BT iterations, if you have a bt5 enabled device.
I had issues with the initial launch version of the Zolo Liberties.  This time around has  been a pleasant surprise.  Bluetooth quality and battery have been greatly upgraded.  I havent had the major drops and cutouts the first set had.  They didnt really fix the sound, which is still rather bland.  However for daily driver buds these more than fit the trick.  They have great battery, good call quality, and are comfy.  Happy with my purchase so far this time around.
Im on my fifth pair not because of anything was wrong with them. Ive lost three 4.3 bluetooth right earbuds one being the liberty plus and one right 5.0 bluetooth. Im a contractor and can not afford to look at my phone every text and call I receive. I honestly have four lefts and charging cases of anyone is in need. I think after buying five sets you get the idea what a great product these are.
This was the type of wireless headphones I was waiting for! Typically headphones like these have a 3-5 hour battery life but these hold a charge for at least 8 hours and the charging case will give it an extra 100 hours. These are definitely the best value true wireless you can get right now.
I’ve had these earbuds for about one month now and i’m truly satisfied with it. Great for working out, won’t slip out of your ears at all. Very practical and everything can be controlled by the earbuds. Battery lasts for a while. It’s a great investment
Everything is great bout these wireless earbuds..loud....bass is great...Crystal clear calls and music..he said if your around alot of people or in a busy area basically dont expect to be able to hear...who expects that with anything?...it loud ..theres only so much noise that can be filtered ..these are well worth the money you will love these...would give them.more than 5 stars if I could..he said its inconvenient cause they have to be pushed to pause or talk instead of just touch sensor..really its that serious..youre that lazy..these are the best wireless earbuds I own and I have about 5 different pair..but after these I will no longer be buying anymore..game over with these...buy and you wont be disappointed
I love it.
I did not buy these from Amazon but from Wal-Mart. Please note that these support Bluetooth 5.0 unlike the previous version that supports Bluetooth 4.2 protocol, among other enhancements such as battery life and battery case capacity, which is solid. 1) Sound Quality: On par with comparable wire-free earphones such as Apple AirPods, Anker Liberty Air, and Jabra Elite Sport 65T 2) Functionality: Bluetooth connection is solid. If you have issues with one earbud not playing, just fully factory reset it and re-pair. I only experienced it once in last few weeks and I was experimenting something so I am giving these the benefit of the doubt. Solid connectivity with no imbalance issue. Most other earphones have nailed this feature. I have constantly experienced imbalance issue with Jabra Elite Sport 65T though. Buttons / controls are fixed which is a bummer for Zolo, but it is what it is. Apple AirPods clearly win in this department with tap controls. Anker Liberty Air have tap controls too but they are not as "magical" as AirPods. Zolo lost half a star here because the button press shove the earphones into the ear canal further. 3) Battery Life: 5-6 hours on loud volume, 6-7 hours on 50% volume on a single charge. 4) Fit and comfort: I have big ear-holes and most earphones either do not fit me or I need large tips or some sort of a hack to keep them in. AirPods fall out right away. Anker Liberty Air stay in with sugru hack (read up on it), Jabra Elite Sport stay in fine, but I have found that Zolo Liberty stay in the best forming a great seal with supplied earbuds. This exceeded my expectations so I am going to grant half a star that I took away earlier. 5) Call Quality: As with most bluetooth earphones that do not have a boom microphone, the call quality (microphone) on these is below average at best. You can get away with a quick call but if you are in a noisy environment (especially in a gym or loud office), the microphone is pretty much useless unless you are talking over the noise (meaning speaking louder than your social status may be looked upon as). Jabra Elite Sport 65T offers better microphone quality than most other wire-free earphones just FYI. Zolo lost a star here. Overall, a solid 4/5 contender for Apple AirPods if you are not a fan of slippery plastic AirPods and can live without tap-controls that cannot be changed. And they are often found at $80 (January 2019) in stores/Amazon. Just make sure you are picking out the latest version thats Bluetooth 5.0.
When I saw these buds had a total run time of 100 hrs with the case. I jumped on it. I have many Anker products (speakers, batteries, cables, chargers) and they have all met or exceeded my expectations. This is why I hesitate to write this review. Lets start off with the PROs. The packaging was pretty nice. A hard cardboard box with a magnetic lid, fancy. The buds and accessories were securely packed inside, along with the manuals, extra buds/wings of varying size, and a nice braided micro USB cable. Per their instructions I charged up the buds and case before use (took about 3 hours to charge the case). When you remove the buds from the case for the first time, they go into pairing mode. I few swipes on my phone (Galaxy S9+ with Android Pie) settings and I was connected. Now, each time you take the buds out of the case, they reconnect automatically. I wore the buds for about 2.5 hours while shoving snow. I had ear muffs over them with a beanie over the muffs, so the buds were being pressed into my ears. After 2.5 hours, I didnt really experience any pain or discomfort. The sound was quite impressive. The volume got pretty loud with minimal distortion. The bass was surprisingly good. I listened to a podcast and the audio sounded good when the audio was all talk. I went for a brief (43 mins) jog on the treadmill and the buds didnt fall out. I could feel the right one loosening during my run but this happens with all my buds. The buds seals into your ear canal which adds to the sound quality and does a good job of filtering out the surrounding noise, in my case, I could not hear the sound of the treadmill. You can only use the right bud independently while the left bud is charging because the right bud is the master bud and the left pairs to the right. This is in contrast to my Samsung Icon buds where both boths pairs to my phone and I can use them both independently while the other charges. The battery case was smaller than I expected, which is great. The lid is held closed by a magnet. My favorite part is how the buds are pulled and aligned into their charging position by magnets. All you have to do is get the buds somewhat in the right position before dropping them in and they just roll into place. Kinda reminds me of the scene in Jumanji when the game pieces rolled onto the board game... Magic! So why am I scoring the buds so low? I was only able to connect the buds for media audio, no phone calls. I tried unpairing and re-pairing. I rebooted my phone and re-paired. I even reset the buds and repeated everything (6 times), still no phone call option. In my phones Bluetooth settings for the Zolo buds, there is an option for phone calls but when I toggle it, it does nothing. I downloaded the Zolo Liberty app and the app doesnt connect to the buds (Anker customer service said that app doesnt work with these upgraded buds). Another problem Im experiencing is I cant initiate the voice assistant with the double tap option. Also, in their Amazon description, it mentions "Pass Through Sound", I assume this is similar to Samsungs ambient sound where you can hear your surroundings. A great feature when youre running outdoors, unfortunately, I have no idea how to turn this feature on with the Zolos. I assumed thats what the app was for but if the app is not compatible, what am I supposed to do? Frustrated, I call Ankers help line and spoke to a rep. She immediately tells me, she will try to help but shes not very familiar with the Samsung S9+. Huh? I cant imagine Android is not the most popular platform for their products. After I told her all the troubleshooting Ive done, she immediately tells me, "Call Samsung, its not our buds". Im not sure how she concluded that. I even told her I own many other Bluetooth headsets and buds (Samsung, Apple, Jabra, and Chinese knockoffs), none of which has these problems. All she could say was, call Samsung. This was my first experience with Anker customer service after years of owning their products, I must say I was shocked at how unhelpful she was. I really like these buds and contacted Anker customer service through Amazon, lets see if they are more helpful. If they cant resolve the phone call issue, I will likely return the buds. [UPDATE 03/17/19] After reaching out to Anker customer service via Amazon. They replaced my buds for free. I paired the new buds with my phone and voila...I have audio and phone calls. Just to double check, I re-paired my original pair of Zolos and the problem of no phone calls still persisted. I guess I received a dud. I am definitely updating my rating because I really like these buds and now that I can actually make phone calls and initiate the voice assistant, I dont have much to complain about...EXCEPT...When I originally purchased these buds, Anker had "pass through sound" listed as a feature but their listing has since been updated to remove this feature. I like being able to hear the ambient sound around me when running outdoors (my Samsung Gear IconX can do this). These buds does a pretty good job of sealing inside your ears blocking out sound, there were multiple instances where I could not hear a vehicle coming behind me. Lowering the music volume helps but it kills my jogging buzz. With this said, these buds are way for comfortable than my Gear IconX and they stay in better than my Airpods, so they will likely be daily buds. Anker definitely stood behind their products and have exceptional customer service (as long as you dont call them, I guess). Here are some quirkiness about these buds that Id like to pass on: 1) When putting your buds back into the case, make sure you put the left one in first. Ive noticed sometimes if put the right one in first, the two buds will go out of sync. So the next time you use them, only the right will have sound. The re-syncing process is simple enough but it does require you do it a few times before the buds will resync. I noticed this with my original and replacement pairs. 2) I really wish Anker would allow me to change what "tap, double tap, and tap/hold" commands do. The tap/hold is defaulted to skipping a track but it can be finicky, if you hold for just slightly more than 2 seconds, that particular bud will power off and possibly cause syncing issuses between the buds. This gets a bit annoying because tapping/holding is kind of a pain to do when youre running, double tapping is quicker. (UPDATE 05/14/19) I started using it on March 7th for about 6-7 hours a week. The battery case finally needed charging today. And to clarify, the battery indicator was blinking so I plugged it in for charging. Theres a possibility it still had juice, but color me impressed with the battery life.
Excellent sound quality..... And Bluetooth 5
Love the 8 hours of battery life and the 100 hours with that case, I take them to work and I dont worry about running out of power for a week, I had to use a different ear tip from another maker so they would stay in place. a bit disappointing as everyone claims they stay in your ears, that was not my experience with the stock tips, over all I am very pleased and use them everyday.
Great headphones! Bought them at Walmart tbh but I wanted to share my experience. The pause and play function is a little glitchy and the left one can’t be used with the right one in the case. Neither of those thing matter though with a battery like this and a great comfort quality. I forget I’m wearing them most of the time until someone tries talking to me because it cancels out the sound. Highly highly recommend
I really like these and they are more convenient than wired earbuds
Nice Hugh end and  looking. large batery capacity charger.  Easy to use
Got them to replace Bragi The Headphone. Honestly, the Bragi sound better but are a quality nightmare. Plus Bragi sold off the hardware division of the company to focus on software, so who knows if theyll even continue to get support. These are AWESOME. They pair quickly, stay connected well, fit great and the battery life is insane. Not sure why some folks have problems charging them with the sleeves on; I drop them in and they pop to the magnets and begin charging immediately. The multi-function button isnt really intuitive but I usually use my phone to pause music or accept calls anyway. The ONLY thing that bugs me is, they dont automatically pause if you take one out of your ear. Thats why theyre not 5 stars for me.
One of the best Bluetooth headphones I’ve used ever.
Great fit and feel in ear. Easy paring. Sound for music is really good but the noise cancelling could be better idk if they are advertised noise cancelling but dont think thats their specialty. What I will say is the feel and sound good whether it be 1 bud in or both. The great thing is the right 1 is the main 1 so u can keep the left bud in the case. You do have to keep the case with u while using which I usually just put it in pocket(I assume its the same for all styles like this). 1 button answer/end calls pause/play songs. 1 charge last me 8hrs with heavy streaming music & podcasts at work. Neat thing is when battery dies you just put buds back in carring case and that acts as a charger then boom fresh battery in like 1.5hrs. Case life lasts over a month so far. I highly recommend these if you are on a budget but dont want to sacrifice quality or sound!!
Best bluetooth earbuds Ive ever used, totally wireless or cable  connected Im a heavy earbud user the battery life sound quality and connection speed are incredible. Using a moto z3 my normal go to earbuds are Rowkins zolo Liberty+and iq Buds.
Awesome! Finally Anker gets it right! I had the two previous versions of true wireless buds that were plagued by numerous charging issues and terrible battery life. Well, let me tell you, if youre on the fence because of bad reviews, most of them are from the first version of the Zolo Liberty. Ive owned all of their offerings and Anker customer service is amazing, best Ive ever witnessed. These new upgraded Zolo Liberty buds have addresses all of my former issues with the old model. PS: The battery life of the upgraded buds and charging pod are INSANE!!! In my experience, at least 3x longer on the buds and probably 6x longer on the charging pod.
I am pretty impressed with the sound quality of these buds. I thought they would have the same features as the Zolo Liberty+, since these were an upgraded version. It would have been nice if these had the app features and hear through. The only upgrade is the battery life. Im not complaining though, these are nearly a perfect set of buds. I dont know if they sound better than my Liberty+, but they do sound good. I think they are worth buying.  I got them on a lightning deal from Amazon. So, I got them cheaper than the $99. There are some that are better than these, which are less than $99, like the Mifo O5s.  All in all, if you are looking for some good sounding buds, try these.
A couple months ago, I bought the Solo liberty and they were really good The sound is clear and loud, without distortion The case is good and the battery last as said, 100 hours But I can say also that the case is not that strong, because even with some minor bump, the case Shows some scratches Recently,for a bump I think, the headphones stop recharging, so I wrote to the costumer service and they IMMEDIATELY fixed my problem The gave me the tools to send them back the headphones, they interested on my status and gave me full support Customer service 11/10 Ill suggest this headphones to everyone
Love the sound quality of these, there is no break up when connected to my phone, especially when its in my pocket. They fit snug in my ears so the noise cancelation works great. I have yet to listen through these longer than a few hours so not quite sure if it will last up 6 to 8 hours or not.
Love these buds. I bought them via the Kickstarter campaign and then bought a second pair of Liberty upgraded ones. When I had a problem with the former, Anker quickly responded and sent me a new pair of Liberty+. When I had a problem with new ones, Anker solved speedily solved my problems. I find these to be a terrific, well-priced pair of very comfortable ear buds.
The price, the fit and the battery life on the ZOLO Liberty is unmatched.  Sound quality is very good, especially for podcasts, phone calls and casual music listening (not audiophile, but hey, look at the price). In canal fit makes them perfect for listening in noisy environment (e.g. mowing the lawn). I had an initial hiccup with pairing but Anker customer service was super responsive and attentive, and the problem was solved in no time. Very happy.
Great product...from design to sound quality. The battery life is amazing.
