As my title suggests, I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY Wanted to Like these! 8 hours of playtime on a Single Charge! 100 hours total with the Charging Case?!?!! But alas, the sound just does not get Loud Enough to be truly Immersive as the advertising states. These earbud truly have a very balanced sound with great Bass, Bass that knows when it is supposed to be there and knows when to balance with the Mids and Highs. I LOVED the sound profile on these. It even had a nice warmness to it. However, when trying to turn them up for music you really want to pump the volume on (Rock, HipHop, Reggae, etc.), they are a good 3 to 5 (at least) iPhone Volume Marks down from what other headphones can put out at Max Volume. I hear you asking and NO, I am not going deaf, or hard of hearing. I tested these against my Sony over the ear headphones, the Lightning-EarPods (Which can get too loud and Muddy/Loose sounding), and a generic Bluetooth wired earbud set. ALL of them were a minimum of 3 to 5 (at least) iPhone Volume Marks LOUDER. Back to these ZOLOs: The hard part is that they were, By Far, the best balanced and sounding of any of the headphones I did a volume check against. They just couldnt hang when you really want to get the music LOUD/PUMPIN/Immersive. The rest of the time they were perfect (music for general listening, videos (very minimal, lag with the iPhone YouTube app. This is a know issue for the iPhone YouTube app with pretty much any wireless listening device.) and I really struggled trying to decide whether to keep or return them... Ultimately though, there are times I really want that loudness, that truly Immersive sound and these are about 3/4  to 4/5 output at Max Volume and thus fall short. I had to return them. :-(
Its was a great product but after awhile the connection started to drop even with Bluetooth 5.0 the sound is really good for the price as well as the battery life but the left bud always loses connection to right so I always have to restore to factory settings I like Anker (parent company of Zolo) I love there braided wires and Battery Banks but when it comes to Bluetooth headsets they need to work on it little more
This is the first anker product Im genuinely disappointed in. I like the charging case, the earbuds fit fine in my ear, sound fine and provide physical sound isolation, but there a major flaw with them that, in my my opinion, makes them a waste of money. I work a few days a month in downtown Chicago and walk from Union Station to a building in the loop, about a half mile walk. When in urban environments, and sometimes just in metra trains, the earbuds constantly cut out. Sometimes its the left one, sometimes its both. Whatever implementation of bluetooth these things are using cannot handle RF reflections that come from close together buildings in an urban environment. I can have my phone in my purse, or I can have it in my hand 3 feet away from my head and the cut outs still occur. It definitely is caused by the buildings because Ive found there are certain places that always give me trouble and then others where they work ok, like the river walk. It appears this is a common problem. In other environments, like sitting at my desk at work, or working out at a gym, they work fine, but one of the main use cases I got them for doesnt work.
Purchased these at Walmart. This is my second pair. The first pair, the volume would drop in the right earbud. I would place them back into the case and then pair them to my phone again, once I did that then the volume was fine. After a week, the volume in both earbuds dropped dramatically and I could not fix it. So I returned them for another pair. The second pair DID THE EXACT SAME THING. So I returned them for my money back. These cost 100 dollars and I would expect them to work. They sound great, fit great. But need to have volume to listen with them. I will not be buying another set of these earbuds. Sucks, because I loved using them. Oh well.
The left earbud stopped working
When these function like they should they do it wonderfully. The problem is the connectivity - its absolutely terrible. They keep disconnecting, having serious sound delay, sometimes just the left ear bud isnt working because the right one connects to your phone and the left one connects to the right one. But, if you can deal with that, these are pretty good - they sit comfortably in your ear, the battery life is great, as is the sound quality.
Overall a solid well performing product with some fundamental usability flaws. Some finessing and these would be awesome. Details below. Pros: Battery life with charging case is superb. I had the Cheaper Anker Curve headset before and battery life with those was just ok. Youd get a battery low notification when you start a walk and there were dead 20 mins later. These you use as needed (for several hours) and then throw them into the case when done. Ive used them almost daily for about 6 weeks and the charging case is still reading 2/3 full! It just removes charging as a concern almost completely which is a huge improvement over other Bluetooth headsets. 4 stars for that feature overall, as use of the grip sleeves can cause some issues with the charging case + contacts. Sound is quite good (Assuming you can get a good seal) - Base is strong and highs are quite good. Midrange is a bit muddy, but gets the job done. Overall, good performers with good fidelity. Id be happy using these every day from that perspective. Cons: Fit is a problem - the left earpiece (for me) feels like it is loose constantly. Ive tried numerous size grip sleeves, twisting when inserting, the whole shebang but I cannot consistently get a satisfactory fit. I havent had one actually fall out yet, but if one loosens sufficiently you can feel it and it really impacts the low end performance. I know everyones ears are different, but Ive had zero issues with other earbuds including the Anker Curve headset. Foam inserts or a larger size silicon tip might help here. Controls are bad - No two ways about it, the control approach here is flawed. Having to push and hold a button to pause, advance or rewind a track doesnt work as you end up pushing the earpiece further into your ear. That isnt very comfortable and given the tenuous fit issues, can be very frustrating when you finally get them sitting right and then have to mess with the positioning to control them. It got to the point where I didnt want to touch them and just use the phone for all music adjustments instead which isnt convenient. I dont think touch controls would work well either until they get the fit issues resolved as youll be changing tracks, pausing, etc,  constantly by mistake. Perhaps side controls might work better? You also cant control volume using the Earbuds, but I found that to be a minor issue as the volume levels are very subtle as opposed to other Anker headsets with volume controls included and you dont need to adjust it often.
UPDATE: Theyve been glitching or something...the music constantly cuts off every 5 seconds or so... Ive been using them for a month and a couple of weeks, definitely not worth the money if they start having issues so soon. The battery really surprised me, since I only had to recharge them once after I fully charged them when I got them. However, the connectivity issues are bad. It sucks that the return window closed 12 days ago. Original review: The battery does last forever! Im not sure about the sound though, it doesnt seem crystal clear, more like a little muffled. Theyre pretty comfortable and they come with a bunch of extra tips and jackets to get a good fit in your ears.
Ive owned 3 pairs of these earphones. The support team has been really nice to offer me (I had warranty) replacements each time I had issues. The first issue was with charging. They stopped being able to receive charge. I got those ones replaced and at that time they changed the model from the gold Kickstarter version to the normal Black ones. The second issue was with losing playback in the right earphone. Started out as low volume at first to no volume at all. The third issue was exactly the same as the second. Lost volume in the right earphone. At this point I was considered to be out of warranty even though they sent me a different pair each time. Youd think the warranty would be on the new item but its not. Ive had 3 devices in 3 years so I guess if you need earphones for a year then buy these. Otherwise get something premium.
I bought these back in June of last year, since then Ive had major connection issues with the Bluetooth and connection between the two ear buds.  In March I contacted Zolo support they were super helpful and sent out a replacement (which looked refurbished, But I gave them a try.... but they still have connection issues daily . I wish I would have not bought these and gotten literally anything else.  Definitely wont be buying  Zolo/Anker Sound products again
This is one of the worst purchase , I thought I will give them a chance and ask them for troubleshooting and replacement etc they replied back saying send us the product and it will take 20 days to get new product... I have only 30 days to return to Amazon if that stuff doesnt work .. I decided to directly return to Amazon ... Left ear bud problem exists and its bad
Very low volume. And sound is not very good in my opinion
What I liked about the product is that it has a long battery life. What I disliked about the product is that only one earbud works and there is no noise cancellation. Noise cancellation is not the same as noise reduction or noise isolation. If you search online what is the difference between noise cancellation and noise reduction, you will know exactly what is the difference I use this product mainly for songs
I brought this as gift...but left side has bad static when use the phone.... so not much give on review.
I bought these headphones a month ago and when they work they are great. But now, the left headphone will no longer connect and customer service/technical support was not helpful.
This was my second time trying these, the first pair I got stopped working after a few weeks (the left earbud played no sound), and the second pair had the same issue after less than a week. Besides for the fact that these arent working I loved them :), they sound fine and stay in my ear fine and have really good battery life, so if they actually work for you thats great.
I bought the Zolo Liberty headphones as an alternative to my Powerbeats3 headphones. I was looking for something truly wireless and something with a better fit in the ear as my Powerbeats3 would come a little loose during a workout. The Zolos come with plenty of fitting options and I found that the smallest wrap on it worked best for me. The seal in the ear canal is FANTASTIC. These things go in and stay in. If you wear them for more than an hour, I can see me having a little discomfort because I feel them in my ear. The Powerbeats3 are much lighter and have the over-the-ear wire so having those fall off was never an issue. Volume: I read reviews where people said that these headphones are not as loud as other ones and that’s true. They don’t get as loud as my Powerbeats3. However, since the seal is so great, I don’t mind the lower volume. I’m not getting any other noise in my ear to compete with the music so I think it’s a perfect volume for me. Quirks: Ok, this is why I’m giving the headphones a 3-star rating. I do like them overall but I’m 50/50 on sending them back right now. After only a few days of use, I’ve really come to appreciate the technology in the Powerbeats3 and the W1 chip. The Bluetooth connection in the Powerbeats is FLAWLESS. I have never had an issue with those. With the Zolos, I ran into the same issue that others mentioned here with the left ear bud cutting out. When I’m first setting up the headphones, I suppose I can deal with that. But it gets worse. When I run, I use an app called Intervals which gives me audible cues for when to run and when to cool down. I get a 3-second voice warning before the change and then a voice warning when it’s time to change. When those voice cues sound, that’s where I’m getting the ear bud to cut out. The ear bud usually reconnects a second after the cue but it was really, really annoying me throughout a 45-minute run this past weekend. Another quirk is that the left ear bud cuts out when I adjust the volume on my Apple Watch. So I might be in a run and want to adjust the volume up or down. I use the Music control on my Apple Watch and the left ear bud immediately cuts out EVERY time I move the volume - both up or down. I will have to keep moving the volume until both ear buds are working again. Not the greatest experience there. I’m going to give these headphones another week. I was able to get them for $70 as a deal of the day so they weren’t too expensive but still...they were $70. If the headphones are still a pain after this week, I’ll be sending them back and will stick to my Powerbeats3. Sound Quality: 100 Fit: 100 Performance: 50
The right earbud cuts out every few minutes. I thought I could live with it but it happens so frequently, I had to return them. The volume in the buds would suddenly decrease and I could hardly hear the music or podcast that was playing. When the volume was "normal", it sounded fine. The change in battery stats from when I first bought them felt like a bait and switch. I was excited for 8 hours of playback and several full charges from the case. I never saw that and when I looked back at the listing, noticed the decrease. I had to return them.
The audio sounds great in these however the overall experience leaves more to be desired.  Its simple to connect to your device and I can see its purposefully designed to use the right earbud as the master instead of either being able to be used independently however itd be nice if they at least supported multi-point to connect to multiple devices at once (like 2 phones or a phone and laptop) but thats a personal request.  The biggest issue Ive had right now is this doesnt connect with the app at all.  Ive tried from Android and iOS and it never picks up that theyre connected to the phone (even though Im using them with the phone).
These headphones are ok out the box. Im on my second pair due to lack of consistency. Now Im ready to return and try to find a better brand
I wanted to love these things. On paper, they seem like a great deal. But they are really not.  You see, they are bulky and heavy to wear. Which in theory would not be a big deal, as they come with 3 different "sleeves", rubber covers you can put around the earbuds for a more secure fit. Without them, the earbuds seem like they move whenever you are exercising, and I would not be surprised if they fell out entirely during vigorous exercise. So, great!, use the sleeves. Nope. Cant. Because if you use them, it becomes next to impossible to charge the things. They will not seat properly in the case, hence, no charge. I have removed and reapplied the sleeves at least 3 times and I though I had them installed perfectly. Wrong again. A day later I noticed one of them was at below 10% battery, despite having been inside the case all night. Then there is the connection. It will invariably drop one of the earbuds off at one point or another. One moment you are listening in stereo, next  thing you know you taken them out and the next time you put them in, only one channel will work. This happens WAY too often for it to pass from a mere annoyance to a legitimate pain in the butt. Finally, there is sound isolation. In a word, poor. The buds come with 3 set of ear tips, and none of them are that great at isolating outside noise. That, coupled with the feeling the earbuds seem to be on the verge of falling out (due to the previously described inability to use them with the sleeves), and frankly, they make you not want to use them at all. For the price, you are better off buying a cheap pair of bluetooth headphones for $30. Even if they go bad in a couple of years, you will still be ahead of the game. Plus in my experience smaller buds that are wired to each other weigh less, and do a better job of sound isolation. Update: I have been using these buds for 2 weeks now. Removing the rubber sleeves makes them now charge every time they are in the case (good news). Not so good: one channel will still drop out every so often. Not every time, not even every day, but enough that it’s a tad annoying. Putting the offending earbud in the case for a few seconds and then removing it and reinserting it in my ear takes care of that every time (in my experience). Easy solution, but still annoying. Given this, I revised my review from 1 star to three. As I am currently using them, they are OK. Sound quality is good and they work as described most of the time. However I cannot give them more than 3 stars, because of relatively frequent drop-outs of one of the buds (usually the left), and the fact that without the sleeves they feel wobbly and almost ready to fall out with any vigorous exercise. If they can figure solutions to both of these problems they will have a great product in their hands. Until then...
Horrible product so much problems even after sending the wrong product as well! Trash headphones do not waste your time on these!!!
I cant understand how one could design and sell earbuds with such bad sound quality.  They make Airpods sound great, and thats no small feat.  The case seems nice, the magnetic charging snap-in works, the shake to display charge level was cute, they came with a variety of rubber fittings to try and get a decent fit.  But the fit was always poor, they were always on the verge of falling out, and the bass and midrange were nonexistent unless you pressed the buds hard into your head.  So back they went.
The pair I got ended up being absolute garbage.  They worked fine for about a month and then starting having issues.  They would disconnect when I was running or riding my bike and the only way to fix it is to do a hard reset with the case that I wouldnt have with me.  This started happening often and now the right ear piece doesnt work at all.  I purchased these from Walmart and didnt save my reset, so I guess Im SOL with a warranty claim.  Id steer clear and if you do buy them, make sure you save your reset.
Sound in the right ear started going static after 2 weeks
My biggest downfall of this product is that the sound is sub-par. It doesnt really get very loud. I can kind of love with it, but, I do wish the sound was louder. Battery pretty much evens it out because that is beyond amazing.
I liked these earbuds when I got them, I really did.  I was able to run and workout with them and didnt have any issues with them feeling loose or falling out.  The bluetooth range was wonderful as I could leave my phone at my desk and still walk around the office. The sound quality was as good as expected and the battery lasted my entire work day. Unfortunately, my 1st pair  of these stopped pairing to each other.  I would connect with the right earbud and nothing would come out of the left.  I tried resetting them per the owners manual many, many times and couldnt get them to connect to each other.  I tried the customer support chat and we still couldnt get them to connect so they had to be returned. Second pair came and I had the same experience with them working well, but then the left and right wouldnt pair again!  Again, went through all of the troubleshooting with no success. Sending this second pair back as well and looking for something where I can count on both earbuds producing sound .
Of all the Bluetooth devices I’ve ever used this is by far the most annoying to connect. It’s such a hassle with the pairing and re-pairing. There seems to be a weird lag that kinda mimics a split second record skip randomly. Also you can’t listen to your music in just the left ear. it’s either only the right or both. I liked to listen to music 1 ear at a time and keep the other on the charger and rotate them out but now I can’t do that. Idc if the mic for phone calls is only in the right, we should beable to choose which ear we want to use. I own anker faster chargers, multiple power banks, every cable my family uses are all anker. But these are really the first true letdown I’ve experienced from anker.
Connection issues
The headphones sound good, but they have the worst time maintaining a stable connection not only to a device but to themselves as well. Wouldn’t recommend anyone buy these unless you feel like constantly resetting them. I’ve had them for 24 hours and needed to go through the reset process 20 times now. Terrible.
These are sweet in theory, but do not work very long. Had these for a little over 2 months and they will no longer connect.
Ill try to be brief...I purchased a set of these headphones in December of 2017. They worked for a couple months, but lost sound in one bud. After attempting fixes, nothing worked, and Anker/Zolo sent a replacement pair. New pair worked for a couple months, then same thing happened. I contacted support again, this time looking for a refund. I was told I could proceed with a refund, but they suggested some improvements were made and that I should try another set. They also said (and I have it documented) that my warranty was 18 months and would expire on 6/20/2019. I still wasnt sure, but they said "if they dont work again, you can always get the full refund before the warranty expires." Flash forward a few months, and lo and behold...same issues. I contact support again, saying I definitely want to do the refund this time. I get the response: "oh, the prior rep told you wrong. Your warranty already expired. Sorry, we cant do anything." WHAT!?!? I dont care if the rep was wrong, you need to honor what I was told and what I had in writing! I fought it, but best they offered was 20% off another purchase. Really??? Like Id want to use that... Basically, the headphones proved to be poor and the customer service even worse. I feel like I got tricked into trying another pair so that they could have my warranty expire and screw me out of my money. Well played Anker/Zolo...but not really, since youll never get another cent out of me.
For Christmas last year my brother gave me a pair of the Zolo Liberty earbuds.  They were incredible.  Anker knocked it out of the park with these things. Unfortunately, i was traveling a few weeks ago and lost the charger along the way. I reached out to Anker asking to buy another, and was told that i was SOL. If youre absolutely certain that none of the pieces of this set up will get lost or damaged, then I highly recommend it. If youre a normal human who makes mistakes and occasionally drops things, then you might want to go with a different brand.
Left ear will no longer pair with rught. Tried putting it back in case
I really wanted this to be the last earbuds I would have to buy for a while, but it did it work out that way. I really loved the battery life on the earbuds, it’s almost unheard of to get that many hrs on something soo small and the sound quality was pretty good just a tiny bit better than AirPods. The bad part was the VOLUME, the max volume is like 60-70% on other earbuds, it was sooo disappointing. Also the connection dropped sometimes when I would change the volume. All in all it is the perfect for commuters or anyone who wants to listen all day without charging that don’t mind the low max volume.
As soon as I opened the box I charged up the case and buds inside, once they were done I attempted to use them but noticed the left earbud would blink out of sync with the right, I thought nothing of it and connected to my phone only to discover that the left earbud played no sound, I reset the earbuds multiple times, placed them back in the case and took them out repeatedly, and also tried to resync them manually by double tapping. Otherwise however they’re nice earbuds, nice weight, very nice case, and they are rather comfortable/ snug in the ears.
I will update this review as I continue to test out the headset. Purchase experience: First, the product arrived DOA out of box. Spent over an hour trying to complete a reset process to get the left earbud to connect. The reset process gives you no notice if it is done correctly, and both headphones would show a different connected state on every attempt. Edit: (I received this response on how to fix the issue with the bad left earbud connection, however all the light statuses discussed appeared for both earbuds, but still failed to connect. Maybe it will work for someone else: "We can know the status of the earbuds according to the light on it. When the left side flashed slowly and the right side quickly, it shows the earbuds are connected to each other and are finding your device. To reset the earbuds, please put them into the charging case and take them out again, double press both buttons at the same time. When the left flashed slowly and the right quickly, it shows the reset is successful.") So I now know the reset process worked and did not fix the earbud issue I was experiencing. I decided to buy a pair from Walmart after finding here in the comments that they were available at brick and mortar. I bought the only pair in stock of my home within a 20 mile radius. Brought them home and opened them up to find the headphones and case were missing from the box. You see, the packaging for this product is closed by magnet, with only a single piece of tape holding a plastic cover over both the headphones and case. Not the best packaging for a retail environment. I spent an hour at Walmart the next day being treated like a thief to receive my money back. Luckily I received my refund. I then exchanged the first pair I received from Amazon and received a replacement pair. That 3rd pair is the pair I am currently testing. Sound: Sound profile is great. The sound leans mid to low heavy but is still bright enough to bring out instruments and small pieces to music you otherwise may miss or not hear. Lows sound great on rock music especially, but also hit great on electronic an rap music. Sound is well balanced in each ear. Volume when working correctly (see Bluetooth section) is plenty loud enough for me to use the earbuds while active if they fit me (below). Fit: I am a 200 lb 6ft male. All 3 tip sizes and all three earbud locks are too large for my ears. I understand that not every earbud will fit every person but I am a pretty typical use case scenario and after 25 years of being a musician and music enthusiast I have never had this problem before in any other headphone. The smallest tips seem to be the best fit for me to be able to hear the sound profile correctly, otherwise I lose all low end. I have to spend a good 10 minutes usually to get the earbuds to seat correctly for me, and any physical activity can have a negative impact on the listening experience. I will have to try some different tips I own to see if any help the fit without losing the sound. I purchased a pair of Jabra Active 65T for comparison and could comfortably fit the medium tips with no issues of loss of sound or moving while active. I will have to try moving the tips over to the Zolos and see if that helps. (Edit: a different pair of ear tips solved my fit problem. Because the ear tips were not designed specifically for the Zolo earbuds and the depth the speaker goes in the ear, there was a slight loss in some of the low tones of the product, however not to the point where any volume loss is seen.) Bluetooth: With my phone, indoors I have had no problems with Bluetooth range or connection. However, when connected to my laptop, if there is another Bluetooth connected set of headphones in the room with you, can have possible interference from other headsets that leads to clipping and skipping. Makes the product pretty difficult to use in a work environment. The fix to this issue once the device starts clipping is to re-pair the device all over again.  Also, when the headset is paired to my television, I continuously lose connection to the left earbud almost immediately. Nothing I have done so far has been able to fix this issue for me. I purchased a pair of Jabra Active 65T earbuds and did not have this issue. Outdoors on my first use case scenario, I could not have my phone in my left pocket while walking and keep a Bluetooth connection (I am left handed). Keeping my phone in my right pocket, I had a drop in signal every 10-15 seconds. With my phone in my hand while outdoors, I had no connection. Second use case, the Bluetooth issues disappeared altogether. For the moment, I am keeping my phone in my right pocket upside-down and have not seen any more outdoor Bluetooth drops in 3 hours of use on all my uses in this scenario since. (Edit: Problem seems to have disappeared after use. I am no longer experiencing connection issues outdoors.) The last Bluetooth issues are related to pairing. First pairing issue I am seeing is a large loss of volume on my phone after pairing the headphones to another device. The fix for this issue has been to remove pairing from the phone, turn the media volume all the way down on the phone, and re-pair the earbuds. The volume step may not be needed to fix this issue. Lastly, auto pairing seems to be hit or miss, but I dont believe this to be an issue with the earbuds, but an issue with Android Bluetooth, as my car stereo will also not auto pair in certain scenarios, mostly after turning the Bluetooth function off and back on in the phone settings. The other reason I bought this model specifically, is the battery life. So far, the battery life seems to be holding up to the advertised claims. I will need to test the battery out more thoroughly to see if that statement holds true, but compared to any other wireless Bluetooth headset I have owned, I am already impressed. After continued testing, I have begun to appreciate the earbuds more. The fit issue can be solved with different ear tips, but you need to find the right type to not experience loss in sound performance/fit. The Bluetooth issues have gotten better, but so far I do not have a solution to the issue I am having with the loss of the left earbud when paired to my television. For me, that is a necessity for gaming in some situations. As I know I dont have the same issue with the Jabra earbuds,the issue is with the Zolos and not the television. However, if Anker can find fixes for the issues mentioned, I would consider these some of the best earbuds on the market. This product can easily be 5 stars with some product and packaging tweaks.
The sound and noise cancelling is great. A bit bulky, but not bad. The left earbud keeps cutting off. The amount of times Ive had to reconnect them is not worth the trouble. Ive ordered a replacement, but the 2nd pair had the same issue.
Amazing sound and noise cancellation. They sound great. The case is a little on the large side, but the battery is big: they recharge well and last well. They don’t always hook up to an iPhone and drop connection a lot. If they worked as well as iPods, these would be my go to because of the superior sound and cancellation. But they aren’t reliable. I tried two pairs and it was the same for both.
I had a lot of hope for this Zolo Liberty earbuds.  Anker makes good products and I was hoping that this Zolo liberty is one of the better ones because I really wanted to have a bluetooth wireless earbuds that can play 8 hours continuously which comes in handy in my long air plane trip to Asian countries. Immediately I noticed a couple of big problems. one was these ear buds were really hot, I mean temperature wise.  After fulling charging the earbuds, when I took them out and put them into my ears, they were hot, I mean really hot.  I also own other 4 other brands of TWS earbuds, but none of them had this problem. Second problem was the connection between two earbuds. Right one connected to my phone, but left one did not connect to the right one. I tried several times trying to connect, but it did not work at all. I believe that I received a defective unit or something.  I have to return them back.
These were great earbuds for months but died in the 5th month. The noise cancellation is not that great and fades in and out. The buds and case dont charge or at least I cant get the case and earbuds to consistently charge. At $100 I expect to get more than 4 and a half months out of a pair of earbuds.
I went to a Walmart to purchase the Apple Airpods, but the salesman talked me into these. They are cheaper and he felt just as good. I agreed with him for a few months, but then they stopped working. I did all the troubleshooting, but the right earbud was dead. I reached out to support and they blew me off. Unless I can present them with the original purchase receipt, they will not help me. Their attitude is strident and decidedly unhelpful. I was surprised, and yes, disappointed. This company does not stand behind its products as far as I can tell.
I purchased zolo  liberty earbuds a couple months ago and they don’t work good anymore. The left ear bud loses connection and turns off everything. Very frustrating.
Ughh...I was looking forward to these ear buds working out as a stop gap out as my Bose QuietControl 30 developed some static problems. Cons: Regular disconnects - beep then the ear buds would shut down.  Had to manually power back on frequently. Bluetooth Pairing - Could only pair with one device at a time Earbud Pairing - Would frequently lose pairing with other ear bud Ear bud covers - Rubber ear bud cover would partially cover the power contact so when the earbud sat in the case they did not always charge Pros: Decent battery life Good Bluetooth range
Loss of function of both eat buds when I sweat. Inability to receive incoming phone calls from either bud occurs all the time. Brass contacts on buds seem to oxidize when exposed to sweat (salt) and appear to shorten the charging capability! For 100.00 I think it’s a rip- off based on the description of the device. I want my money back!!
