My husband is obsessed. They work great, no issues.
only headset to buy well built
I love the idea of wiresless and this headset is incredible regarding its sound. Unfortunately I decided to go wired just for reliability. On both a50 units that I tried, sound would drop out and the need to hard reset because of docking/charging issues was problematic as well. I love Astro and have since 09 when I bought my first headset. Hopefully these issues will be solved in the future.
Very good quality and long range.
Sounds great, mic is really good. Base is easy to connect.
I got this for my son as a Christmas gift and he absolutely loves it. Great sound, wireless and the battery lasts long.
Best wireless headset Ive owned, this is my third one and Ill stick with this one. Surround sound is perfect and loudness is better than other comparable models.
The package arrived and it was like new as promised. Great experience.
I have came from so many headsets n these are by far the best out there,i know,there pricy but u you gwt what u pay for the sound is out of this world the 7.1 is amazing but i dont use it I use Windows sonic I dont know what the complaints are for but ur complaing for nothing.get these if u can afford these you wont be disappointed  if you can buy $300 Dre Beats you can buy these
Love this headset, but my Corsair Voids have some great features that could easily be added to these. For example, there is an audible voice that says “mic off” when you flip up the mic and there is an indicator light on the mic boom. There also need to be an easy way to manage game volume vs chat volume right from the headset similar to Turtle Beach.
Great. Best Ive seen for the price. And excellent battery life
Switched from the Astro a40 to these.  Bass tones almost as good.  Wireless makes up for any shortcomings.  Great headsets.  Fork knife.
Nothing but positive comments and praise over the features of this headset.  Also picked up the mod kit for these and my husband was amazed that I couldnt hear anything while he was wearing them like I could with other headsets.  Very impressed with these over his old Turtle Beaches.  They seem a lot more durable, too.
I live stream to twitch with a dual pc setup with an Xbox added into the mix. With this headset I can mix the audio from 2 different PCs and Xbox all together. This headset is great for first person shooters as well. Discord audio, crystal clear. I upgraded to this from the Astro A40TR. Highly recommend for any gamer/streamer out there.
Five Stars
Incredible sound
You don’t know what you’re missing out on until you try them. Will always recommend anything Astro.
I bought these for my son for Christmas and he was blown away by the sound quality. His exact words were, “I felt like I was IN the game.” That quote and the look on his was all needed to five star these headphones. May have to get my own pair now. Being able to switch between a computer and a console is also awesome.
Great sound and no wire. My only feedback is the mute option. If the mic is up its muted, down its not. I liked hitting the mute button on the controller, with the wired headset.
Nice fit not too painful on the ears and the sound fully immerses you into the game. The wireless capability seems to be fairly functional up to 25-30 feet. Definitely would recommend if you don’t mind the price too much.
Im loving this headset., Games sound better and Im able to hear enemies more precisely. Movies are also great Im able to sit back and enjoy surround sound. Headset is super comfortable and I sometimes forget I am even wearing it. Sound also sounds like its coming from a surround sound room and not headset. Now the bad, Every once in a while Ill get a hiccup where sound gets cut off for half a second but I assume this is normal because of a wireless headset. Doesnt happen too often to be considered a huge problem. I just hope it doesnt get worse over time.
love it. read all the reviews before my purchase before making my mind up. the problems reported I have not seen. doesnt cut in and out, its easy to put on the charger and its very comfortable. as long is it last me a long time it will keep its 5 stars. also the sound is just amazing compared to my previous which was a hundred dollar mic.
Awesome gift.... my hubby LOVED IT!!!
Absolutely love this headset literally can hear everything when playing video games. Also is relitively easy to set up! Definitely recommend this headset!
Excellent quality! Phenomenal sounds, battery, and functionality! Feels great on my head, and has a very nice mic. Completely wireless! 2 things would improve this: 1. The leather ear cups are a premium, an extra $50. They should be included, as they are much nicer. 2. They should add Bluetooth functionality, for phone calls and music.
sound is amazing even better with Adobe Atmos.
Excellent
Very easy to use, extremely convenient placement of buttons/accessories, extremely good quality headset that I recommend to anyone and everyone. Ive had previous gen Astros with messy cords and it was terrible. The gen 4 is unlike the others. Its an entirely new animal. Ive had many headsets from different companies as well and the Astro a50 gen 4 takes the trophy hands down. The only downside is the battery lasts 8-10. Hope this helps.
I bought these for my son, he loves them, they work great!
The headphones sounded great very Crisp sound however the docking Station did not connect to the headphones very well you had to wiggle the headphones around multiple times in order to get the orange light to turn on to have them charge it
Ibe gotten two of their products the last one was one of the early 2010 models it lasted about six or so years. So far these are great tho they have a shorter wireless range, beyond a little bug on my pc which blocks sound sometimes to my headphones.
EDIT: I ran across the issue a couple times where the headset wouldnt charge at all. A quick reset of the headset fixed it. Heres how to do it: "Hard reset your A50 Headset by simultaneously holding down the DOLBY Button (Button between Power switch and EQ switch) and Game side of the Game/Voice Paddle on the A50s right ear cup." These instances were rare. The other people complaining probably didnt know the fix for it. Dont listen to the reviews that say the headset is difficult to get charging. Those people obviously didnt understand the charging lights correctly. When you first plug it in, the right lightning light will blink for a few seconds, then you will see the bars on the left (indicating the battery level) start blinking, which means its charging. It never takes more than 5 seconds to get those blinking, and then its charging. Audio sounds absolutely amazing. So much so that I get startles when Im gaming and a random NPC behind me starts talking because it sounds so real (like its coming from my room). The mic is initially quiet, but everything gets fixed when you download the software and change the Mic Equalizer to "Airy". It makes the mic sound just like (if not better) than any other headset mic. The battery life is really impressive considering the high quality audio and everything you are getting from the wireless headset. As far as life is concerned, it has never died on me while I was using it. If you stay in all day long and use it nonstop, you might have it die after a very long while. Honestly though, this is entirely worth the money, and Im kicking myself for being so hesitant to spend the money on it. You will not be disappointed. This headset is high quality AND wireless. Truly worth it.
Just go buy this headset right now!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had the Astro A40 and did not like being attached with the cord to the base station, so for the extra $50 just do yourself a favor and get this headset!  Sound quality is AMAZING and zero lag when gaming.  Worth every penny!!!!!!!!
Battery lasts a long time and these sound great!
Exlente producto
Overall these are high quality headphones, but there are two main flaws that leave me a little disappointed...  First is the charger issue that others have mentioned where it can sometimes be difficult and frustrating to get the headphones seated correctly on the base so that the charger functions.  Sometimes I set them down and they work first try,  but there have been a few instances when Ive spent several frustrating minutes trying to get it to seat properly. Not a huge deal and Im learning to live with it but still pretty annoying considering how expensive these things are. The second flaw is the Dolby surround sound. It sounds kind of hollow and borderline echoey at times .  Ive owned several other pairs of wireless surround sound headphones from other manufacturers and I know what good simulated surround sound is, but these headphones just dont have it. They have great sound in stereo so its not a hardware problem.  Ive checked the firmware and its up to date... I think.  Astros website doesnt allow for manual firmware downloads and they dont make it easy to find the latest version,  so I just have to hope that the firmware installer is correct when it says no update is available. Overall I dont regret the purchase, and am willing to look past the charging issue if they can get the Dolby quality up to where it should be for this price... just keeping my fingers crossed for a firmware update that fixes it.
Very comforatable, amazing sound, good battery life, in my opinion worth every cent
Good bang for your buck
I have had these since 2016 and they sit work as they did when they were new I love this headset
This headset is the best Hands down
**pictures are from my day 1 launch pair” Next to my a40 m80 mixamp, these are the main headset I use on PC. A40s being on Xbox. My pair are from preorder and day 1. Of course, I’ve had my issues purchasing a brand new product. But over time, the updates through Astro have solved 99% of them. I absolutely love the sound quality and how open they are. As one teammate asked me “can you hear someone sneeze on the other side of the map?” Absolutely. You a footsteps listener? Got an eq for that. Ambiance listener? Got an eq for that. Just want to hear EVERYTHING? Got an eq for that. Astro really stepped up there game with the gen 3 a50s. You’re  absolutely right I’m going to get the new gen at launch!
First, buy these things!!!  Seriously changed my gaming and entertainment life!!!!! Sounds are amazing, and fully tuneable to your preferences.  This is where the ONE drawback comes in; I feel like I need a computer engineering degree to set up the programming.  OK, it really isnt that bad, but it is a process, and you have to unplug the whole unit from your Xbox to then hook up to your computer to use the management software.  However, it is still FREAKING AWESOME!
Easy to set up great quality sound and comfort.  Not some flimsy thing exactly what you would expect from astro
Love this headset. Works great. I look forward to see what other wireless products Astro come out with in the future. I have a 7.1 surround sound but still sometimes would rather use these.
We have purchased quite a few gaming headsets ranging from $80-$150.  Every single time the wired connections would produce static or intermittently not work.  Spending the extra money was well worth the investment.  They are extremely easy to switch between PC and xbox.  The mic quality is phenomenal and the sound quality is great as well.
These arent cheap, there is no denying that. But they are incredibly well built and will last many years. The battery lasts anywhere from 10-20 hours depending on volume and distance from the base station. They take around 1-4 hours to recharge depending on current charge level. The sound quality isnt spectacular but better than other wireless headsets. The foam around the ears and above the head is removable and replaceable (very nice, they are secured with magnets and snap into place) They are overall extremely durable and have a large range of movement for all head sizes. The one CON I would have is the base station has to be plugged into EITHER the PC OR the Xbox, it cannot be plugged into both at the same time so I am constantly unplugging and re plugging depending on where I am gaming, but that is a small inconvenience when it comes to having a truly wireless experience. UPDATE: After less than ONE YEAR of use of less than 5 hours a week they broke. When setting the headset on the charger it made a very loud buzzing sound from the speakers then just died. UPDATE#2: So after the headset would not power on and the left muff started to get a bit warmer than you would think is normal. I did a hard reset by pressing the dolby button and the "Game" button for chat/game sound mixing and it then powered on. Not sure what happened or how it will hold up past this point but I will update with additional info if that ever happens.
The sound quality is cyistal clear it helps a lot to hear footstep, I love it!
worth the money. love the sound and build quality. i think my favorite feature is when you lay them down they will turn off. when you put them back on they are on in less than one second.
Great buy was awsome when I first got them after a year of using them I found that for the money you can get ones that are just as good if not better and built a lot better. Granted they are strong and durable and will definitely do the job and satisfy even the most picky person such as I they still could make go louder and maybe a detachable boom for the mic.  But overall great buy.
Sound Quality 5 Stars Comfort 4.5 stars Durability 5 Stars Battery lasts all day Best mic I’ve had on Xbox, beating out the Turtle Beach 420x, which was my previous favorite.
Great headset, the sound quality is awesome. They get as loud as you could possibly need them. I would recommend getting a long micro usb cable to charge them, especially for when you need to charge while playing. The charging base is junk, it’s hard to get them to sit right to charge. Works great by using s cable to charge. Turtle beach is not even close to being on the same level as this headset. I would find it hard to believe there is another headset out there that is this good of quality for the price.
Everything wires just as I thought it would. Although, one thing weekends even better... The 3D sound surpassed my expectations. From time to time sounds feel like they are eminating from a room over. However, all they need is Bluetooth 5.0 so they can be used with your cell phone just like the Turtle Beach Elite 800x.
These headphones are comfortable and the sound quality is great. They also have a very long battery life and can even be used while charging if you need to use them longer than an eleven hour stretch. The can also be used with your pc. You can set three different equalizer settings that can be easily changed by switching a button on the headphones. Charging them is as easy as setting them in their cradle.
They sound good, not issue st the moment i just upgrade to a40 tr, which i been using about 3 years. So the a50 are good. Just left charging all night before use them. They came with low battery.
I dont give 5 stars because nothing is perfect.  These are real close though.  Large ear box doesnt squash your outer ear like most.  They dont make your ears hot or sweaty.  They feel light on your head.  The sound is great.  You can tell direction and hear footsteps very well.  The looks are childish and cheesy.  The controls could be better layed out and designed. Large knobs and mute buttons like on the Lucid Sound LS35X  would put these in the 4.5 star arena.  The base stand works like it should too.
Wife bought them for me and I have loved them, works great, quality is amazing. Would recommend them for any one who hates the cords connected to controllers
A diamond in the rough. They r my prize. Right now. They were pricey but I love them. The sound is great
Sound so clear and loud!
Overall, it is definitely worth the $300, but the mic quality is lacking
This is by far the best headset that i have ever had the pleasure of using. It is so comfortable that i have actually used it for over 15 hours of gaming at a time without any major discomfort! The quality of sound is also incredible, and i often hear things (including footsteps) in game long before many of my friends. The battery life is insane, as I mentioned above, it can last over 15 hours. The only two issues i have ever had are very minor. The first is the charging station, which is pretty  awesome, but sometimes it does not charge the headset unless you set it on just right. Usually not an issue that takes longer than a few tries to remedy. The second issue i had was when my headsets audio was cutting out occasionally, but i soon realized that it was because of some wires that were touching the Astros base wires and causing interference. Also an easy fix. Overall, this headset is the best peripheral gaming purchase that i have ever made. If the price is the only thing keeping you from buying this then just think about how long you will be using them for. I have had mine for almost 2 years now, used them almost every day, and they are just as good as the day that i got them. Probably better now actually, because i also have the mod kit now as well. Do yourself a favor, if youre looking for a top of the line gaming headset, and can afford it, this is the one youre looking for.
I went from using a 30 dollar turtle beach headset to this, and let me tell you the difference is night and day. The price is well worth what your getting. I would recommend this headset to anyone. Its so comfortable even after hours of gaming. Amazing quality and great product.
This headset has surpassed all expectations. I had a pair of Turtle Beach XO Seven Pro for over 3 years! The headset was awesome until I was careless one day and cracked them. This was a little over a year ago. Since that time, I replaced the XO Sevens with a pair of Turtle Beach Elite Pro. They were great...for 4 months until the wire messed up. 4 months! I was pretty angry because I paid $170 for them and expected a much greater lifespan. But due to my prior Turtle Beach experience I chalked it up to fault of my own (because the old pair was so durable) I then replaced my Turtle Beach Elite Pro headset with their brand new Turtle Beach Elite Atlas Pro headset (purchased when they released in October of 2018) Well, they lasted me 3 months until the SAME WIRE messed up as my last pair. Now Im even angrier. So I decide to ditch Turtle Beach, chalk up more money and buy a pair of these Astro A50s. WOW. I didnt think audio got much better than Turtle Beaches but man was I severely misguided. The sound quality and comfort of this headset comes second to none. My main concern (and always the reason I bought wired headsets) was battery life. I was recently injured at work and underwent surgery so I was worried this headset would die during my rather extended playing time but was quickly surprised when it lasted a whole 10 hours with still plenty more juice to spare. If your debating on if this is worth the money. Well that depends on what your looking for and how frequently you play. For me, this was a great purchase. Ive had the headset for about a month now and I have ZERO complaints. Will update down the road. I dont usually give 5 stars but I dont know what else anyone could possibly need in a gaming headset that these dont provide.
Nothing to complain about
With the price tag on these I expected the best of the best and unfortunately they do fall a little bit short. The Dolby Atmos support is sketchy at best. Headset is comfortable but I would say it takes a few weeks to break in before it is comfortable enough for long gaming sessions. Sounds is great but tends to cut our here and there. Other than that, great product just a bit overpriced.
It’s a great set of headphones.  A bit longer battery life would be welcome
Alright so I have had this headset for over 3 years now and haven’t had a single issue to date. I’m a heavy FPS player and have competed in several console tournaments. So one thing I seriously rely on is sound and comfort. I play on all 3 platforms. PC/Xbox/PS4. So this review covers all three. One thing that I will say you will have to do out the gate is adjusting the headset through your PC/Laptop. Download the firmware and begin to explore.  Every game is different so to take full advantage adjust according to the game.(Footsteps, Gunfire, Explosions,Etc....) this is a mistake a lot of people make when they first buy the headset.  What’s good though is the firmware can save multiple settings and the headset can actively hold three settings and are easily switch while in game by a button on the side of the headset.  This is especially key to playing Rainbow Six Siege. Since the game sound on Siege is incredibly awful because it uses Linear Sound you will have to indefinitely have a settings just for this game and turn off your Surround Sound. Games like BFV and BO4 your gonna want to increase footsteps but lower you bass. The explosions can be a bit overwhelming unless you like it that way. Now games like Tomb Raider is where this headset shines. Absolutely amazing and if you have a PC/Xbox One X this headset supports Dolby Atmos. Dolby Atmos is god tier of sound. Also with Dolby Atmos you can now watch movies with your headset. So now this headset becomes a in home theater. Which almost no Gaming Headset is capable of doing, but a very few on the market. Not to confuse 7.1 surround sound that the headset offers and Dolby Atmos. Two completely different things. Unfortunately the PS4 Pro does not support Dolby Atmos. Battery life yes this headset will last 12 plus hours without a recharge and is very comfortable. What nice though is that is your headset is low battery you can plug it and still play. Cons: The headset can be used for all three platforms, BUTTTTT if you get the PS4 version or Xbox version the mic will be disabled to the opposite console. You can still use it for sound but won’t be able to talk to your friends. So you will have to buy the Xbox/PS4 base station desperate for 100 bucks. Otherwise flawless. Well I hope this helps. Adjust the settings to each game and promise you won’t regret this buy.
All in all a decent headset. I cant say that its 300 dollars worth, but its a damn good headset. The only complaint that I have is it loses signal once in a while and will cut out all audio for a few seconds. It doesnt happen often, but when it does happen, its a bit annoying. Oh one other caveat when using this headset is that you CANNOT position the base next to or close to any wireless router. Especially if the router is capable of 5g. If you do, Goodluck with the connection. Setup was easy, all you have to do is hook it up and plug the USB cable into the Xbox and it works instantly.
This Headset is amazing.  Best sound you can get it seems it’s super simple to set up and so comfortable and light.
Comfortable. Great sound.
Great headphones, great software and equalizer settings. Look online for forums and people with equalizer setting to get best results. They do cut out from time to time like everyone states but so did my Turtlebeach (may do it once an hour or once a night cant figure that one out) Supposedly from a 5ghz wireless router on same frequency but I turned it off and had same results. Id buy again best wireless headphones on the market still.
The audio quality is fantastic. The comfort and build quality is 95% there.  If you purchase the additional "Mod Kit" which are just thicker more comforable earphones which muffle outside noise, they are perfect.  Controls are great, as is the design.  We have 2 and are using them with an xbox one x and one s.  Both work wonderfully.  I do find them harder to dock with the mod kit earphones attached.  Overall worth the price.
I have had them for about 1 year and work like new I love them, charging is a bit of a pain battery life is ok have had one charge last up to 8 hours. I don’t like how one light is brighter than the others
Love. Love. Love these A50s!! Sound is fantastic. Chat is clear and crisp. Battery life is pretty great, 10-15hrs! My only gripe is occasionally they do not signal when turned on and I have to reset them. 1 minute fix and back to the surround sound action in no time!
great condition, works perfect.
Super comfortable and easy to wear with glasses. No wires from headphones to controller (like some "wireless" headsets. Best feature--These things sound unbelievable!  I havent geeked out yet by updating via USB cable since theres 3 decent settings already.  Love how the headphones easily nest in the charging craddle.  The earphone pieces can be swapped out easily--magnetic mounts do an excellent job keeping them in place.  Ive had high-end Turtle Beaches and Steel Case headphones but I just found my new favorite brand and model.  Got these for my Xbox at a "refurbs" discount but would feel okay paying full price
Traded in my a40s and never looking back love these things.
Incredible sounding headphones. I am completely immersed in all the games that I play.
So far the best headset Ive ever had to date. Get this headset if you can dish out the $!!!
These are by far the best headphone investment anyone could make for gaming on the Xbox One.
Wife loves hers
the only issue Ive noticed is once you break the headset in to fit your head, sometimes you have to jiggle it on the charging station to get it to charge. otherwise, very solid product by Astros
Amazing headset it’s like sitting in a movie theater to play your video games!!!!! Great quality easy to set up. Overall great headset and all you’ll ever need.
Definite have for the gamer!! You won’t be sorry that you purchased!!!
Awesome performance and durability. Cant believe I didnt buy these sooner.
best headset I’ve ever used
These are the best gaming headphones Ive ever had.  Highly recommend them!
All headsets I’ve ever owned have been Astro. I really like this headset overall. Although it has made me question whether or not I want another wireless headset. It has connectivity issues all the time. When I create a party on Xbox live almost every time I have to unplug the usb on the base and plug it back it for it to connect. I’ve also noticed some inconsistency with volume at times. And you’ll have brief seconds where it disconnects and reconnects mid game. Astro tech support is worthless. With as much as this headset cost you would expect no issues at all. I’ve also had some complaints about my mic sounding broken in chat as well or an echo. Overall I really like the headset. I just think with such a high price point it should have no problems is all.
Great headset! I’ve had many Astro’s and turtle beaches, and these far surpass all of them. High recommend purchasing the mod kit for the best experience.
If you want quality by these
Gran producto, el sonido es excelente, he probado muchos audífonos y estos son los mejores, gran duración de batería, buen. Micrófono, se apagan solos cuando los dejans sobre una superficie y el sonido es otro nivel, 100% recomendados.
Loved the quality of audio! Wouldn’t trade it
I friggen love my Astros. Definitely better than playing on the TVs speakers. They are just a tad heavy. But other wise amazing!
I have owned numerous headsets; almost every kind of turtle beaches (which are still very good), Bose, Logitech, Cisco, and Plantronics, and these are by far the best headset I have owned. The first thing  I instantly noticed was how comfortable they are, however the first couple of hours they were a touch snug. But the ear cups are fantastic even for a guy with a giant head. The sound is also phenomenal, especially with Dolby Atmos. I highly recommend this headset for any gamer that plays for extended periods of time.
Great headset with great quality, adjustments are smooth and hold firm to the position, muffs are comfortable and allows ears to breath so they dont get sweaty, is lighter than expected and doesnt cause strain on head or neck. Voice-chat adjustment is easy and allows for good balance between the two. No matter which you want to hear more. Battery lasts about 36 hours stright, only downside Ive had is a few very minor things that dont affect a session on purchase unless your super picky. 1st off is the charger is sorta finicky. It is sometimes difficult to hit that one spot just right to get it to charge, but once you figured it out it becomes second nature. 2nd off is that is the mic isnt very close to your mouth then you come off as quiet to your party members, with a few days of playing with mic monitoring adjustment for yourself and possible you party members then your fine after that and giving crisp and clear speach into the mic. 3rd and final problem which is a little worse than the other and is sorta upsetting. Occasionally but not often the mic cuts in and out allot at one time via the headset disconnecting and reconnecting you off and on which results in you getting static sound thats in and out and same with voice output. It happens very rarely. I am unsure the cause of this, but I think it has to do with battery life, the lower the more possible. All in all tho this is a great headset and I recommend if willing to spend the money or even getting as a present I would be ecstatic.
My previous experience was with Turtle Beach Stealth 600 and then 700s. They hurt my ears after an hour of playing and I wanted something more comfortable and bought these A50s and sent the 700s back to Amazon (I had given the 600s to my friend when I got the 700s). So far everything works well, the sound out of the headset is fantastic and the mic not only works great but my friend said he hears me much better than with the TB headsets. I heard him like he was standing next to me so I am very happy. Pros: Great construction Very comfortable for long sessions Sound is excellent especially with Dolby on Mic is bendable for a custom fit and works great Full charge gives a LOT of playing time Cons: I havent figured out the whole charging cradle hooked to the Xbox thing and with the short cables provided it just doesnt work for me. I have longer cables coming to move the cradle next to me where I can actually use it. Since the cradle is nowhere near my laptop I havent updated the software yet. Seems like a pain to connect the USB that goes to the Xbox to the PC instead. Got to think of a better way so I can switch between them more easily. The price. I was worried that there are so many negative reviews for a headset that cost $300. These should work everytime all the time and mine do. I just wish it wasnt a crapshoot and everyone got a great headset. The Pros easily outweigh the Cons for me. I highly recommend these. I am over 60 years old and have used lots of gaming headsets and these are by far the best Ive ever had.
I was skeptical about buying this after reading some reviews. But I figured if I don’t like it I will return it so I have read that people have problem charging unit I have not had any issues docking and charging. Another HUGE ISSUE I read was the mic was garbage well before this set I had Turtle Beach Elite 800 which was an amazing headset but broke. I am told that my mic is amazing excellent sound no issues with mic. The durability is amazing I’m 100% satisfied with this headset.
Works great audio is great mic is great 10/10
I have been a long time fan of turtle beach headsets. Never had a problem with them. I got these to replace my turtle beach headset that is 4+ years old and now having minor issues. I was sceptical to get Astro’s but after using them on different game types (ex. racing, FPS, and third person shooters) I won’t go back. The sound is very crisp and clear. I also love there are not a bunch of buttons on the sides to bump like turtle beach headsets I’ve had.
I have used other headsets in the past and had been a big fan of Turtle Beach. I decided to try these out after reading lots of reviews. This is by far one of the best headsets I have ever used. The sound is awesome. They are comfortable for wearing for long periods of time. As an avid gamer I would highly recommend these to anybody and everybody. Worth the price tag.
Good
My son absolutely loves these.  The quality is amazing. Pricey but worth it  I recommend spending the extra money and get a set like this. Love the bendable mic. And the push button y’all feature. Jus love everything about them  I would rather spend the money and have quality. The response time is great too.  No lag like other cheap ones. U her what u pay for and I’m glad I spent the money instead of trying h to save cuz my step son has cheap ones and they’ve already had to be replaced
Supreme Comfort, Exceptional Hearing, and Wireless to boot!! I will never use another brand after switching from turtle beach to Astro A50s. This is the most comfortable headset Ive ever owned. Get called a hacker by little kids that are triggered by the competative edge these give you. Or maybe you shouldnt buy these so i can keep my competative edge on you. Adjustable decibel levels through the computer app that saves to presets.
Amazing Headset! Tons of awesome features, better sound quality than turtle beaches, and super comfortable.
Best gaming headphones on the market, plus their comfortable
So I did a lot of research before purchasing new headphones. All the gaming review indicated that these headphones were the best for the xbox.  The Amazon reviews disnt necisaraly reflect that. I read almost all of them. Since this pair of headphones is soooo expensive I took all reviews seriously. So far Im glad I did. The Dolby digital surround sound is undescrivable. The best I can do is say that all my other headphones I have had in the past is simply noise compared to these. I have had none of the issues that got the astro A50 ists bad reviews. They are built rugged but are very lite. I love the noise cancelling feature of the microphone.. I also love that they have an app that you can set up and personalize your listening experience. I was looking for a wireless pare and this one fits the bill. It has the flip up mic to turn off which is convient as well as all controls behind the right ear which makes changing your settings on the fly easy. The only two things so far that I can critisise Astro A50 about is the cost which is quiet substantial. At 299 it is alot to swallow. I happened to buy them with part my money and a gift card so it didnt seem so bad at 300 dollars I dont know if I could pull the trigger. But honestly I would say they are worth it if you are serious about your gaming experience. The other thing is the set up. There arent very good directions included with the headphones despite it saying charge your headphones completely before first use. It takes awhile to first charge. But once charged they last forever. You also need to download the control station on your PC and updated any firmware that is needed and customize your headset. None of this is stated in any instructions in the box. It can be found on Astos website, but I think they should do a better job of making it user friendly. I guess they assume that if you are buying 300 dollar headsets that you have experience using and setting up headsets such as this. Over all the set up isnt horrible. It just takes awhile. If I would give it a grade I would give it an A+. Truely all other headsets are just noise. I would agree with the gaming review these are by far the best set for the xbox one. Maybe not the best set for the money but most certainly the best set you can buy.
This is probably the best headset Ive ever had. The only thing I dont like it is that after a while it starts to hurt on top of your head due to the weight. Sound quality excellent, I can tell where Im being attacked in fortnite because I feel where the sound comes from.
Love them
I was extremely sckeptical about buying an expensive headset. However, this one is worth it. The ear pads breathe very well. I dont find my head/ears getting hot and sweaty. It does happen if you wear them for hours and hours but that is besides the point... This has improved the sound of all my games that require you to hear footsteps or light sounds. There is one problem with this headset....It likes to not charge from time to time (often). After hours of digging around on the internet I found the solution. When you dock it and get the blinking red lightning bolt....do this.... 1. Undock turn on the headset. You should see the lights (battery and lightning bolt) on the base station on as well. 2. Hold the DOLBY ON/OFF button and the GAME button (on the right side panel) until you see the lights on the base station fade away 3. Redock the headset and wait for the orange light to come on the headset and the charging lights to start on the base station. Hopefully this helps someone out there.
So overall the setup, mic quality, and surround. Good for about 20-30 feet of range. Battery life is 12 hours after several months and heavy use. Most people who have connection issue is because your router is interfering with the headset and base station. Try moving one of them.
Loved my A40 TR headset but with an 18 month old I needed to go wireless. These are a phenomenal headset. Easy set up up, great sound and was told mic  sounded good in party chat. Found them to be very comfortable. Astro hit it out of the park with the A50s.
Good
I was worried about getting this set to replace my existing Halo A50 version when I saw some of the low scored reviews.  My worries were quickly set aside after updating the firmware for both the base station and headset.  The sound is just as clear and good as the previous model with the convenience of wireless charging. Note: My Xbox One Audio Output Settings, as instructed on the Astro website, are set to... HDMI Audio: Off Optical Audio: Bitstream out Bistream format: Dolby Digital (Dont mess with "headset audio" or youll force your headset into Stereo modes only.) My Astro EQ settings, via the Astro Command app you can download, are currently set to Mod Kit, Pro, and Studio. (Be sure to remember the small button on the right side below the power button is "Dolby On / Off" - Your base station will show a Dolby icon if it is on. Overall Im very happy with this headset and love the convenience of a wireless experience.  The only adjustment I had to make is that this version does prefer a direct line of site to the base station if you want to maximize the distance between yourself and your console. It can be in a encosed cabinet in the same room with no issues.
Great product!
By far one of my favorite headset.
It’s an okay headset, I can’t really hear footsteps like my Turtle Beach xoFour’s, But it world great for movies and music. The chat mic it’s self is great however. Nice and slick design with easy access to controls. My favorite perk is that you can stream music straight into the headset via aux while gaming without bothering anyone.
Best headset on the market right now. The ability to customize the settings takes this headset to a whole nother level.
Albeit the process can be debated, this is a great sounding headset, subjectively speaking. The bass is perfect, trebel is great, and it is very comfortable. The meshy fabric is breathable. Highly recommend!!!
It sometimes doesn’t register the headset when going into a party chat. But just disconnect the power to the base then replug it in then you can join. Great sound quality and good for PUBG. Like your sitting in a movie theater.
The good:  pretty solid headset.  Sound quality is awesome when paired with dolby atmos (disable the surround sound option that comes with the headset).  Boom mic sits nice and close, and picks up quiet talking if you need it to -- works great for me since I have small kids in the home.  Battery is strong, I can go multiple gaming sessions without charging them.  There is a mechanic in the headset that will put it in sleep mode if its not being worn.  The mixer between game/chat is easily accessible as it is on the side of the right ear cup.  You can buy a leather mod kit for added comfort and more sound isolation, which is so comfortable (upgrading from my turtle beach 40s) the bad:  It does use 5ghz wireless, so if you have anything nearby it will cause it to cut in and out occasionally (This is especially prevalent when the Mrs. watches something on the iPad).  But if I am playing alone I dont have any issues.  The charging station sometimes takes some finesse to get it to charge accordingly (the light on the side of the headset needs to glow amber/yellow - not red).  Also, if you turn off the headset to charge, you will need to unplug the base station and plug it back in to have the xbox recognize the device again.  Not sure if thats a wide spread problem or just mine, but I do leave them on all the time now. Verdict:  Im pleased with the purchase, however there are some minor annoyances.  Be sure to buy an extended warranty if possible since it is a headset at the end of the day and they are prone to breaking.  Also, be sure to update both the headset and the base station initially.  It will take care of 80% of most peoples problems. Game on
The my WiFi interferes with the headphones and I couldn’t use them. When I reached out to the company they gave me a refund.
Use this headset for 6+ hours a day. Great audio quality. Wireless charger is a little slow but 10/10
these are so chill Im glad i got them. works great and the surround sound for movies is great when you dont want to disturb people sleeping.
I REALLY like this head set. Because of its build. Its light to a degree, doesnt squeeze my head to death, the ear pads are comfortable. And the biggest thing is COMPLETELY WIRELESS! No tied into your controller BS. (I hope these things get a firmware update or something and their compatible with the next xbox system, scorpio. probably too much to ask for?) I have bought Trittons, Turtle beach... and wish I had bought these Astro A50 sooner.. The last gaming headsets I bought were the KatanaHD 7.1 Wireless headset (Not truly wireless though, you have that stupid connection with your controller.. so when you set it down, and then turn to do something else, you jerk your controller, off of whatever solid object it was on, into the floor.. which leads to high blood pressure and curse words, dont ask how I know) I got fed up with this.. so I bought the ASTRO A50 hoping and praying it would be worth the price tag. I also bough the Xbox one Striker ProZX.. decent headset, but again, not truly wireless. I also had some shorting issues in the cabling. Which was frustrating. So, long story short, I have had a excellent experience with this head set so far. The button lay out is good. The headset is a lot more comfortable than the Trittons or Turtle beach brand I bought. Packaging for the headset was really well laid out as well. Time will tell if these are a true winners. So far so good.
Amazing headset. Has occasional connection issues(maybe once a month) but easily fixed by turning off and back on.
First of all let me address the main problem and most likely the draw to this headset the PRICE by that I mean if look at the headset price you will think gaming plus, if that is the case than you will be mostly disappointed mainly because the sound is just suited for gaming now thats not to say that movies and music dont sound good or immesive is just not the sound you think you would get for a 300 dollar set now maybe if astro makes preset that have sound mainly for movies,music. ok so it being able to be programmed helps having a  ear cup mod that basic amplify sound by giving them sound isloation is good they are comfortable and have a FUNTASTIC battery life not to mention a toslink digital optic pass though, there is one thing other than lackluster movie,music quality and I think it only apply to a small group of people. No voice chat on x360 or destiny which may only happen in x1 destiny party chat still works for x360 and x1 destiny .just dont pay 300 and expected the world also the mic is good and has custom options Pros: great game sound quality And mic long battery life comfortable for long gaming sessions ,better than turtle beaches "elite 800x" Cons: PRICE ear cup mods should have have been included, gaming only headset for the most part
sound could be improved slightly but functionality and fit makes these a solid 4.5 stars in my book. Very comfortable. My ears never get hot. Highly recommend these.
I absolutely LOVE these headphones for gaming!  I fully researched all the headsets on the market, and wanted to try several brands before settling on the best.  Both the PDP Afterglow AG 9+ and even the Logitech G933 had substandard sound and were made of cheap plastic.  I ended up returning both. The Astro A50, however, have amazing sound, good depth and bass, feel great to the touch, have a velvety cup that feels great on the ears, are comfortable to wear for even hours, and the charging base that charges without wires adds a great touch to make it easy to charge and also look great as a showpiece.  In order for them to be used wirelessly, they require a USB connection as well as utilizing the optical (fiber optic) port on the back of the XBOX.  With those, however, these are fully wireless and work great.  No issues with static, connection problems, or range. I simply love these and highly recommend paying the extra money for something quality that youll enjoy and be proud of!
Looks great, and sounds great. Worked easily with my computers and my Xbox one s!!! Shopped sooner than expected and was perfect. Perfect game volume to chat volume off the bat!!
I have them for a week absolutely fantastic headset!!luckily no issues everything is working fine! Battery life is good being able to look over at the dock and see what your battery life is very nice.
The only issue I had is that the headphones needed to be adjusted a bunch of times in order to sit properly on the charge dock.  Other than that I have had no issues so far.  They feel great and are loud enough.
Excellent product, have reached the shipment on time
I bought these for my son as a Christmas present! They were a huge hit. The quality is wonderful and he says they are uber comfortable and he loves them to game with. They are noise canceling and I can say that when I am yelling for him he cannot hear me. He likes the microphone as well and the ease of use.
I own a pair of these and they are amazing you can hear you game perfectly and also hear people talking to you in the same room although if buying do buy new if someone were to sell these it would be something wrong for sure it is definitely the investment
Really it’s wonderful  I love it  Thank U ( Gold Star )
The range is good but because of the 5ghz signal you cant go past to many walls my front door is 15 away from base unit and as soon as I shut the door I lose signal
Feels like it belongs on my head
Great sound Enjoy this product very much
These are the best headphones I’ve ever tried. The sound is great and they are extremely comfortable. My only issue is that when I sit with my head still for maybe like 10-15 minutes they will power down until I shake my head which is annoying but not a deal breaker for me.
Absolutely amazing headset! It is extremely comfortable on my head and doesnt hurt my ears at all after wearing it for a while like most other headsets. The cloth earpads that it comes with are great because I can hear my roommate talking to me from across the room and hear the game perfectly (Xbox party chat has a very slight delay that can be awful when you need to relay information quickly (ex: playing Battlefield 1 and I need to tell him that there is someone coming up behind him)). You can get leather earpads that are noise canceling as well if you prefer that. Nice, crisp audio that lets you hear everything around you in games. Pretty long range and the battery lasts a long time.
Amazing sound, good battery life.  Some small things that will bug you however.  When you take it off you have to re-do the chat/game volume every time ou pick it up.  Price is a little too steep but the sound is unparalleled.  Charging station is nice but sometimes difficult to get the headset attached to the charging station.  Make sure your tv has optical out before you buy this or else you will not get the full experience.
Upgrading from old A40 wireless, the transmitter is built into the headset for these and their absolutely awesome. Plan on buying additional base station for the xbox. Exactly what I wanted. There are some bad reviews out there largely due to disconnects conflicting with router freq... Change your route channel and should be fine.
Ive used several gaming headsets along with audiophile headphones and these were the most  balanced for me. I just upgraded from the Astro A40TR, previously used Audio Technica ATH-M50x, Sennheiser HD 598, HyperX Cloud II and previous generation Astro A50.  Ive changed headphones more time for my PC than I can count.  I only used this for PC without the mic boom because I use the Blue Snowball mic. Pros:  great sound!  I can clearly hear footsteps in CSGO and H1Z1 KOTK.  Hearing directional footsteps is a big advantage and to determine exactly where the sound is coming from is essential.  Having a wireless headphone with no cords is required, my Astro A40TR had only one wire but that had its moments where Im trying to move around in my gaming room and I forgot theyre in my head and it falls off.  Im able to step away to my kitchen to grab a drink or snack while waiting for my game to start.  The dock is a great way to solve the charging and docking all in one.  Ive gamed 8 hours straight on full battery life and had 3 bars remaining after the session.  After Im done I put it back and Im at 100% once Im ready to game again. Cons:  As a pc gamer I dont have cons.  It works perfect and as described.  I dont use the mic boom so I cannot attest to the quality.  If I would make any comment I would say it takes me 2 or 3 times to dock on the base to make sure its seated correctly for charging. I purchased this from a third party for $200 and well worth the price.
I have gone through many headsets on the PC. This one is excellent for gaming.
Great headsets
Dont not buy if you want to chat with friends
Great sound.  Battery life could be longer.  Not the most comfortable.
Son says they are the best head phones ever. He has had several pair. Very clear sound like you are right there.
Greatest headphones Ive ever used, great sound quality and they are very comfortable. The suround sound takes a little to get used to, but afterwards is super awesome. The flip up to mute mike is super helpful and being able to adjust the voice to game chat sound by just tapping the side of the headset rather than fiddling with a mix amp is great. After downloading the Astro Command Center and updating both the headset and base station, and changing a few settings the mike is fine. I would recommend this to anyone with the budget to buy it.
My son got this for Christmas from his Dad.  It was practically the only thing he asked for this year.  Initially, the sound quality was AWESOME but his friends kept complaining about the chat sound.  They said he sounded far away, very quiet, cutting in and out, or "like 16 bit sound."  He was going to just deal with it, but the joke started to become, "wow, a $300 headset and the chat quality sucks!" So I did some research, found the conversations in the forums where the gamers were outraged over the chat issue (though some said it didnt exist).  Eventually found out to do the following: 1)  Connect it to the PC and use PC Mode (after installing Astro Control Center) 2)  Download firmware update 3)  In Microphone settings, change it to Streaming / Airey That worked!  Now it sounds great, what a relief.
Excellent  sound, easy to set up, comfortable and microphone is very clear.
Excellent headphones. At first, my interlocutors in the chat told me that I was hard to hear, but after the update and configure the microphone sensitivity, everything was great strosto.
I love these headphones for the velour cups and open back design, which means your head and ears will not get hot and sweaty over time.  They also sound quite nice, are low latency, and dont have that problem where they turn off if no audio is coming through the headphones.  Instead, they have a motion sensor that detects when youve taken the headphones off.  Much smarter!  The aux inputs As usual tho, Ive managed to find something wrong with a pair of headphones, and for these its the mic quality.  For some reason theyve hardcoded the mic to 16KHz, which means everything you say sounds like it went through an 80s tape recorder.  Its OK and youll still be understandable, but it doesnt sound good ... it sounds muffled.  Baffling to me why they would do this on a 300 dollar headset.
love these headphones
Great.......
First off Ill justify the 5 star rating. I bought my first pair of a50 gen 3 new right after they came out in 2016 and enjoyed the for about a year and a half which was when the battery life dropped a good bit. I used them for multiple hours a day and comfort wise I havent found another brand with this type of fit and I have a fairly large head. Audio and build quality is pretty good you just h Ave ro be willing to spend time in the command center adjusting it until its where you want it. Now we get to present day though and I figured as a replacement to buy a pair used to save some money this go around. That ended up being a bad mistake that i made twice. I order two pair from gaming usa and they were advertised as being in mint condition and they were wrong. The first pair the volume controls didnt work and the next pair was missing one cable and the other was chewed in half in two spots by a cat it would seem because the headset was also covered in what looked like cat hair. I had to return those and wait almost two weeks for my refunds. In the end I  just decided to buy a new pair of a50s instead of used, so if you buy them used I would not recommend gaming usa because they clearly do not check their products before they ship them
Headset isn’t perfect but the quality of the speakers are just crisp and sound so good for movies and games. Plus wireless? These are hard to beat, just wouldn’t have minded a cheaper price
Love the feel and quality! Sometimes it cuts out and takes a bit to resiync it but overall I’ve enjoyed it on PC and Xbox One
Best gaming headphones that I have had in a long time. I do wear glasses and eventually it does get heavy on the ears but all in all still worth the 5 starts
The item was delivered on time and the headphones are awesome but the mic is decent
I will start off by saying I am very impressed with this headset. I have been through numerous models of turtle beaches. When I decided to get a new pair I chose to try the rig 800xl. Was not impressed at all. Finally gave in and paid the price for Astro A50s. You definitely get what you pay for. Volume can go louder than needed(read reviews on other brands that the volume isn’t loud enough), sound quality is awesome. Easily pintpoint sounds on shooter games. Great bass if you like that. Battery life is no problem, just charge between uses. Flip mic mute and game/chat volume controls are very convenient. The only con I have so far is the same one everyone says, they are a little heavier than other headsets I’ve tried. So far I’m a fan and will continue being an Astro customer.
I have used this headset for one week now and have had no issues that others have complained about. When placing the headset on the base/charger some have stated that it was difficult or would not magnetically connect like it should. As long as you pay attention to what you are doing when placing it on the base I see no reason for it not to fit unless you have the customization pack on which might slightly add more bulk to the ear pieces. The other reason would be operator error! You can easily tell when and if it docks correctly. You can definitely feel the magnets connect and visually you can see the status light up on the base if device is working properly. I have been a gamer longer than many have been alive (original Pong system owner!) and it does not take a rocket scientist to connect the headset to the base! In regards to others leaving negative feedback about the durability of this headset...I spent about a week researching online, talking to other gamers, and talking to retail workers (Game Stop for example) about the best headset options on the market. About 90% stated for serious gaming they recommend the Astro A50 if it is within your budget. Yes, this is a big investment for a gaming headset! However, if you are like me and tired of spending $100 or more for a headset that either shorts-out or breaks due to cheap quality within a year while responsibly cared for by adult use, then buy a warranty for them. I spent close to $450 over the past three years on headsets just to be consistently disappointed and frustrated by cheaply crafted headsets that easily broke. In my opinion, if you can afford it...buy this headset and get the warranty to protect your investment (I bought the 3 year warranty). That will make the cost be like $100 a year for the next three years which you will likely spend anyway on a crappy quality headset! With that being said, my only complaint I have at this point is on the use with pc. I am still in the Stone Ages with my Windows 7 OS and have not figured out a way to use them with Netflix lol. This headset sounds great especially when listening to music! Enjoy!
What is with the hate? Personally I just dont get it whats not to love? They are durable, Can be modded, Sound Fantastic,are comfortable, and have great battery life! The only thing I could see improvement on would be setup as it is not strait forward but once you look on their website it is easy enough. I love my headsets and think they are well worth the price tag! I know that this review is going to get lost in the onslaught of reviews but if you do happen to see this review please click the helpful if it helped you and feel free to contact me with any questions you may have! Hope this was helpful!
My son loves it!
Received and works well. Very comfortable.
I purchased these to have an all in one system for my PC and XBOX ONE S. They are hands down the cleanest, loudest and most comfortable wireless headset I have ever worn. Build quality is superb. Unfortunately, even with even the latest firmware update they poorly port with the XBOX. When plugged into the XBOX party chat is fine, but it completely disables game chat. I also took multiple reboots for XBOX to recognize headset all together. I can see where a lot of people struggle with mic output as you have plug it into to PC to access the custom settings to adjust to your preference. It would be nice if they had a app in the XBOX to make these adjustments and not have to unplug, set up with PC and re connect to console. As firmware updates are available I hope in the future they iron out the bugs. I kept mine for PC only for he foreseeable future as they are to good to return and using some Turtle Beach 420X+ for XBOX only. (Turtle Beach has great integration with Microsoft, but is not even close in quality to the Astros) Headset gets and A+ XBOX integration D-
This is my fourth Astro headset. They make very good quality products. This newest A50 is my favorite though. Here are some notes I have on the different aspects: Price: The price is high, yes. But not out-of-line for what you get. To me, the convenience of having no wires to worry about while still getting good surround sound and a proven comfortable headset design is worth the extra dollars. Dock: The dock makes charging really easy, and there is no power button to worry about. They start working as soon as you put them on. The dock is the best part of the new A50s, but also my one minor complaint. The dock takes a little bit to get used to - because the headset swivels, you have to make sure the earphones are straight before docking them, or the contacts wont touch and they wont charge. You get used to it quickly though, and the indicator makes it clear whether they are connected or not. Sound: The sound is great - good deep bass, and the depth of the surround is awesome. Much appreciated in FPS games. I used to be skeptical of wireless headsets, but my concerns are unfounded with this headset - no hissing or pops and just great overall sound. You can adjust the sound with the PC/Mac software as well. Mic: I have not really used the mic yet so I cant review it, but I can confirm that the mic does turn off if it is upright, and turns on when you pull it down. Battery: Battery life seems great - I always set them back in the dock when Im not using them, so I ever havent had them drain completely. Accessories: I wish you could get custom speaker tags for these so you could fully personalize them. Currently there is a mod kid available that swaps out the ear pads for leathery ones that block out more outside noise, and they come with a black replacement for the existing green headband cushion. I like the black look over the green, and I like that you can easily swap out the ear pads any time. They are magnetic, so they go in and come out without any effort all. The headset is just as comfortable with or without the mod kit in my opinion.
A lot of people complain about this headset disconnecting and having troubles with it which annoys me because they are too lazy to read the instructions on how to set up this headset. Before buying this you need a PC bc you need to update this headset. If you don’t update this headset then you cannot complain about how it doesn’t work. Don’t buy a 250 dollar headset if you aren’t willing to read the instructions! This headset is the best thing I ever could’ve ever bought for gaming! You will be completely sucked into the game just by the amazing quality of the sound this headset produces. If you are playing a game like Over watch you will be able to hear every footstep of your enemy. The mic  Quality  Is very good I like that you can customize it to better suit your voice and your surroundings. But I do have to say if you want to stream on Xbox I’m told that the A40’s are much better since they record party chat audio and some people believe that they have a better mic. but the A40’s aren’t wireless so remember that. But if you don’t plan on streaming and want an amazing headset please save the money and buy the A50’s.
Great sound! Very comfortable fit, and easy to use and set up. Very nice plug and play set up.
Super nice headset! I bought the Turtle Beach 800x but returned them for these. The Astro headset is a million times better! Spend the extra money for these! These sound incredible and I can hear other players coming up on me more than any other headest Ive tried.
I received the package undamaged and well wrapped. The product packaging showed no tampering or reseal showing that it was used, and was in fact new as described. The headset itself is great and a relief to be wire free. My first wireless headset and I’m extremely pleased with the result. However, if you play a lot of video games that benefit from sound sensitive queues, then I would also recommend purchasing the mod kit for the noise cancelling feature, as the headset does not blockout outside noise.
Ive owned two other pairs of Astro gaming headsets.  I dont think I will ever need to buy another pair, these are great.  I have a huge head but these fit comfortably.  The cushions on the ear feel great.  I like that I can switch from the Xbox to the PC and use the same headsets.  Charging them up is simple, as long as you make sure they are lined up correctly.  My only concerned is they didnt connect to the base one day, no matter what I tried.  I found a video on youtube that showed how to reset the headset.  This worked and I havent had any issues since.  The issue likely started after a software update.
Very easy to install and sync. The sound quality is amazing and being completely wireless makes this headset all I could ask for
Amazing product simply the best Ive ever had and Ive had tritton warheads and the previous version of Astro A50s.
PRO This Headsets are awesome... It feels great and the sound is just great, now the dolby doesnt work for music because will sound awful but after you turn off the dolby it will sound great... the best thing is that you can modify the headset eq and mic as you wish :D that is just lovely the dolby allows you to hear every little thing that happens behind you. CON I feel the mic could do it better. and the base station sould have another USB in But besides that everything is perfect :D
So far so good.  They look and feel great and have the same build quality as previous.  Love the new docking setup.  The most important feature, no more dongle to the controller, FULLY wireless!  About time!  I added the A50 Mod Kit which definitely improved the overall look.
AMAZING! Only when you have the right EQ settings! Do your research.
Sounds good so far so good.
Update 1/03/17 The latest firmware which I believe was from December 19th 2016. Fixed all my issues. The product has been working flawless! I recommend updating the firmware and this should resolve all the issues! Otherwise, please read below if you have issues! I will update as needed! My review is now a 5 star product! Original review: Whenever I received the product I was excited to finally get a full wireless experience without the need of the cord to the controller! However, whenever I spoke in party chat. My cousin and friends told me I sound robotic.. I updated the firmware as of nov 18th. I found a fix or workaround... if you have issues with connection or mic. What helped me out and so far is working great is airy setting with night mode. >- download the Astro application on your computer to do configure settings. -<  This helped and was good for a few hours then I sounded robotic again muffled.. The solution? I changed my 5ghz router to broadcast a channel lower than 149 the headset signals 149-161. This fixed all my issues.. the main issue is why we needed to do all this to have the headset working. I hope they fix this in future.. Update above seemed to have fixed all the issues!
I was skeptical about getting such an expensive headset but I soon found out that it was defiantly worth it. It so damn nice to not have to worry about wires. the sound is pretty amazing but once you turn on that Dolby sound its like angles whispering in your ears its pretty damn amazing. The only thing I dislike is the cables that came with it to connect the dock to the Xbox. They are only a couple feet so it really limits where you can set it up. I didnt have any room around my Xbox to set it up so I had to set it on the floor for now but I have some longer cables ordered and coming. So just a heads up if you dont have room to set up the dock by your Xbox or you want to set it up closer to where you sit like me. I would definitely suggest buying some longer cables to go with it.
I had an old set of Astros that slowly fell apart over the course of what has probably been a decade. Still, they seemed to die mostly from a stripped screw-holes, so I admit to being a bit... hesitant to go this route again. My old set was also a lot of awkward wires and set-up seemed to take forever. Then I bought these. I love the A50s. There is immediate gratification when I place them on my head. The controls are intuitive and in good locations... It didnt take long for controlling them to become so instinctive that they all but disappear. The wireless aspect is so nice, and I dont even use it for much. I stand up, go the fridge, come back... nothing had to change. Using them is so nice I compare putting them on to entering your own little gamer heaven. That sounds like a trite analogy, but I mean this sincerely: Have I got them on? Then I have rich audio, the game surrounds me, a person in my party can hear me, and overall whatever game Im playing is a few Metacritic points better. Have I got them off? Well, then Im just in my living room.
Seriously awesome gaming experience. If you cant gaming with these you arent gamin
4.5 stars This is my second set of Astro A50s. I own the original or Gen1 version. I started getting battery issues after 3 years of use or so. These, known as the Gen 3s, are a big step forward. Owning the Xbox One, I found it utterly ridiculous a chat cord is needed on a wireless console. Luckily, Astro went after the licensing to make something. I was so happy with the sound, fit/feel and usability of the first generation, I went with the newest set. WOW So many options to adjust (if you want to). Reminded me of a phenomenal pair of Logitect I had for PC. I personally hate playing with that stuff and just looked for suggestions in the forums. Fit. I have a large head, 7 3/8ths hat size. When I first slipped them on, they felt a bit too tight. But it was just the newness. I wore them for a couple hours day 1 and about 5 hours the next. No squeeze issues after day 1. The ear cups are large and go all the way around the ear, so no pinched ears. BONUS: the ear cups are held in magnetically (strong too, owned these a month now and no issues). They can be pulled off to clean! Also, they sell a mod pack for around forty bucks that has faux leather for a more sound proof experience from the outside world. I dont wear glasses, so Im not sure how those play in. The sound is phenomenal. Im no audiophile, but I enjoy clean crisp sound and these deliver. I watch Netflix and game with them and they sounds great, as did the first generation. The dock is great. No wires. Im sure Gen 4 will have a better method of sitting the headset in the base. Its not difficult, it does have to sit right or it wont charge. Ive read online about people having issues with that, but I havent. Someone even put a video up on how the easily place it. Bluetooth range. Not great strength. Maybe something they can fix with a update? I have no issues in the gaming room, but if I walk out of it, it loses signal. The good is as soon as it gets back in range, its almost immediately working, no reboot needed. Microphone. Friends say I sound clear, no issues. I do feel the actual build quality isnt as good as the previous generation (boom itself). I wish it did have a mute button on the ear cup as I hate pushing it up and down. The buttons on the ear cup are super easy to learn and use. Im a huge gamer and can play for VERY long times. the 15 hour battery life they give it is def fair. Id say I got closer to 18 hours. I ran mine all the way out, got the warning, used a mini-USB charge cord and kept going. Takes about 2 hours for a full charge, not bad at all. The auto-shutoff is great and by the time you pick them up and get them on your head, they have woken back up, takes a second or so. Saves a ton of battery. They are well made and expect them to last as long as the first gens I had. They are VERY expensive. But I like the best and am willing to pay the extra for quality. These have aluminum, not plastic frames. They feel built tough, but Im not dropping them to test! These are for big gamers. play from time to time, get Turtle Beach. Want to hear every footstep, mechanical noise or wood creak coming form your 5 oclock? This is them.
WOW!  I have had a number of headsets over the years, including a couple from TB just as expensive as these.  These Astro A50 are far and away the best quality and easiest to set up and use.  The sound quality is outstanding and they are the most comfortable set I have ever had bar none!  The wireless connection is flawless.  By far the best gaming headset I have ever owned or used.
Way better than our stack of dead Turtle Beaches. Seriously, sound quality, ease of use, reliability, nothing compares. Stop throwing your money away and invest in these
I love these headphones. They are loud, comfortable, and durable. The biggest downside to them that I have found is the battery life is horrible.
My Son loves it!
This is wireless . I love it.
So far so good. Got it for my son for Christmas and he says it works great
This headset is quite amazing. its awesome for gaming and listen to music. I myself am coming from the Turtle Beach Stealth 450. From a 100-150 to a 300 headset is quite a jump. Pros -Really long battery life, only gets to 60% in a 8 hour game session. -Can charge while playing games. -Great sound and 7.1 surround sound. The surround sound may sound a little weird coming from a stereo headset but it can improve gameplay. Ive gotten kills on battlefield 4 i would not have got before with just a normal headset. -Great mic, ive had no issues with it. -Works great for xbox and pc but not both. (will explain later) -volume wheel is good. -Super comfy! -The display on the base station is really nice and easy to read. -Basically plug and play. -Really simple software. -looks great even with the bold colors. -feels very sturdy. neutrals -little heavier than my last headset but i dont mind it. -headset will bend and sometimes not sit on the stand correctly so it takes a little bit to position it correctly but im fine with that. Cons -Should have came with longer cables -Should have come with another micro usb cable. -Does not work with xbox and pc at the same time which is what i ultimately wanted but sadly did not get, i could actually use both at the same time with my old headset but could not use the mic on xbox and was not wireless. -Wish there was a mute button as sometimes if you dont put the mic far enough up it wont mute. -Wish there was a bluetooth addition to connect to a phone or a mobile device. -Wish there was 2 usb ports on the back to connect to xbox and pc at the same time so you could at least just hit the switch on the side of the base station instead of unplugging the usb port and swapping it. -Range is a little on the short side compared to my old headset that even was years older. Conclusion Ive been using this headset for a little over 2 weeks as of writing this review and it has been a really great headset and i plan on keeping it. It is a little on expensive side. The headset I feel could do with some extra features, but that may be just the reason the headset works so well. There less features for Astro to worry about making a very simple and nice produce with very nice and easy to use software and for 300 I feel like the mod kits should come with the headset but that may be just me.
These  have amazing sound on Xbox one! You can hear foot steps in Battlefield 1 and all the guns sound amazing. When playing it has different settings so you can set it up for FPS or RPGs. You can hook them up to the computer and adjust so many different settings. They are very comfortable and fit great. The battery life is pretty good too. Usually last a couple days before we have to put them on the charger. They are completely wireless too. Id definitely recommend them.
I bough two one for me and one for my son, the one that my has lose a signal few times already and i have to disconnect the whole thing and connect it again thats the only issue right now but besides that the  sound and quality is good and is very comfortable
Overall It’s actually a great headset but I would stick to turtle beaches if u don’t absolutely  love gaming. Durability It’s great I had it for years and it doesn’t have any problems with it, except the adjustable part of it they became  looser which isn’t a big deal though anyway. Functionality It works I’d say the best of every headset but sometimes when I turn it on I’d say 1:15 times I can’t hear any sound at all but just take the usb out of the base station and put it back then it will work..but sometimes I get this weird thing were I can talk to people with the mic but I can’t hear them this probley happens 1:30 times. It’s kinda hard to fix but just put it on charge and don’t touch it that usually helps. Mic Crystal clear just really sensitive. Try adjusting the settings on the control center but yeah try adjusting the noise gate because my friends always complain about my fan Control center If u don’t have a computer and can’t download it don’t worry about it I barley use it even though it’s quite helpful and u can really personalize it to your level it’s not that big of a deal I would buy it if you really like gaming but if your more casual about gaming it’s not a big deal.
These are great can hear a moth fart in pubg from a mile away but are heavy so so heavy I feel as if I have two bricks duct taped to my head my neck is on fire after a long gaming session. No pain no gain I guess
Very comfortable, truly wireless even with voice chat, surround sound works great for games like fortnite, able to use mod kits which make a big ug difference.
Sound quality is far better than turtle Beach products I have tested. A little on the expensive side, but its understandable due to the superior sound quality and loudness. On the down side, we have 2 units, and sometimes they seem to cut in and out at times. Other than that annoyance sound is good overall. At this price point they should incorporate blue tooth or allow alternarive connections like direct connect aux. Battery is pretty good, however the person who designed the charging base obviously didnt consider the users. Its clunky and hard to position the headphones on the unit. These headphones rock overall. If you can get past the stupid mistakes the manufacturer neglected to address, Im sure youll find them to be a great choice.
Great quality, sound like heaven, super long battery that lasts forever, ultimate customization options for sound, I wouldnt buy anything but this if your going to game its a must have. It doesnt make your head sweat like other headsets. I used the Xbox one stereo headset for a day and I sent that piece of crap back. Just spend the extra money and get yourself a good headset you wont regret it.
I have owned the Gen 1 and Gen 2 A50s and currently use the A40tr. This Gen 3 A50 sounds crisper than any of the previous models and better than the A40tr. They weigh less than either of the previous generations as well. Comfort is still top notch right out of the box. Battery life is greatly improved. The only thing I noticed is that the chat is slightly lower quality than my current A40s. Its passable for game chat but not as clean as the A40s. Though I could go into the Astro command center and fix that. Definitely improvement over the previous models.
Everything about this headset is an upgrade compared to the former generation. The charging dock and just the sound is amazing!!
Gave these as a Christmas present to my 18 year old son.  He cant stop thanking me!!
This headset does NOT have a metallic sound to the speakers those are simply preferences that you can set on your computer or there maybe interference. My experience so far with these has been great! It was a little rough getting used to it compared to the I have had for 2 years. Pros: Sound Quality is excellent Mic Quality is potentally to good Mode Changes are easy no Beeps/Bloops to decipher Battery Life Excels "Ear Pillows" The most comfortable headset I have ever worn right out the box Completely Wireless, FINALLY! Charge base is pretty cool, it is magnetic to make sure you get a connection Cons: PRICE! Controls on the mic are rough to get used to if you havent had an Astro Headset before. No Sweet lady telling you, your mic is "on" like Turtle Beaches have. Final Synopsis: This headset is awesome, if you have the money and time to delve into its many features.
I love this headset even though theres no bluetooth to connect to your phone buy thats OK. Also there is a software update you should do before using the headset. Its a really comfortable headset compared to the turtle beach elite 800x.
I had Astro a40 and Astro a50 first and second Gen. buy far these blow the doors out of every Astros that came before it. The sound quality is amazing for movies and gaming.love the new charge base battery is great about 11 to 15 hrs. The quality of the headsets feel premium Astro gaming are but far way ahead of the competition when it comes to quality comfort and sound worth every penny.
Sounds really good first day excellent sound a real experience for YouTube app or movies and games . sounds like the tv when playing games and YouTube is like the blogger is in front of you.
This is my first amazon review... Im that pleased.  The only thing that I can imagine someone complaining about might be the Astro support which I have not had to deal with since these headsets have worked fine since the day I opened them. I have tried many headsets and these are the best  in terms of construction, comfort and definitely sound. I have been amazed at how even with the sound turned way up on the game I can hear my friends voices clearly  during moments of total surround sound chaos. It is almost surreal how without loud volume the chat  feature effortlessly crosses through other noises to your ears with precision.  This is my first set of Astros. I waited because I always wanted complete wirelessness  like I got with the Triton warheads on the 360, which were my favorite headsets up until now. These are far more comfortable in my opinion.  The documentation could use some more detail especially in terms of connecting to the chat features on Xbox live. The solution is to definitely download the Astro command center software  and update the base station and headphones the day you take them out of the box. The additional features that the command center allows are amazing and probably far more than I will ever use but if youre a  sound freak like some of these reviewers it should cover all of your needs.  A few reviewers have complained about not having swappable batteries but in my experience it is easy to plug in a mini USB power cord (like the ones that come with any wireless xbox1 controller)  and charge them while you continue to play. Yes you lose the total wireless situation however the batteries last so long this should rarely be required.  I only did it because I wanted to try them out immediately instead of charging them completely and the base station. I dont know who these people are that are giving low reviews - they may have there reasons or may just be trolls but these headsets have lived up to my every aspiration for them and then surpassed them. Unless you love to hate, I cant imagine being disappointed with them. Cheers!
Great headset, however, when trying to connect to xbox, you have to switch to PC and back to xbox to get it to connect. If you still dont have sound reset your xbox, should work after that
I was looking for a wireless headset with good sound to use when I don’t want to wake up the entire house with my Home Theater System. I tried the Turtle Beach Stealth 700 first because they were less than half the price and ended up disappointed in the lack of volume and just the sound overall. So after a few weeks I decided I was gonna take them back and order these. I gotta say it was one of the best gaming decisions I’ve ever made because these sound EXCELLENT. They’re very loud, very clear and the bass is perfect. Don’t hesitate to pick these up if you’re on the fence!
The headset came in an amazing condition both cosmetically and verbally. Amazing seller with quick response time, and this headsets build is top tier quality in both sound and comfort. I recommend anyone who loves extremely great sound with a sturdy/comfortable frame and ear cuffs for the best price. I would recommend this listing highly.
This is my second pair of Astro A50s. My first pair I bought back around 2013 and lasted me until about 2017 when I got an Xbox One. After receiving the newer version of the A50s I am blown away by the improvements made. Wireless - Having a truly wireless headset is incredible. My old A50s required a cable in order to get voice chat, but with advancing technology the truly wireless headset is incredibly versatile. The range is about 20-30 feet from what I get in my house which isnt the greatest but it gets the job done. I can still throw down my controller and run to the kitchen fine without a problem. Comfort - I have never worn a headset that has this amount of comfort. Although the headset may look bulky, you would not be able to guess when it is on your head. The soft cushion of the ear cups allows me to game 8+ hours with no problems. The ear cups also rotate down if you do want to take off the headset and keep it around your neck which is a nice feature as well that proves to be useful more than I thought. Sound Quality - Incredible. With 3 different sound settings, and the ability to customize them however you want, you have the ability to cater this headset to whatever type of game you would like. I use the 3 preset settings for Music, Single Player Games, and Try Hard Shooters so I can better hear footsteps and small sounds. Look/Build Quality - Top notch. This headset feels and looks like it was built to last. I honestly do not take care of these as well as I should, but they have not shown any sign of damage yet. I have fallen asleep with these on too many times to count and wound up with them crammed between my bed and the wall and there is no bends or cracks in them. The charging dock is a great way to display these beauties as well. Overall - I highly recommend springing for this headset despite the steep price tag. Everything about this headset screams high quality and you will not regret reaching for the best gaming headset around.
Best wireless headphones I’ve ever had. Great sound quality. For anybody who’s having disconnect problems just make sure to update the firmware and any small problems will go away.
Not a bad headset, its the most comfortable Ive come across and it has really good battery life. Only issue I have is every now and then it doesnt like to charge on the base and sometimes Ill have to unplug and replug the base when I first turn on my xbox. I have not used the headset on PC yet, but I will be doing so in the near future. They have a good (not great) support team that you can email with.
This is the one and only best headset for Xbox, it looks, feels and works like a charm , the surround sound is so good to be true best choice, no downsides what so ever .
I bought this headset since I was having mic issues with the Afterglows Gen1 AG9s. I got a really good deal on this headset. Getting them connected took about 5 minutes. I tried them out with my friends and it was GLORIOUS!!!! The sound coming through this headset caused an instant orgasm. When my friends heard my voice for the first time uninterrupted, they orgasmed as well. Definitely worth what I paid for them. When my lady saw them, it was game on. She couldnt get enough. So BUT THIS HEADSET!!!!!!
Overall this is a very good headset, I really enjoy the fully wireless aspect, as there is nothing more annoying than having wires at your fingers when youre playing. You can tell they are made out of high quality material, but felt like what you get with the mod kit should have been standard as it is for the higher end TB headsets (noise cancelling leather ear pads and headband). Here is what I saw as pros and cons (Ive only had these a couple of days) Pros: They are wireless, they are comfortable, and the sound is great (not as good as my TB XO7 Pros). Overall this is a very solid headset. Cons: The mic is not great even with a firmware update. One issue I came across is that my xbox wont recognize it sometimes when I turn my xbox on so Ill have to unplug and replug the usb from the base station and then my xbox will assign it once again to my profile. This isnt a huge deal, but with time I could see this getting annoying. I have had TB headsets going on 8 years now and have always loved their sound. I only really play COD and TB headsets pick up footsteps so so well. I decided to get the TB Elite 800x headset and was very disappointed, it sounded like I was in a hallway and I could barely hear my own footsteps let alone anyone else. If you play COD you know if you cannot hear footsteps you might as well be playing blind folded. I figured Id give the Astro A50 headset a chance and return my TB 800x. When I first started playing with them they sounded exactly the same as the TB 800x headset like I was in a tunnel and I couldnt hear footsteps. After messing around with them for a bit I decided Id try to turn off the Dolby Digital 7.1 (this is also what they TB 800x have) and it sounded great! Conclusion: It might be because I am so used to the sound of the TB headset which is just surround sound not Dolby Digital like these, but I much prefer how that sounds as opposed to the dolby digital. When the Dolby Digital was on it was hard to hear footsteps or really determine where they were coming from, but again it might just be because Im used to the TB surround sound. Like I said overall this headset is awesome and I will be keeping it, but I do not believe it is worth the money an average gamer might spend on them. There is nothing youd get from these that TB XO 7s or XO 4s for that matter wouldnt be on par with besides the fact that they are completely wireless. So unless you want to spend an extra $200 on them being wireless save yourself some money and get an older generation of the Astro A50s, A40s, or my preference the TB (Turtle Beach) XO 7s/4s.
Bought them for my boyfriend for his birthday. He loves them!
Hello there, so I ordered this headset to replace my Turtle Beach 800x headset. That headset had two major problems with it: it would simply not charge or randomly stop charging, and would not act as if the mic was connected to my Xbox One. Those problems were so infuriating that I took to buying my first gaming headset not produced by Turtle Beach. The problems I am having with this headset, however, are far worse. The A50s I purchased have an extremely difficult time actually charging. I have to readjust the headset numerous times on its stand for it to actually charge. It may be magnetic, but the magnets do not connect it to the station AND charge it. The other issue is drastically worse with your Astro A50s. Daily, they decide not to connect the mic to my Xbox, so it seems like it is not connected at all. I can hear anything, but nobody can ever hear me until I do the normal routine of disconnecting every cable and reconnecting them. I love the headset, but these problems are irrefutably inexcusable. The sound quality is honestly better, and I love having the physical mic instead of the 800xs built in mic. The quality of the mic leaves a lot to be desired though.
Ive had a pair of astro a50s, and they were amazing. Honestly people, the mic is incredible. Besides, the absolute only time mic quality even matters is for streaming. And even if you are streaming, you should be using a seperate mic that is only designed for picking up your voice and not built into a headset, a stand-alone mic. People need to stop dissing the mic on this headset because it works just. Im sorry some of you sound like tin cans, but you can fix that. Its your job to find out how.
Sound quality is amazing, its insanely comfortable, and comes with an option to upgrade to leather if you want. a lot of people say the mic quality sucks, and it does for in game chat, while in a party chat I say it sounds good. oh and you can charge it while using it using an android charger!
Upgraded to these from my current Astro A50s.  These fit better overall.  More snug but not too snug.  The sound quality is better as well.  Took about 3-5 minutes to set them up with my optical audio switch for my Xbox and PC. The new base is awesome as well.  Better design. Overall, this headset is very awesome.  Being completely wireless now is amazing!
im not an astro fan boy but i read the other reviews 1st and was surprised to read how disappointed people are. For me they are great, i have all the astro products and this latest one is great and truly wireless which is what i wanted. Do they have the same sound as the turtle beach 800x not at all but the comfort is a compromise. For an all around comfortable long gaming session with none of the mic problems ive seen written here, these are great. Edit on 1/17/17 turns out i did have mic problems since i bought them and i just thought it was inability to find the right settings on the xbox. I almost gave up with wireless for the rest of my life then decided to exchange them through amazon(amazingly the window was open due to the extended holiday season return period) i have the new ones now and they are! perfect. Thanks astro and amazon.
This headset is fantastic, but misses slightly in a couple of key areas, otherwise it would be perfect. I bought this to replace my aged, and still functioning, Turtle Beach XO Seven. At the time of the purchase, it was about the same price as this headset, and that was two years ago, give or take. The TOTALLY wireless feature on this device is fantastic. You dont have to mess with the controller at all. Sound is absolutely phenomenal, and the quality of the mic is equally impressive As far as those features go, I couldnt be happier. But for the cost, there are a couple of items still missing that Id have liked to see. First, there are no replaceable batteries, so if you go dead during a gaming session, you better have a backup. It would have been nice  if it had some additional functionality there, but it didnt happen. I also like that you can charge it on the stand OR with a regular USB connection from one of many chargers most of us tech geeks have sitting around the house already. The only other complaint, that wont bother most people, is that there doesnt seem to be any way to connect this to my cell phone, which is a feature I used and loved on my old headset daily! Adding to the confusion is that for some reason, Microsoft went with Bluetooth connectivity on their controllers for the newest consoles, but didnt do it on the headsets. Huh? If it had these two couple of features, this would be the perfect headset. as it stands,  you get outstanding sound quality AND comfort, but you wont get some of the additional bells and whistles that would have put this in a league of its own.
FINALLY a wireless headset for Xbox. Great surround sound and chat.
These are super comfortable. I got the Steel Series 840s and returned them and bought these instead. Sound is great, the mic isnt as bad as everyone is saying. I would have had to upgrade my soundcard with the Steel Series to get 7.1 anyway. You only need USB on these to get it. Only thing I dont like is that there is no Bluetooth.
I was reluctant to buy this headset because of all the negative reviews on nearly every website about the mic. I saw almost nothing but complaints except on one lone Reddit thread where someone explained you simply needed to update the firmware. Using it out of the box on your Xbox may result in a poor quality mic, so download Astro Command Center from astrogaming.com, connect your base station to your PC, flip the switch to PC, plug in the headset, and it will prompt you to update the firmware. There are multiple settings for the mic in Command Center. Here is a link to a YouTube video I found of someone reviewing the Xbox model with recorded examples of the various mic settings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuwJ7aHw0i4 After watching this, I decided on HOME > AIRY. When you change this setting, or any other settings, you MUST click Sync to Device to save these settings in the headset for use on Xbox. Ive been testing various mics/headsets on the Xbox lately. I have an old 5.1 A40 model with a mixamp, a newer A40 model with the silver Mixamp M80, the standard Microsoft Xbox headset, a Plantronics headset, and the Turtle Beach Stealth 600 headset. The old mixamp for the 5.1 A40 went bad which caused a lot of mic static. The new A40 model wasnt surround sound, but I never had any complaints about the mic. The standard Microsoft Xbox mic constantly picked up air noise from my ceiling fan (even on low), the Plantronics mic was horrendous, and the Turtle Beach Stealth 600 mic was excellent. Ive been searching for a quality surround sound headset for a long time that could be used on both Xbox and PC that had a decent mic. This is absolutely it. Feedback from gamers online indicates the Turtle Beach Stealth 600 mic is ever-so-slightly better than this mic, but they can hear me clearly and perfectly with this mic. The headset does not have a mute button - you have to flip the boom mic almost completely vertical to mute the mic. You can tell its muted either by the sudden lack of sidetone, or if you disable your sidetone, you can kinda feel the mic slip into place after a bit of resistance flipping it up. The speakers for voice chat (VOIP) sound like dedicated speakers, separate from the speakers for game and other audio. On the PC, this requires Astro Command Center to function (the headset will show up as two different headsets in your Sound settings under Playback Devices - you must set one as the Default and the other as the Default Communications, and you can tell which is which because one icon will have a boom mic). The degree of control between game audio and voice audio is excellent. Game/other audio sounds incredible. It perfectly fulfills what Ive been searching for since my original A40 mixamp went bad. The degree of control with the equalizer settings in Command Center is outstanding. You can also export/import your settings/levels with Command Center, including the advanced equalizer for those more knowledgeable with frequency and sound bandwidth. The directional sound is magnificent. A number of other gamers have indicated they can pinpoint the source of noises (footsteps, etc.) with Windows Sonic or Dolby Atmos on stereo headsets, but I have never been able to. I dont use Windows Sonic or Dolby Atmos with this headset, and I have exacting precision with this now. I work from home and am on the phone through my work computer a majority of the day. There is constantly distracting noise outside, and this headset does a great job blocking out exterior noises. Command Center does require administrator rights to install, so if this is a limitation for you on a work device, be aware. But after using this headset for 8 hours straight for work, then gaming for 3 hours after, I have had zero issues with the battery life or the sound quality diminishing. The Command Center has a battery life indicator, as well as the base station, both when charging and when the headset is in use. The features indicate 15 hour battery life, but even with those 11-hour-straight uses, I have yet to drop below 70%. I am sure, however, this will diminish a bit over time. Additionally, it never became uncomfortable during these long uses. I have larger ears, which was another turnoff to the various other headsets Ive owned. The ear cups on this headset are consistent with other Astro models in their generous size and are quite comfortable during even long uses. Other reviews have a few notes about placing the headset in the base to charge, indicating a bit of minor frustration or inconsistency. Ive not had any issues with it outside of when Im in a rush, but Ive learned how to quickly seat it properly my first attempt. Hold it by the center of the headband, place the right earpiece in its spot, and gently drop the left earpiece into its spot, and it should seat perfectly every time. The only three cons, which seem minor/inconsequential, are the sidetone vs. mics noise cancellation and the length of the earpiece extenders from the headband. My room is constantly hot, so I constantly have my ceiling fan on. I have to have sidetone in my headset, otherwise I have a difficult time talking. The mic seems to pick up air from the fan constantly, as I hear wind rushing all the time through my headsets sidetone. HOWEVER, the noise cancellation somehow seems to prevent noise from going through voice chat. I keep Party Overlay activated on my Xbox, and even when hearing this noise through sidetone, my voice-indicator never pops up, and people online have indicated they never hear the noise, either - even when I am speaking. I have a fairly large/tall head, hence my big ears. I have to fully extend the sides of the headset to fit on my head. This has always been the case for the Astro headsets (all models of this style all seem to be the same size). If your ears are fairly low on your head, or if you have a fairly tall head, it is possible this could cause an issue. However, just about any gamer whos used this style headset - even those who say they have larger heads - have always said it fits very comfortably, so the likelihood of this being an issue is incredibly slim. Price. $300. Three hundred smackaroos. Some may feel this is a laughable point to make. For others, this may make this headset feel incredibly inaccessible. For those of the latter mind, if you are someone who takes good care of headsets/electronics and youre looking for a quality surround sound gaming headset, save up for these. It will absolutely be worth it, in my opinion.
Geat headset, but mine came defective so Amazon is going to replace it with a gift card when I return it. Feels like the older models in terms of sound quality. Theyve added some interesting features like detachable ear cuffs. Not a fan of 5GHz because a walk around the house with it, and the signal degrades very easily. For best performance you must be in direct line of site to the charger base/transmitter. Other than that I dont have any complaints about this headset or even the older model for that matter. Had one for over 3 years before the battery went. Im sure it can be refurbished, but I just wanted a new one.
Good headset, long battery life. Charging is finicky. It has to sit just right to charge. Random 3 second sound drop outs once or twice in a 4 hour period, might be signal interference or issue with input volume or something.
Been using these for about a month. Overall very happy. No issues with connection, charging etc. I did experience the robotic voices one time, reset the pc and it never happened again. Sound quality and surround are great. Mic could be better but its still good. My only real problem is that the "game" mode doesnt work so i have to game in voice mode. Works fine, just curious why there is a game mode of i cant use it.
So i bought my first astros like a year or two ago when the gen 2 was the only thing out about a week after my return expired the gen 3 came out for the exact same price i never felt so ripped off in my life. If you do plan on getting a good astro make sure its a gen 3 xbox one astro.
While these are a bit pricey, the quality is great. The only thing they can improve on the the charge base. You cant just drop it on there you need to carefully line up the contacts with the metal pins. Other than this, the headset was easy to set up and is the best headset ivebowned.
I really like the product, awesome headset, in my opinion the best in the market, why 4 stars? well, personal issues I think, I used for the last 4 years a A50 Gen 1 and Im very used to the mic feedback to hear my own voice when party chat on xbox one, this also have this capability but compared to my previous headset the feedback volume is not that high and im used to a higher volume ( I already tried to raise the volume on the astro command center). Thats my only issue, personal issue just because Im very used to the previous model, overall everything else is an upgrade.
I would have rated it 5 stars.  But every time I want to use the microphone in a game, I must unplug the power and then plug it back in after I launch the game.  Otherwise my teammates wont be able to hear me.  Other than that its an excellent product.
Could be alittle better for the price but overall high quality. Great build, great sound, very comfortable. Wish they had more color options and a different way to mute the mic. Moving it up and down to mute and un mute seems like a good way to ruin the tension on the mic and have it get loose.
Performed as expected
very helpfull and people love it when i show it to them.
Excellent product, I love it.
This my second set of a50s. I had the prior generation that required a wire to be run from the headset to the controller and required a micro usb wire be plugged into it when charging. These are completely wireless and you just put them on the docking station to charge them. I bought the turtle beach 800 elites and returned them because of mic issues and the fact they werent as good as the astros imo. These headphones sound excellent and the chat quality is very good. My only 2 gripes are that there is no headphone input to listen to music and that there isnt a mute button on headset like turtle beach headsets. You have to flip up the mic to mute these. These are expensive but worth the $$$. They only seem to drop in price during holidays as a lightning deal if you want to wait and keep checking. If you buy these you should buy a50 mod kit for $40 that gives you black leather ear cups and a headband cushion.
Hands down the greatest mic i have ever used the sound is absolutely amazing but when you get the headset make sure you update the firmware and mess with your microphone settings on astro command center so you dont sound like you are talking through a can i recommend this headset to anybody who can afford this
(From an XBox One gamer)  In a nutshell, this is an awesome headset.  This is the third gaming headset Ive had in the past few years (Tritton A720, Turtle Beach Stealth 500x) and is easily the best of the bunch for several reasons.  Build quality seems top notch, they feel completely solid with nothing on the headset feeling "cheap".  Things I like about this headset: 1. Setup is stupid easy.  Plug the base into your Xbox, put headset on base to pair, done. 2. Controls/Switches make sense and are easy to use. One complaint about the Stealth 500x I had was the presets, there were way to many (20) and it was hard to remember what was what.  The A50s are more simplistic, three presets with a 3 position selector switch, I love that. 3. Comfort, my primary reason for buying these. My last headset hurt my ears after wearing them for a few hours.  I have probably 20-30 hours on the A50s and they are beyond comfortable.  This is of course specific to the user, for me theyre perfect. 4. Base Station.  No more cables to charge, just sit the headset on the base station when not using. Easy. 5. 100% wireless.  Stealth 500x was a fully wireless headset, after using them for a couple years it would be hard to go back to using any cables. Cons? After using these for a while I can honestly say the only thing I preferred on the 500x was that they had a voice mute button.  The mic flipping to mute the A50s is ok, but I think I prefer just hitting a button on the side of the headset.  One positive to mic flipping to mute is that I dont forgot Im on mute since I can tell when the mic is in the mute/un-mute position.  Not really a con, but this is the only thing on the A50s I was "meh" on. A little pricey, $299 is a lot to drop on a headset. After using these I can say Im not disappointed to have spent that much as I find them to be exactly what I want in a headset.  I cant honestly see myself looking for a new headset anytime soon.
I did not buy this from amazon I bought it directly from Astro gaming, because I got a 5 percent discount that got me 15 bucks off from a youtuber that I follow. With that being said all I have ever owned is turtle beach headsets. My last two headsets were the stealth 500x and the elite 800x, so this was my first astro gaming headset purchase. This headset by far is the best headset I have used. I also purchased the mod kit for this that gives you a leather headband and leather ear cups, that completely cancel out any outside noise. This headset sounds amazing and the mic works great, which is something i absolutely hated about the elite 800x. The mic on that headset sounded terrible, and I had two different ones. The only complaint i have about the headset is the sidetone (mic monitoring). With the mod kit you can barely hear yourself unless you have the volume on the headset cranked way up, then the game sounds are just to loud. Im sure they will be coming out with an update which will adjust this a little. This issue alone is not enough for me to knock off a rating star for.  I mainly only play call of duty and i am absolutely loving this headset.
Has a different sound stage than I am accustomed to and it took a while for my brain to adjust to it. However it is very accurate in portraying positioning information to you which I do like. Not enough bass for me but the reduction of lower frequencies help with game play
Great quality headset. The microphone is alittle iffy at first but you can plug the base station into your computer and adjust the microphone. I think most people with microphone issues do not do this. Also the disconnection issues, I’ve never had any yet. Also I live away from others with no neighbors and interference. I believe some people had issues with connectivity because of interference with other surrounding networks. You won’t be disappointed with the build quality. I still do believe that this headset should be priced around $200-$250.
This is my 2nd pair of a50s and let met tell you. This generation is the best yet. The only negative is that it can be picky about when you put it back on the charger. It prefers to be put on the charger and then turn off the xbox and youll be fine.
Love the wireless feature and sound quality. You need to move the headset around to make a connection for charging.  Would be easier if the cable plugged into the headset for charging.
Good headset. Got tired of my turtle beaches breaking for no reason so I tried these. Theyre pretty good, comfortable to wear with glasses on, they dont lay my hair down as much as other headsets. Sound is good nothing amazing I can tell what direction footsteps are coming from, but no easy way to turn up the bass. Battery life is really good though it easily last 16 hours of fortnite. My one problem with it is if someone is using your 5ghz wifi the headset will make a popping noise and cut out pretty often, I fixed this by disabling my 5ghz network. If I ever need to buy a headset again I will get wired astros.
Coming from a Gen 2 Halo edition A50 headset I find this new Gen 3 version to have more pros then cons. Completely wireless, Crisper sound, Mod kit ready, Dolby Button built onto the headset, Astro Command center for customization and the Charging base is great! Overall 5/5 rating from me I am very happy with my purchase. No problems so far
pretty ok, a bit pricy for what they are in my opinion.
Great sound from the headset. Love the fit and the customizations for the sounds, but no matter what i do with the settings Ive been told when I speak in the mic it sounds like Im talking through a tunnel.
Perfect ~ In my XBox One X, the Dolby Atmos is activated, and this A50 works on Atmos mode.
Lightweight, comfortable, hook up on the Xbox One X and download Dolby Atmos sounds are just so flawless and immersive. You will see why pro gamers choose this product over the rest
Excellent Headset. Very comfortable and totally wireless. Very cute his design. It does not hurt or clench the ear.
Love them.
Great. I love it!
Top quality product!  My son says they’re awesome!
These are great gaming headphones but they take a bit of work for the end user. I turned off dolby on the headset and bought the dolby atmos app through xbox one and it makes a world of difference. I thought these were great before but now the Atmos processing its a whole new experience. At first I kept thinking doors are opening and closing behind me to the point that I take off my headset and turn around to make sure. I think the chat sounds good if a bit muted, even when I fidget with the settings. Havent had enough chat time to make a formal statement about it though. I will say I did have lot of audio pops and disconnects at first and I was very close to returning them. But then I saw they were 5ghz channel 148-161 so I went into my router (192.168.1.1) which is right next to the A50 base, then I switched off the 5ghz broadcast all together. This has given me a week of gameplay with zero audio disconnects so far. First I tried changing the channel to one outside of the same range as the a50 headset but that only helped a little. If you are savvy enough to change your router settings Id say these are a no-brainer, if you are not then I wouldnt buy these as the sound drops are disruptive and really annoying.
Sound quality, comfort, and battery life are all excellent. I would definitely recommend setting up the Command Center app on a PC and updating the firmware if you want to get the most out of the sound because thats how you adjust the EQ settings. My only complaint, and I think a couple other reviewers also mentioned this, is the instruction guide. The way its laid out isnt easy to follow and it also isnt up to date. When I got to the Xbox headset menu, I was a very confused about which option to select because the instruction guide didnt say anything about Windows Sonic for Headphones or Dolby Atmos for headphones, which Xbox now supports. Im not taking a star off for this because once you get it up and running, you probably wont need to look at the instruction guide again, which makes this a pretty minor issue. I also got an answer to that question pretty quickly from Astrogamings support department after submitting the question on their website. Once you get passed all of that, its easy to use.
Absolutely phenomenal. Clarity, fullness, pinpointing your surroundings. Best headset Ive ever purchased.
Works great. Much better than the Astro A50 gen 1 halo edition. I used to have problems with the halo headset disconnecting the controller from the Xbox but these new ones dont have that problem since they are completely wireless from the controller now.
Mic is perfect. I had the elite 800 turtle beach and the mic sucked. Everyone said I sounded like I was in a fish tank. However the turtle beach did sound awesome and had more functions such as Bluetooth for music and phone calls while you play. But simply for gaming these a50s are much better.
Great product! I bought two different headsets (logitech g933) after a few days I was disappointed with the sound and couldnt get the software for Mac. I returned it an bought a hyper cloud 2 since it had a lot of good reviews but again it wasnt what I was looking for, it fell short on sound since I used the headset not just for gaming but for movies when is late at night and I dont want to disturb anybody but neither miss on the surround sound. So I decided to wait for the realese of the A50 gen 4. After a few days of out of stock I finally got it. It was worth all the trying on different headsets and the wait. I couldnt be happier, It surpassed my expectations and is worth every penny, while the others headsets with all the volume up were disappointing, I have to keep the A50 in the half volume. Just got the noise cancelling mod kit and it made it even better. If you got the money is the way to go for a headset!
Pros: - Great Audio Quality - Dolby & 7.1 Audio - Completely Wireless - Easy to Use - EQ Customization - Comfortable Cons: - None (So far... will update later if necessary) Ill just get it out of the way now... I love this headset. Ive never had a really good headset, so I cant speak to comparisons with other gaming sets. However, I can say these do everything I couldve asked for and then some. They are worth every penny spent, and I have enjoyed gaming even more now that every sound is amplified and heard. Right out of the box, they are super easy to setup and get rolling with. (I would suggest first going to a computer and checking for firmware updates though.) The feel is unlike any other headset Ive used. They have a great build quality and are super comfortable. They are even comfortable during long gaming sessions and while wearing glasses. Adjusting this set is really easy too. The mic is up and out of the way when you dont need it and brought down for use with ease. The sound is crisp and people say they dont hear any kind of echo even with the sound turned up loud. Being fully wireless is an absolute necessity for me now that Ive been spoiled with it. No cord. No tangles. No mess. Plugging into your computer allows you minute options to customize the sound to your liking, but dont feel like youll get overwhelmed cause you can pick presets like I did and still get a great experience. Although, I do hope they add some more presets to the options later cause there are bound to be users that pick perfect settings that Id love to be able to test out. All in all, I cant recommend these enough. Theyre just as good as other are saying, and Im so happy I made the jump. Note: Make sure you go into your audio settings on the Xbox and pick 7.1 and Dolby if you plug into the Xboxs optical out port directly. Otherwise, you might not get the full experience of the headset.
First time Astro and Ive got to say I am blown away by the quality and design of this headset! Ive never owned something that gets me this excited to use my Xbox. Off the bat, this headset is 100% Wireless! No cords no cables no thing! It simply connects to a USB port on your Xbox and thats it, itll automatically pair to your Xbox and then youll have to change two settings in your audio output section on your Xbox. The microphone is out of this world! Its so crisp so clear and can pick up your voice perfectly, which puts away the days of others not being able to hear what I say. These feel and look amazing, they truly do. The sound of this headset is what just wins me over day after day. I cant even turn it up to its max volume because itll just hurt my ears from the intensity! So if youre wondering whether or not this will be loud enough? Trust me it will. Im an avid audiophile, I had a great sound system in my car and would love to turn it up as loud as I could possibly get it so Im not sensitive to loudness in case you were wondering. I absolutely love the bass and immersion you get from these, you will not be disappointed. Not only can choose from 3 already great presets, but you can customize each one to your specific liking. Out of the box youll need to update your firmware which isnt really a huge problem, I had. Mac and it was really simple. Once updated, the headset will work great with whatever it is being paired up to! I will update later on to see how it is over time!
My only dislike is the charging setup.  One has to be very careful for the unit to charge.  Just placing the headset into the charger doesnt always work.  One has to jiggle it around a bit until the charge light come on. Other than that the headset has been excellent.  Long battery life.  Extremely clear audio.  Very good mic. This is my third Astro headset and while Ive never been disappointed, this is by far the best ever.
Excellent Product!! Excellent Seller!!
Freaking awesome, I cannot tell you how much I love  these!  Sound quality is on point, love the battery life, love the setup, love everything about it.
My son loves them and has not had any issues so far. Impressed!
The wireless headset is awesome. But for $300.00 it should be top of the line. The only problem I have experienced Is that sometimes the in-game sound disconnects... for no reason at all. I have contacted support and might be just my settings. Has anyone else been having same issues. If so pass along the fix.
I have used Astro A40 wired headsets for over 8 years. After 5 or 6 years my first set went bad and I tried tortoise beach as a cheap replacement.  Took them back after 2 days and bought my 2nd Astro A40 wired. Loved them even more than the first set after trying TB. Bought my kid a set of Tbs and they were garbage in my opinion but he was just happy to have them. My wife vacuumed up my cords on my 2nd Astro A40 set and again I tried TB stealth 700 and they were completely wireless but sounded like trash still so I returned same day. I was hesitant to try wireless after all the bad reviews on any brand. My TB stealth 700 had great wireless connection so I sprung for the Astro A50 gen 3 after I returned TB stealth 700 for poor sound quality. I cannot express HOW great the Astro A50s are. Never trying TB again regardless how much cheaper. My A50 has great wireless connection. Great sound quality, better comfort etc etc. The Tbs Prather ear cuffs were too small and made my head sweat. I can wear Astros all day long. Even if they werent as comfortable I would deal with it for the better sound quality of Astro
Feels like wearing two clouds over your ears, So comfortable! Even fell asleep a couple of times while wearing them.
First I just wanna say that the packaging is amazing, Ive had the A40s as well and Astro is known for their packaging. This is a "Gaming Headset", Ive used the ATH-700 and the M50X and IMO they just arent for gaming. Dont get me wrong they sound good but from my experience with Astros they(Astros) sound the best for gaming. At first I was very hesitant to get another pair of Astros, mainly because the "Wireless" situation. I can say I was very surprised, at first glance they just didnt look comfortable at all. I can assure you that this headset is very comfortable even hours of use. I wear glasses and there was no fatigue that I was feeling when playing on PC. I got the Xbox version because the Xbox One X is coming out but I mainly game on PC. The range on these could be better but you get what you get, theyre wireless and I for one expect drop outs or it sometimes completely going out, that hasnt happened to me yet but Im sure it will. Now I did get a bit of interference when I got up to go to the kitchen, I could still hear everything on Resident Evil 7 but I was getting a static interference the further I got from it. Sound  These sound amazing, I was able to locate many players while playing PUBG, foot steps are clear and I could tell when someone was in a house with me or even nearby. Even gunshots sound so much better on this headset, I was amazed at the sound but I really like it. When firing your weapon it sounds as if youre actually shooting a weapon up close. You get that loud noise and I could still find where footsteps were coming from because I had enemy players all around me. This was all with Dolby 7.1 on. So the directional soundstage is very pleasing. The charge cradle is pretty easy to use, just line the headset up with the prongs and a magnet will pull them in and keep them there until your next use. The battery life is pretty good on these, that wont be an issue even with long sessions. I got 14 hours from one full charge and that included me setting them down which when you set these down they turn off after 15-20 seconds of no use. The mic is okay, they didnt really focus on the Mic quality at all but it is still good enough for gaming. I know not many people like the quality of the mic but its just for gaming, not recording or anything like that. Which I didnt expect it to sound like an AT2020, so I wasnt very surprised with the quality. I will update after a month. All I can say is if youre a true gamer or even a beginner and want a good wireless headset, then Id get these. Some might find issues with them but I can honestly say this is my favorite headset for gaming. Just make sure when you buy them to register both the cradle and the headset serial numbers and download the software to update the firmware.
Sometimes the right side speaker cuts out and getting it sit correctly on the charger can sometimes be a pain, otherwise it is an excellent headset, sound quality is also top notch
Amazing quality!
this is hands down the best xbox one mic i have ever used. The sound quality has always been amazing on astro products and the external mic is a MUST. i tried turtle beach elite 800xs and the mic quality just sucked so hard! with the new a50s the quality is crisp and clear. one thing does concern me though....support. i would say buy the extended warranty plan because astro does have the habit of getting out of warranty repairs from past experiences. Pros: 1. sound quality 2. it has the typical astro boom mic. there is a firmware update for the unit headset/base that fixes mic issues. some may not need it if its a later batch but to do the firmware update be sure to download the astro command center software...there is no stand alone firmware as of me editing this review to add more info...that may change but right now the firmware gets pulled down via the software so to install it you need to install the command software first which is located on their site. its simple really: a. flip the power switch on the headset on and place it into the base station. b. flip the switch on the side of the base station to "pc" mode and connect the usb to the pc running the astro software. c. the software will auto detect the firmware and download the latest version and install it just follow the prompts and your all set :). 3. customizable sound using the software (havent played around with that yet because i didnt have time but its nice to know the feature is there. the default settings work just fine for me though). People have mentioned lowering the mic levels down from 100% to 80%. i didnt have to do this but i also dont scream when playing eso. some people do. 4. battery life is pretty good. enough for a long stint of gameplay unless your a hardcore 24 hour binge player. I get about 10-13 hours of gameplay per charge without music only voice. with low music playing via pandora and chat being used i get closer to 8-10 hours or play. with music up loud and listening to trance/techno/electronic music which has very high highs and very low lows almost all of the time i get around 7-8 hours of play before i have to charge it again. it all depends on what eq you use and how much bass/volume lvl. the max numbers come from no sound only voice obviously. Cons: 1. the headband kinda leaves a mark in your head if worn for long periods of time. if the padding was wider this wouldnt happen as much if at all because the load is spread out more but stro likes using the thin rigid padding in their headbands for some reason. 2. the base station only works for 2 devices...so the ps4 one only works with a ps4 and a pc. the xbox one version works for only the xbox one and pc. i saw on the forums that they are looking into selling the base stations separately so a ps4 player doesnt need another $300 headset just to play on an xbox one and vice versa but nothing has been set in stone yet. im pretty sure they could have made 1 base that works with both consoles but they would make as much money if they did all that. 3. the mic isnt technically mutable. yes i know turning the mic up to the off position is technically a way to mute the mic but i liked that my a40s had a button on the cable that let me just quickly mute my mic. this is incredibly helpful when your about to bust out in a laughing fit or even a sneezing fit and no one wants to hear you coughing  sneazing or anything else into the mic. I know when i sneeze it comes so fast its hard to move my hand mid battle to gently flip my mic up. i say gently because i dont want another warranty issue with astro about what they think i did to my a40s right mic port.
Ok so I was hesitant on getting these just because of all the bad reviews. But let me share some info. Most of the complaints are with it cutting in and out, this is because your 5ghz wifi can interfer with the headset. Astro uses channels between 145 and 165. If you change your router channel to something outside of the range you will not have any issues. They are so so so easy to set up compared to a pair I got years ago. For the price I am a little upset that they do not come with the "mod kit" with the leather but thats not a huge deal. Over all sound quality is great. My complaint with this headset is if you are using the mic any sort of air movement will make it sound like you are in a hurricane. I mean if I have a fan on in the bedroom on the other side of the house you can tell. But besides that its amazing! To charge is super simple. I recommend this headset!
I am a sucker for premium gaming equipment. I actually made the switch from a pair of Turtle Beach Elite 800x to the Astro A50 wireless headset. I feel like the Astros are light, they sit comfortable, I love being able to mute the mic by flipping it into an upright position, it is easy to adjust the Game Volume/Chat. All in all its a purchase I dont regret. The only thing I would like to see in the future is app support via cell phone like the Elite 800x has. The sound quality is great, but could be better in regards to more powerful bass. I use this headset for both Xbox One & PC gaming Pros- Comfortable Easy to use Wireless charging a major plus Cons- Costly (but worth it) No App Support via cell phone Could use a little more powerful bass
These headphones are superior. Get the leather parts too. These headphones are absolutely incredible. I have high level turtle beach and lots of other headphones. These are the best by far. Its worth the money.
This headset is amazing it sound very pristine. I get into a match of r6 and the announcer sounds like god! They are very comfortable. NOW why I gave it 4 stars is because is sometimes has connection issues with the dock station. And and up having to restart my xbox.
Great sound
One of the best headsets ive ever used. Definitly worth the price. Amazing sound quality and if youre playing something, they are really good at noise canceling. There was a shooting next door and i hadnt heard anything!
Good headset. Had an Issue where the device would not turn on... If you have this issue >>> To anyone having problems like this with this TOP OF THE LINE UNIT, DONT PANIC. 99% of the time a HARD RESET fixes all. - 1) Turn off headset. 2) Hold down the Dolby Digital 7.1 button + The "Game" side button on the right ear cup. *Hold for 15 seconds or until LIGHT TURNS ON. This has fixed my headset everytime when thus problem occurs.
The sound is great, the accompanying software and its options are great (you can decide how much sidetone you want), the wireless is great, the charging station is great, the ability to plug my phone into aux and take calls is great, the removable ear cups is great (especially for cleaning), and the comfort is great. I had Gen 1 A50s before these and I heard great things. Took the plunge and I am impressed. Only complaint is that they do not come with the leather cups, but luckily I nabbed these and the leather ears on sale.
LIT ASF BOI
Its worth the money
Sound great, tough to balance on charger and charge.  We need up using cable normally.  Work well, but Very pricey.
ufff i love that headset the best for me!!! sow confortable, the sound quality very good , ant the experience playing games with this headset its unreal
After trying several different headsets, I landed on the Astro A50s, and I couldnt be more satisfied! The ones that I purchased are the Generation 3 Astro A50s for the Xbox One. At first, I tried the Turtle Beach Earforce Elite 800xs, which worked well but were very sensitive to the touch. They had sound options on the ear pieces and at times, when wearing them and leaning against the couch, they would change a few of the settings. Furthermore the battery life was less than stellar. So I returned them to Amazon and replaced them with the SteelSeries Siberia 840 (which had BlueTooth). These were good for a few days but once I got into a party chat with a few friends, their was a distinct echo. So I sent these back as well. I had always contemplated picking up Astros but honestly didnt think they were worth $300. However, I decided to go for it and try them out. They are well worth the price! I love the surround sound and Dolby Digital options. They also have several preset sound setting options, which can be adjusted through the Astro Command Center when you connect it to your PC. You can change a bunch of other options as well (i.e.: side tone levels, mic levels, etc) which is very useful! The best part? They do NOT require any chat adapter. It is completely wireless! I love this as I dont have to be tethered to my controller. The battery life is outstanding! I can probably play up to 12-14 hours nonstop! Though I dont normally play that long, it definitely is better than having to worry about them running out of juice. The charging base station is good, albeit at times a little finicky when putting the headset back on the base and making sure it is, in fact, charging. It gives a good readout on the front panel to show you it is charging, how many bars (there are 4 total - 1 bar = ~25% charge) are currently on the headset and whether it is connected via Xbox or PC (red for Xbox, white for PC). Now the reason why I only gave it 4 stars. At times, it can have a little interference, probably through the wireless channel.  However, that might be due to its proximity to my wireless router. I havent tried moving it yet. Finally, the boom mic is a little bit sensitive and I would encourage getting the following windscreen: Compete Audio LS35 replacement windscreen (2-pack) for use with Lightspeed headsets https://www.amazon.com/dp/B016WRSG3C/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apip_Q5vO7WXGytu3o Overall, Im VERY impressed with this headset. I also picked up the noise isolating mod for the A50s, which really closes off all sound and truly brings out the base! I would definitely recommend this product!
Did a lot of reaserch on headsets before deciding to shell out the money on one. The astro a50 is exactly what I expected it to be and honestly performs well above its price point
This is the fourth product Ive purchased from Astro through the years. I love the A50s the sound is great and the mic quality has always been decent. Ive seen many reviews of people discrediting the mic quality of Astro headsets, calling them subpar or terrible. Ive never had a problem with them and nobody has ever pointed out my voice quality as being bad. You dont need a studio microphone to talk to your friends while youre raiding on Destiny, or whatever game it is that you play. People expect too much, I think.
Below is my original Review. I contacted support and they RMAed the headset with very little questions asked. The new headset barely ever needs to be reset. I still dont like that they switched to 5Ghz as it impacts the range greatly. Other than that, best headset on the market. Hands down. This headset is just a good as the Gen 1 version other than a fatal flaw. The GEN1 version has much longer range and does not disconnect except for very rare occurances(maybe 2-3 times in several years). The GEN3 version randomly disconnects. The headset is in the same room as my router so I had to disable the 5Ghz wireless network just to get it to not drop connection every few minutes. I also tried installing a sound card to use DTS to connect the whole thing like support says. No dice. Aside from the times when I need to reset the headset(maybe once a week to once a month), I lose connection for a few seconds every night when I am playing. It probably averages about once an hour which is down from once a few minutes when I first got them. They are an utter disappointment compared to the GEN1 version of this headset.
great sound in all my games and do last a wile if you have a full charge. a big problem is getting them to sit correctly in the cradle to charge. mic picks up every sound which my friends say is clear and understandable. ease you use when adjusting voice to game mix sound. only downside is they have no noise cancel and even with the mod kit which is leather ear pads that roast your head and cause you to sweat like a banshee still not that great on noise reduction.
Only giving 4 stars because I wish you could customize EQ settings on the Xbox
I love this headset! After reading through the reviews and learning of all the issues people were having with this headset, whether it was disconnecting randomly, or just not connecting in general, I was skeptical if I should make the purchase. After having these for almost a month, I have not once experienced any of the problems people were saying they were having with the headset. I’m sure most people who have seen issues have had the headset for much longer than a month, so maybe it’s just a time thing, but I will happily update this post if I experience any of the issues. What I love about this headset Is that it is very comfortable. The cups don’t even touch my ears, the headband sits nicely on top of my head without any pains. The sound quality is amazing, and to my surprise, the mic quality really isn’t that bad. Hearing my voice through the side tone, I can say that it sounds crisp and clear, and not fake or muffled. I absolutely love not having a chat cable. Just join a party, flip down the mic and talk. Overall, I have no complaints about this headset, and I would recommend this headset to anyone wanting to upgrade to a pair of Astro’s.
Great product
Absolutely worth the money. Extremely comfortable, great sound quality, and the battery life its fantastic.
Great headset, Ive had many Astro products over the years and they never disappoint. Its really nice to have wireless earphones and wireless chat. No cords is so great! Only issue, is that the USB cable it comes with it not good, and audio cuts out every once and a while for a second. Its been talked about online quite a bit and the fix is to just use a better USB cable purchased somewhere else.
Was skeptical after reading some of the reviews, but Im glad I ordered these anyways. Being completely wireless is awesome
It is a good head set but you need to restart Xbox if mic does not work if it does work DO NOT TURN OFF THE HEAD SET just Leave it on
I went through turtle beach Tritons and this has to be the best I own easy quick set up amazing technology u get busy and leave the area n oops u forget to turn them off to keep ur battery life well no worries after 30 sec it will go on stand off mode the sound of these are amazing especially in bf1 and forza makes u fill like ur in the driver seat I would recommended these to anyone that loves gaming and is a big into sound n technology.
Comfort: 5 Stars Sound: 5 Stars Mic: 4 Stars Ease of Setup and Use: 4 Stars Noise Cancellation: N/A Versatility: 2 Stars Battery life: 5 Stars Durability: 4 Stars Price: 3 Stars
ASTRO Gaming A50 Wireless is better for me. XD
About Astro A50
They are one of the best headphones Ive ever had for xbox. Little to no problems with them except they have very little range. Once i leave my room they are disconnected.
Excellent Product. Shipping was fast, it only took two days. Headphones are really comfortable and the surround sound is great.
Liked these way more than the Sennheisers I tried (with no amp) Great sound/bass, adjustable settings (equalizer), true full wireless with 15hr battery life, yes please! Only complaint is that theyre kind of heavy, and they dont dock/charge perfectly every time (sometimes you have to redock) Also, game chat doesnt work on Destiny, but thats because of settings on Bungies side
Sound quality is amazing. My only qualms are that the headset cannot hold a charge of left OFF the docking station. This is a letdown when Im gone for 2 days, come back and theyre dead from just sitting on my desk. And no, they were not left on. Also, i find that the connection between the charging station and the headset to be very touchy. I sometimes have to jiggle them around for 5 minutes before they finally start charging...
100/100
Ill keep this short and simple. If you want amazing theater quality sound that fits on your head without ANY wires to get in the way, buy these. Its that simple. Best headset Ive ever owned.
The best headset Xbox one has to offer! Love them. Ive had Turtle Beach XO Fours, XO Sevens and 420X and the sound is superior on th A50s. Also very comfortable.  Also purchased the mod kit and the sound canceling is very impressive for FPS games.
best headset i’ve had by far! earlier “wireless” astro headsets i’ve had i was discouraged to find out i had to go purchase a separate adapter just to play on my xbox one. this one is as advertised, actually wireless. it has a button specifically to change if you’re connecting to a PC or xbox. the sound is clear as day. there is no cord to get frayed and overused to affect my quality of sound and ability to chat. charging base is SO convenient. a little touchy sometimes to get my headset on there quiet right, but i never come back to a dead headset the next day. it doesn’t appear to charge if you forget to turn your headset off ( the light will won’t switch to charging color to let you know), which is really nice and convenient. headset fits snugly and comfortably. all around perfect
Love these headsets, Ive been with Astro for many years and they never fall short. While expensive; youre better off making the investment now and preventing yourself from buying these sub $100 headsets every year like most do. I had the a40s for many years before upgrading to the a50s and I loved those to death, but the wires ended up becoming an annoyance, and my cats kept eating the wires so I thought I would give the a50s a shot and I wasnt disappointed. The sound, much like the a40s are amazing for things like games and movies, the cloth cushions and overall comfort of the headset create an environment that is open and prevents you from feeling like youre in a fish bowl like most other headsets that have the large "leather" pads and tight clamping force. On cinematic games like assassins creed you can hear dogs barking like there down the street from your house, and people talking as if you were walking past them yourself, everything is crispier with these and I think its because they dont go overboard with the bass which seems to give many headsets a low hum to voices and overall everything thats around you and it makes it seem like your in a fish bowl. Again, that may be good for music, but for games, and movies I dont particularly want that, but believe me explosions will catch your attention to say the least. The wireless connection has been absolutely flawless for me, Ive noticed most people get these headsets and plug them in right away and wonder why somethings not working right . Astros arent plug and play, you have to tweak the settings, and get things setup right the first time so you dont have problems in the future. This means plugging them into the computer and updating the firmware, If theyre problems with the headset Astro will most likely release a firmware update to fix it. When I got mine they had the original release firmware, and needed to be updated. After doing so I will say Ive never had a single problem with the headset, no connection drop, nothing. Since we are on the topic, I love the wireless feature and dont see myself going back to wired anytime soon, when you have a "battle station" where you work, play games, and even watch your favorite TV show, something little like not having to worry about being anchored down to the table makes a worlds difference. You can get up, move around, kick back and not worry about the wires ripping out the headset and disrupting that environment I was talking about earlier. Battery life is more than good, people can argue that another headset can give you another hour or whatever, but Ive used these things for a full day and theyve never died on me, so I think youll be good. Mic is more than good for what I use it for, friends dont complain, and it doesnt pick up outside noises and its easy to mute. Overall cant say enough good things about these headsets, they are expensive but well worth the price, and will probably be something you use for many years down the road. If you are deciding between these and the a40trs I would say that if you usually just game at your desk, and you dont care for wireless all that much than I think the a40s are a great option. But if you work, watch tv, and game at one place, I think they would be a great addition to a station. Also, theres something about having the top of the line headset that made the a50s appealing to me, but hey, if youre gonna be a bear, be a grizzly right?
Love this headset.
I enjoy the headset. However the audio tends to cut out alot, its usually not bad, but sometimes it is absolutely atrocious. Ive looked online and there seems to be no real solution to the issue. Aside from that, these are a good buy if you get them used in like new condition for half the price. I would definitely not pay the full $300 for these, I expected more from a $300 headset.
I originally bought turtle beaches 800x, and while the Bluetooth was cool, they weighed three pounds and have l gave me such an intense pressure headache. I could barely stand to wear those ones longer than thirty minutes, but Astros A50s I barely feel! Theyre so light and so comfy, and as a bonus they fit over all of my ear piercings, even my industrial! I would recommend these to anyone, and am so pleased that I can wear them without even having to put them on the largest setting! I promise you wont regret this headset, its worth every dollar!
By far the most comfortable gaming headset Ive ever owned.  Ive tried numerous different gaming headsets including those from SteelSeries, Sennheiser, and Turtle Beaches. These A50s produce an astounding sound. My Gaming/Streaming sessions can last up to 12 hours at a time, this headset is comfortable the entire time with no sore spots on ears or head. People with big ears will especially find this headset to be very comfortable as there is plenty of ear room with zero pressure put on them. Besides having great sound quality and great comfort, this headset lasts. This is the second pair ive bought. The first pair I had for 3+ years. This headset is durable and can with stand being dropped and normal wear and tear accidents. Although, this headset is not Puppy Proof. Which is why I was forced to buy another headset, my puppy ate my first pair. When I was forced to buy a new headset, I decided to branch out a bit to try another brand since I already knew Astros were top notch. I wanted to see if there was maybe another headset just as good, if not better. Well, was that a mistake. No other headset was even close to comparable. After returning those other, just as expensive headsets, I bought my second pair. I dont think I can ever get another headset.
Pros: They sound great. The battery lasts FOREVER. Cons: Occasionally on XBOX boot, I have to unplug and replug the USB cable. Otherwise the XBOX doesnt detect the headset. The headset will occasionally lose synch with the base station in mid-conversation and begin to "digitize"(Sound like a robot). I then have to turn it off, and back on. Works fine, after. In general these things are great. Ive never had a session where they run out of power after a full charge...and I play a LOT of XBOX.
Clear sound, mike works great!
When we needed a new headset I decided we needed to go all out. I was tired of having to replace lower end headsets all the time, and if we were going to go for a more expensive one, why go totally wireless. Weve had it since the beginning of January and have never had any problems with it.  Some bad reviews about the mic made me a little nervous, but weve not had problems with that either. It works fine and no one else reports poor audio on their end. Since weve had no problems, we havent experienced Astros customer service or lack thereof.
I am 12 years old, and I love this headset. This review is not under Verified Purchase, because I got this for my 12th birthday. I think that I have a little older model, then this one. It took me a minute to figure out how to get this hooked up to my Xbox One S. But after about 15 minuets, it was up and running. This is an excellent headset. The sound quality is AMAZING! Its almost better then our sound bar for the TV! The range is not that far. It works best, if there are no walls in between the headset, and the receiver. It charges fine and fairly fast. About 30 minuets of charge, will last ABOUT 45 minuets to an hour. The chat works pretty well, I dont have Xbox Live, but I can still send voice messages to my friends. I would say my only complaint, is that it squeezes my head a little bit. But its not to bad, because of the nice padding. Over all, very comfy, and GREAT sound!   UPDATE!!! Out of the blue, these stopped working. I couldnt turn them off, and was worried they were broken.My dad sent an email to ASTRO and they sent us a couple of troubleshooting problems. It was a VERY FAST reply, it was Friday, and they got back to us the same day we sent the email. They told us that we should drain all the charge, and then recharge the headset until its full. I did that, and I could turn it on and off, but still no sound. I new the headset wasnt completely broken because when I turned it on and off it made a beeping sound. Other then that no sound. The videos recommended updating the headset. So we did. After pairing it to the mix-amp again, it WORKED!!!!! Just needed an update. Now its working perfectly! GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! Fast update, didnt take 5 minutes!
love them
Great sound, awesome immersion
Sounds great
Best headphones for the money!
Once you get them working the sound quality is unprecedented. I dont know, I just like that these are ridiculously expensive
The Astro a50s were my first high quality headset since my others were $50 turtle beaches and right from the beginning I noticed a big difference in sound quality and comfortability. After many long gaming sessions into the night I couldn’t even get under 50% battery life. There are a few minor issues that might bother some is the mic quality should be improved for the price, game chat does not work in destiny for Xbox, and lastly the headset needs a little wiggle to put in, but it is still easy to place and use. Lastly there is a device inside the headset that makes it shut off when placed down which is great so I don’t burn battery life when I forget to turn them off when I put them down. There is one downside to this feature which makes it shut off when not wanted such as laying down or laying back in the chair. I just wish there is an option to turn the device off inside the software on the computer. Overall the best headset I’ve ever used and owned and can’t wait for the improvements in the next generation.
It is amazing that’s it
*Short form- a great purchase and investment. Buy it. **Longer form-Having owned Gen 2 A50s for the last couple of years, Ive grown accustomed to the ease and comfort of surround sound in wireless headphone form. (I actually just gifted my Gen 2 to my neighbor, who is currently enjoying what I have experienced for the past two years.) After some research and reading through reviews on Amazon and other outlets, I decided to take the plunge in investing in the Gen 3 A50s for Xbone. As is stated in the subject heading, the Gen 3 A50s are a mostly flawless product... The positives far exceed the few negatives. The  GOOD: Just like the Gen 2, the Gen 3s are VERY easy to set up if you have basic know-how in entertainment tech. Out of the box and basically set up within 10-15 minutes. (Dialing-in to specifications, however, took some more time and became a litte annoying... more on that in a bit.) Audio is top notch, especially with Dolby Atmos... (Although Atmos is not required for surround sound.) Everything is sonically detailed, pronounced and quite accurate with 7.1 Dolby Digital. From virtual gunplay to atmospheric soundscapes, the user is taken aback for the most part in entertaining adventures of all types. Also, unlike the Gen 2s, the Gen 3s are completely wireless between the controller and the Gen 3s. Thats mostly a good thing... Mostly. The BAD- Upon initial set-up, the discovery of a negative interaction between my Kinect and the base was most unwelcome. Once the base connects to the console wirelessly, the Kinect cannot be used for voice commands. Theres a work-around that solved the issue (Switch the button in the back of the base to PC and it will desync with the console and the Kinect is useable again... Lame and annoying.) One other thing about the base... the Headphones connect to the base with magnets in order to charge the A50s. Works most of the time, until youre standing at the base for 5-10 minutes trying to line up the magnets on the A50s with the base in order to charge the device. It honestly should be a solid connection everytime. Hopefully, this issue is rectified with the Gen 4s. This is why this review downgraded the Gen 3s to 4 stars. FINAL THOUGHTS- If you can stand a few weird quirks with the headphones and base, the Astro Gen 3 A50s get a strong recommendation to invest in. Enjoy them for gaming and other entertainment applications without bothering other folks in the residence. Great stuff, Astro Gaming.
The best of the best!!!
Absolutely amazing!!! I can’t really tell the difference in the Dolby digital and atmos though. To change any setting/equalizer/update, you will need a computer.
amazing sound
Glad I got it when it was on sale.
Good product my son loves them
Really love these, I had them preordered and got them the day they were released. I have read a lot of 1 star reviews and was surprised by the amount of issues people were having. Before I hooked them up to my Xbox one I installed the firmware. Maybe that is why i havent had any major issues. The only problem I had was that my router is 2.4 and 5 signals. I had to turn the 5 off because it was interfering with the headset. After that u have had no issues. Also the battery life is crazy like 14 hours or something. Highly recommend if you have the money.
My Grand loves them
Awesome!
Absolutely best sound in gaming headphones only thing is these new Gen 3 designs could have been a lot better Design especially the magnetic charging
This headset is a great and amazing headset
These are the most incredible headsets Ive ever used.
I purchased this headset from “Bopster USA Inc” I hope I’m doing this review in the correct area for them. But if not, go check them out and save your self some $$$$$ First of all this headset is THE absolute best. Switched from the 800X by turtle beach. Was kind of sketchy on ordering a refurbished set because I didn’t want to pay that much and it be total crap. I received my A-50 3+weeks earlier than the latest expected date. So that was huge! Buuuuuut the mic had a static problem. I contacted customer service through my prime messages and they took care of the problem imidatly. I received my replacement headset even faster than my first set. So this company really cares about its customers and that should be super important to everyone looking to buy anything from anyone. Now compare to the 800X: I would buy this headset over that any day of the week. The only thing the 800’s have on the A-50’s is the presets. Everything is set up and ready to go with the 800. In a way so are the A-50’s. The A-50 comes with 3 presets, where the 800 comes with about 6 (I believe). 6 for the “game mode” feature. But! Although 3 presets may not sound like a lot, you can really take over and tweak your A-50 Astro headset just how you want. Took me a little to get used to it and finally find my sweet spot. But when I did! Man does it sound so much better than those 800’s. The Astro command center is what you’ll need to download on your computer(VERY SIMPLE TO DOWNLOAD) and there you can control all frequencies on the A-50. Mic level, pick up and all. I hope I didn’t ramble on too much. And I really hope this helps someone out there that’s on the fence about this. Pull the trigger and game better! Happy gaming   -Joshua
Nothing short of amazing!!!
hands down the best Astro has to offer well worth the money phonomial.  the best on the market dont waste your time with turtle beach these are the best..
First and foremost, they are an incredibly convenient and overall great headset, but there are some minor issues that if these are a problem for you that it may not be the best buy. 1. The battery doesnt last a full day if you have them on for whatever reason. 2. To use the Base Station like its intended for charging is the single most frustrating thing. It honestly can take me up to 3 mins just to try and get the headset PERFECTLY in the station to get it to charge. The design is so awful, its sad how bad it is. Instead of making it easy and for sure, its composed of 3 prongs 1 for the right ear and 2 for the left, and you have to line them up perfectly to get them to properly charge. Half the time it will say they are charging and not charge at all. Even with those problems I still do love these headphones. They make it so much easier to switch between my PC and Xbox, and if you are wondering THEY DO WORK WITH A PS4, they just wont work if you want to use the microphone. If all you need is a means to hear the audio from the console these will work fine. Lastly, they feel awesome on your head, you can actually forget theyre there sometimes and it is so liberating not having any wires for my chair to role over. Like I said, if you can learn to live with the problems Ive listed above, you will love these.
They work great
Very comfortable and great sound!
Easy to set up, easy to use, and comfy as ****. Sound quality is great and it had me convinced that i had a ghost in the house because the surround sound is too OP.
When I first got the headset, I was impressed. However, trying to update the firmware is a pain. The headset is very picky about being seated properly on the base. I also received quite a few "failed to download update" messages for a few hours until it finally decided to cooperate. Post update, it works great and Im really happy with the purchase, I just think Astro needs to check into their update process issues, as Ive seen from posts online that Im not the only one.
Best in its class. Great product
light and very good sound
This would have gotten 5 stars had they not randomly cut in and out at times.  They are very comfortable headphones but have a very limited range and seem to cut out very easily if you walk out of the room.  My other headphones I could walk through my whole house and not have any issues.
Pretty badass
I love these except for those strange times when the sound doesnt want to work or when I cant use my mic on backwards compatible games (like my beloved Black Ops 2 while on the Xbone).
If you combine Comfort plus AMAZING sound, plus more comfort you get the A50. I had a pair of STEALTH 500X(as well as x32, xo7) I had been a ok however after mr 500x broke in a way that  i now come to find out is the standard weak point in the headset and turtle beach blew me off i decided to try something new... I wish i would have switched over sooner ASTRO is better in every single possible way ... except the chat, you are going to have to use the Command Center and play with the chat setting so that you sound good to your party. Other than that inconvenience this headset is a must have for anyone who uses headset regularly.
This is very nice wireless gaming headset. Sound is awesome on these.
Edit: I have exchanged this pair for a new pair. After updating the firmware on the new pair, those work as expected. No substantive connection issues exist, and the headset is enjoyable to use. Im giving it only 4 stars due to the kerfuffle. Luckily Amazons return policy is quite painless. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ultimately this headset was disappointing in a few ways. The sound quality is good, the mic quality it good, unfortunately connection issues completely overshadow those positives, leaving me thoroughly dissatisfied with the product. I havent used it to record anything which I could listen back to, but friends tell me that the quality of the mic is good. As far as sound, Im not enough of an audiophile to really give you a qualified review on how this stacks up against other premium headsets. All I can say is that it sounds consistently clearer than the other 20-30 dollar headsets Ive purchased in the past. (Although, not by enough to warrant purchasing this solely on the strength of the sound alone in my opinion. Honestly if you want to listen to music the Senheiser 202s I picked up on sale for like $25 or whatever get close enough to this headset that I really couldnt justify the extra $275.) The real reason you purchase these is for a hassle free, quality gaming experience. So lets talk about that. The headset arrived totally intact, with no damage at all from shipping. I unpacked the headset and followed the instructions. (Which to their credit were short, direct and very straightforward.) only to hear nothing out of the Astros. After a few power cycles on both the xbox one x and the headset however, sound did finally emerge from the cans. To my great relief, I wouldnt have to RMA them. However, the friends in my xbox live party couldnt hear me. No amount of power cycling seemed to solve the issue. I had to unplug the base station from the xbox one, and upon plugging it back in, the headset was discovered and everyone could hear me perfectly. This issue continues to be a problem. One out of perhaps every 3 or 4 times I turn on the xbox, the headsets mic wont be detected and I wont be able to communicate with my team. The only solution is disconnecting and reconnecting the usb cable. You can break the connection on either end; both serve to reset it nicely. So thats obviously not stellar, but its far from the biggest problem. The biggest problem is that the sound cuts out. It does this constantly. It gets worse the farther away that you sit, and the longer you play your video game of choice. If you plan on playing more than 2 hours, or sitting more than 4 feet away from the base, it gets unbearably bad, 10% of the sound gets lost easily. Its often far more if youre sitting across the living room or playing for like 4 hours. After some googling, there are many people claiming to have this same problem, and they identify a couple of reasons/solutions. 1) The firmware needs to be updated to the most recent version. This immediately irritates me. The experience is supposed to be hassle free; I hadnt planned on connecting this to my computer at all. I spent $300 on a headset to avoid having to spend a bunch of time fiddling with stuff. For $300 couldnt I get OTA updates? Or maybe they could do something radical, like getting the firmware right *before* shipping their "premium" headset. But sure, I want my headset to work, so I plugged it into my laptop, downloaded their software, it detected the headset flawlessly (As soon as I remembered to put it in PC mode that is.) and updated the firmware, confirming that I was no longer on version 1.8xxx and was now on 2.4xxx. I excitedly connected it back to the xbox, and it worked perfectly for like 30 minutes while the headset was like 2 feet away. As soon as I even stood up to walk to the couch the sound immediately hiccuped, dashing my hopes. 2) People also claim that wifi interference on the 5ghz channels can cause audio disconnection issues, and that you should adjust your router to make sure its only using channels 90 and below. Nothing to say here really, Im staying with a friend for a bit and didnt want to go futzing with his router, but luckily I wont have to. I downloaded a wifi analyzer app for my phone and it reported that there were no routers in the detectable radius using the 5ghz channels. All channels were perfectly clear, and so unless Im the victim of the single most elaborate prank wherein my new neighbors know when Im using the headset and adjust their routers accordingly to ruin my experience, and then know when Im looking at the wifi usage and switch them back to cover their tracks, this cant possibly be the culprit either. It looks like Ill have to return these after all. Im not sure what Amazons return process is like, as Ive never before purchased anything sufficiently expensive that Im unwilling to eat the cost and of sufficiently low quality that I cant possibly derive enjoyment from using the product. This headset however finally hit the sweet spot of being both expensive and terrible.
A few disclaimers before we begin, 1) I bought this headset for myself, It was not given to me to review. I did not buy the headset through Amazon. 2) I reached out to Astro and Turtle Beach to try and get headsets to compare and review the A50s against, But both companies declined due to me not being in the Vine program. So unfortunately this will be a review of only the A50s by itself. ( I do have the Microsoft Xbox One Stereo Headset but I dont feel that would be a fair and balanced review.) I bought the Astro A50 Headset in November of 2016 and is easily one of the best headsets Ive ever owned. From its awesome styling to its impressive sound this headset stands out and from the competition. The first thing you notice about the A50 is the price, $300, which does put it up there in terms of prices for high end gaming headsets. The next thing youll notice is that the packaging has artwork on it, Im not one for unboxing videos but this box would be worth a video. The headset has some weight to it but once you have them on your head it really doesnt feel uncomfortable or awkward at all. The overall build of the headset is solid and doesnt feel cheap or flimsy. The A50s have a control panel you install to your computer to control the headsets audio and microphone settings. The control panel is easy enough to use and somewhat self explanatory.  The biggest problem during setup is getting the headset to connect to the Xbox One. After trying several troubleshooting tips on Astros site I did some googling and found a somewhat odd but very effective fix. If your Xbox is having trouble connecting or finding the headset hold the Dolby button and the GAME button, both located on the right earphone, at the same time until the headset does a hard reset. This worked the first time I tried it. The sound is great and as far as I can tell I dont sound too horrible to my friends online during our chats. I will say there are better sounding mics on the market if you are a streamer. Pros: -The build quality is great! -Sound is great! -It fits really well and distributes the weight of the headset effectively without causing discomfort to the gamer. -Completely wireless. -Battery indicator lights on the docking station. -The headset automatically puts itself in a "sleep" mode when you set them down and walk away from them. When you pick them back up they turn themselves back on. This saves the battery and is just plain awesome. -Battery life is supposedly 15 hours but I would be willing to put it more towards 10-12. That’s still really good for a wireless headset! Neutral: -The initial setup could be a bit easier than what it is now. -No Bluetooth. -The docking station will sometimes require a bit of messing with to get the headset to sit just right on the charging pins. Sometimes you put it in and it charges away, other times you have to move the headset just right for it to charge. Cons: -The audio will cut out randomly for 2-3 seconds then return. I cant tell when or why this happens. One week there will be no interruptions the next week I could have 4 or 5 instances where this happens to me. Theres nothing blocking the docking stations view of the headset nor am I very far from the docking station. Ive seen this come up as a common issue in other reviews and on the Astro support forums and Reddit. -If you really use this headset and kill its battery off you better and a backup headset because it takes some time for this headset to charge. -The mic is pretty sensitive and doesnt come with a windscreen for some reason. So if you have a fan on near you, everyone else will hear it. Eating a chip will have your friends thinking they are in your mouth with the chip your crunching on. Seriously. -The "Pro Mod Kit" is an extra $40. You would think for the price tag this would have been included. Is this headset worth the asking price? Sure. This headset is strictly for gaming and that’s it. No bells and whistles here like with the Turtle Beaches and that’s perfectly fine. This headset, when it works without audio cutouts, sounds amazing and is comfortable to wear while you game. The level of control over the mic audio is great. The audio cutting out randomly for 2-3 seconds is what hurts the overall score here. I could focus on the "Pro Mod Kit" being extra or the lack of a windscreen on the mic or the lengthy charge time but those things I can live with. The one thing this headset should have gotten right from the get go was never cutting in and out. For $300 you expect a bit more. It would have been interesting to have actually pit one of Turtle Beachs or Logitechs headsets against these Astros just for the sake of comparing them. On a 10 point scale I would give this an 8 out of 10. On a 5 star scale I give it a 4.
Was very excited to receive this headset as I hear nothing but good things from friends. On arrival headset seems undamaged and I love the quality of the hardware. Mic seems so much sturdier than the gen 2 A50 headset. It also has an on/off switch as opposed to the stupid button from the gen 2 headset. It has a hard reset function (thank god) which the geniuses at Astro completely forgot to include with the gen 2 headset; went through two pairs of the gen 2 after they would freeze and no longer respond to any buttons on the headset and had to send them back. I love the way these dock and charge in the base station as well as still being able to charge via USB while wearing them. They also work with wireless Xbox chat which is awesome; gen 2 headset had to have a wire connected to the controller for voice chat. Sadly, after setting it up the headset constantly loses connection to the base station. Its intermittent, every 3 to 10 seconds the base station indicators disappear and the Astro Command Center software says "No Headset Detected", then after a second or two it comes back. Only time this doesnt happen is while the headset is docked in the base station itself, then I can mess with settings in the ACC without it dropping connection. Its not a rare thing. It literally happens at random intervals of 3 to 10 seconds, making the headset completely unusable. It seems to communicate with the base station over the hard connection when docked, but NOT over the USB charging cable which would have at least made it usable while on my head until the replacement comes. Seems the USB cable only provides power to the headset and the headset still communicates wirelessly to the base station. I did everything I reasonably could. Tried hard resetting the headset. Tried a different USB cable. Seems to be a hardware issue with either the headset or the base station. I actually suspect its the base station but theres no way to know for sure. I have ordered a replacement from Amazon (I love you for that Amazon) and its already on the way. I have friends with this headset who do not have this issue and I cannot find anyone else online reporting the same issue so my hope is this was just a fluke. UPDATE: I got the new headset and immediately had the same issue with it. This pretty much means its something unique to me so I spent a lot more time investigating and actually figured out the cause. The new A50 base station has a new feature I overlooked. When plugged into PC with USB it registers TWO Windows audio devices. The gen 2 A50s only registered one USB device for the voice chat channel only and if you wanted PC audio over the headsets game channel then you had to use the optical audio. I bought a manual switch to switch between PC and Xbox optical audio cables easily. When I am running Xbox audio through the optical audio on the gen 3 A50s everything works great. I can hear PC audio over the voice channel and I can hear Xbox audio through the game sound channel. The base station automatically detects if it is getting a signal over the optical audio input and if it is then it disables the USB game audio device. For some reason my PC optical audio out is emitting more of an intermittent signal whereas the Xbox optical audio signal must be constant. It is for this reason the connection to my headset cuts in and out. Trying to use PC optical audio out just doesnt work like I expected it to because it keeps swapping between USB game audio and optical game audio. The solution is to just use the USB game audio device while on PC and NOT hook up the optical audio out from my PC. I realized the USB device supports the same surround sound abilities so it seems nothing is lost. The bonus of this is that I no longer need my optical audio switch I bought. When I want Xbox audio in the game channel I just turn on my Xbox and the optical audio signal overrides the USB game audio signal. Then when I want PC game audio I just turn my Xbox off. Hopefully this helps someone else having similar issues.
UPDATE: Dropped to two stars due to the frustrating connection issues with Xbox. UPDATE: Raised it  back to  four stars because the issue of no mic seems better now (with Xbox 1x) Although I really love these when they work, I have always had issues with the Xbox not fully connecting.  In the past, it would only happen once in a while and the fix was just to reset (or switch from PC/Xbox mode) and that always fixed the issue.  But after my upgrade to Xbox One X its happening much more often where the Xbox will not recognize that its connected or the mic does not connect. The only fx is to fully restart the Xbox.  This is just *unacceptable* for a premium priced product like these.  They are fully updated (I checked) but the problem is just getting worse and I cannot figure out any work-around anymore that always makes them connect.  I would no longer recommend these until ASTRO (or Microsoft) fix these glitches.  This is a shame because they are the best sounding cans for the Xbox when they are working. ORIGINAL REVIEW In the past, wireless has always been a compromise in sound quality and comfort.  But things have come a long way in recent years.  I like to listen at low volume and there was always a bit of noise when with wireless headphones in the past.  But recent high end models are now perfectly silent and make very accurate sound in stereo and impressive virtual surround. The design is simpler (no more wired mic for Xbox One) and with the auto-off feature you dont need to bother with turning them on/off.  So, the only buttons you need to use are volume and mic mix.  The volume wheel feel very solid. The ability to clearly mix voice and game sounds is really cool.  The dock is much better than using a cable for sure. Below are all the details. As long as they keep working well, I will be very happy with the Gen 3 Astros. Sound: Super clear and very accurate. I compared them a/b to listening to my home audio high quality speakers and they were amazingly close.  I am not a bass head and I prefer speakers that are a bit warm and not bright and these seem to fit that perfectly. They are accurate without being bright or harsh on the ears (though I did have to tone down the EQ settings). I am sure the bass is not as good as many audiophile headphones but to me, they compare very well to many $100 high quality headphones. Sound is personal but I really like the sound of these.  I also like how its very easy to turn on/off Dolby Surround. At certain times, the Dolby surround  is a bit "too much" and just seems to add echo and reverb.  But most of the time, I really like the effect and it adds a decent amount of depth and better front/back signature into the sound and you "feel" more like you are in a 3D space. Hardware: Overall, I give it high marks. The hinges and movable pads feel very solid and seem like they should last. The mic also feels solid and you can move it closer to you mouth if you want higher mic output but you dont need to.  After the update and a few tests I think the mic sound pretty good in game (at least that is what I am told).  The only issues I have encountered are that the voice chat (in Xbox live) appears to "cut out" from time to time during games. Its not that often and it seems to only happen when playing games after a while.  When in party chat alone, it almost never happened. This makes me think its a problem with the network channel and not the hardware. But its still disappointing when it happens. The range is decent out in front but pretty touch and go after 20 feet.  Which is fine but dont expect to walk around rooms without it cutting out. Comfort: Very good and I am very picky.  I also prefer felt style pads and these are very good. They are lighter and much more comfortable then the TB 800s I tried out with just enough clamping to keep them stable. The only possible issue is if your head is too big.  I have a large hat size and these fit me exactly but only when fully extended.  Lucky for me! I like that I dont need to adjust them at all since they will just be fully open. But I would think that if you have a large hat size (greater than 24 I think) they may not fit. Value: I find it hard to accept that these headphones are more expensive than the Xbox One! That is a bit of a bummer. The headphones are easily worth 100$ and the wireless doc and tech adding another $100 seems fair.  But at full price it a bit much to swallow. My hope is, they will last me years and end up being worth it and still work well when the Scorpio comes out next year.  If they last, they are probably worth it because of the great feeling of not being tethered when using headphones. If you use headphones often, and wait for a sale, I think you will get a lot out of these. Setup: Pretty good but I wish they had an iPhone/iPad app for changing the settings. Its a bit of a pain connecting it to the PC just to test out a few setting changes.  Also, be sure to do the connect to the PC and make the recommended firmware updates. I think some mic issues are fixed with the updates.
Had these just short of a year. Thought today that the base had died, but turned out it was the lousy Amazon Basic optical cord. Replaced the cord and sound as great as ever!
It is everything as advertised but as it’s lifespan comes to end it will have a lot of wireless static noises
The only thing I dont like about this headset is that I cant use it for my phone. But it has great sound quality and can be worn hours without getting uncomfortable. Mic quality is also really nice(my friends say it sounds like Im talking in hd). Definitely recommend if u have the money and are serious about gaming
Exceptional Audio and immersive surround sound. Preordered the 4th gen the second I got the chance.
Headset is comfortable on the head/ears for long playing sessions. Sound quality is great, surround is easy to pick up sound direction (when playing shooters, for example). With the stock ear cuffs, ambient noise is not blocked. I can easily carry a conversation with my wife when wearing these (as long as the game sound isnt going HAM)
Have had it for 6 months. Great sound, great for gaming. Really helped my awareness when playing FPS games, although I dont game anymore and have moved onto other things as Ive gotten older, bodybuilding and music.
Ive been using it for a bit now, and even some problems I had originally have somehow fixed themselves.  A week into buying it I would have given it a 3/5, as the comfort, sound quality, and battery life were amazing then, but the headset disconnected or stuttered often, and the mic sucked, like, A LOT.  After about 7 months of sticking with it, mainly because I did installments, I can bump the review up a star. The regular disconnecting and stuttering seemed to have gone away, for as far as I have noticed, and the good things I said earlier have not gone down.  The battery life is still the same; the audio is still best Ive had, and Ive been using the Dolby SS more often; also, the cushions on the headset have not shown any noticable wear. Only downside it still has, which Ive grown to not care as much for, is the mic quality, and the issue of making sure its docked and charging correctly.
Awesome headset i wouldnt buy anything else super sound this thing is a beast of a headset
Yep
Fast set up! Very happy thus far! Comfortable for people with glasses.
Yep
Great headset. Very comfortable, even with glasses I can wear this headset for long gaming or Netflix sessions. Great audio quality, you can also set your own eq setting via an app on your computer if the factory ones arent to your liking. Absolutely stunning surround sound. Decent microphone, had tho mess around with the distance from my mouth more than other headsets Ive used, but picks up voice clearly without excess background noise. Mic sensitivity can also be adjusted in your app if you play in a loud environment. Great for those with fans nearby or a busy household.
Great sounds. Everything works perfect. Only reason for four star is the magnetic charging station is hard to position right
