We were so disappointed with these headphones.  My son did a lot of research and really wanted to upgrade to a great pair of headphones and he picked these.  They worked great for a year then they just stopped working.  They were not dropped.  They just wore out?  I dont know.  But if I was going to do it all again with what I know, I would not buy these.  $299 for a year?  No.
The headset overall was pretty okay.  The sound quality was amazing, the comfort was tier 1, and the feel and look was straight class.... unfortunately I wanted to use them for gaming and the setup was low grade.  While playing I was unable to adjust the sound to allow for pinpoint directional sound, and it was too difficult to adjust on the fly.  I have since changed to Asteo A40s with mix amp M80, and I have to say they were instantly better.  Basically the same headset without the headache.
I bought these headsets for what I hoped would be a great wireless audio set for gaming. As the headline states, they are great when they work. Unfortunately, far too often they will not sit in its charging cradle to properly charge nor connect with my PC for sound. I was constantly have finagle with them to get proper contact. After dealing with this ongoing issue for 15 months, I finally reached the end of my patience and threw them away.  This headset was by far the most frustrating thing Ive ever dealt with. Hopefully Astro Gaming fixes this in the future, but Ill probably never know as I dont see myself ever buying another pair from them.
Does not sit in cradle properly to charge...mic does not work right...shuts off with the slightest touch of your hand or hair...broke after light use....do not get
Headset sound isnt too bad but the upper headband frame screws into the plastic and easily breaks. After contacting them I received this response. Thank you for contacting ASTRO Gaming. Unfortunately we do not have replacement headband frames to send out. You will have to keep the headband frame together using tape. Thank you for understanding. Not sure if anyone would want to spend $300 on a product and then told to tape it together when requesting an option to purchase replacement parts. There are plenty of other options, so you can avoid the headache I am now facing.
You would think when you purchase the most expensive headset on the market from the largest gaming headset company that the mic would be top notch. If you thought that like i did then youre an idiot. If you want to spend 300 dollars to sound like you are talking through two tin cans with a string attached then purchase this headset. if you want to spend hours on the internet trying to figure out why you sound like your talking on your old xbox 360 then buy this mic. I thought like all of you other people that the mic woudlnt be as bad as people say in the reviews well let me tell you it is dont be a stupid idiot like me AVOID THIS MIC AND AVOID ASTRO.
Tried emailing Astro for support and never received any kind of response.  Bought these in February of 2018, and 3 months in I started having issues with the headset not connecting to devices.  Shortly after that, the headset would cut out mid conversion with other people and I would have to unplug the base station and restart it in order to reconnect to xbox/pc parties.  Issues are so bad now (11 months in) i went to buy a cheap headset to be able to talk to others.  Next time I spend so much money on a headset, it will be on a SennHeiser, not an Astro.
The worst headset i ever had.  Astro software is buggy!  Constantly the signal of the headset gets interrupted.  Sometimes the darn headset wont turn on and you have to factory reset it.  They are comfy but these things should sell for $50 or less.  Wuality is low.
Forgive my language, but this headset is an overpriced POS. It randomly decides to turn off, randomly decides to cut out, and my voice always sounds like Im talking through a thin wall. There is also next to 0 customer support from this brand. All-in-all, I wouldnt even pay $20 for this headset.
The headset sucks with Xbox. The overall set up of the headset is easy and sounds quality is great but you WILL experience connectivity issues. The audio goes out due to "5ghz wifi interference" according to Astro. Would not recommend for any serious Xbox gamers!
Overpriced with unlimited connectivity issues that will have you search YouTube for solutions that are not included with the headset. When it does work and connect it only works in party chat wich is fine. The sound quality is great until the speakers in the headset fail after a few months. Id expect this poor quality from a $100 headset, not a $300 one. Highly dissapointed. I feel like I paid for a name and hype more so than a quality item. The headset is however very comfortable for long usage and the charge life is very long. Wish I could say more good things about a product with such a prestigious background.
these headphones are totally not worth the 300$ and you should not invest your money in to a company like astro who has some of the worst customer support and you will need it with the constant glitches theses headphones have. go spend your money somewhere else
This headset was amazing at first until about 6 month mark when I go to play a game and take this headset of the charging base and its dead. Battery dies unexplainably and I constantly and have to unplug the base and plug it back in to get it to work. This is pathetic for a headset that costs this much money.
I frequently have issues with audio (game and chat) cutting out. Sometimes for half a second but other times for 1-8 seconds (but repeating for many minutes) during game play and when chattting.  This also occurs during movies/shows so it’s not just during gaming. The base station charging was a good idea but pourly executed.  I typically have to unseat and re-seat the headset in the base station/dock 5-40 times to get just the right position to allow uninterupted charging.  A few times I’ve walked away thinking I’ve gotten them to start charging and the wind from a passing person unseats them and they don’t charge.  This leads to shorter gaming sessions or sessions with no audio at all. These cost too much money to not work all the time.  They sound great (not that much better than other high end sets) but I have some sort of issue with them about 80% of the time. I’ve also tried HyperX cloud alohas, turtle beach XP400, Xbox stereo headset).  Save yourself some money and get a comfortable pair of stereo gaming headsets (around $100) and download the Dolby Atmos app on Xbox. Makes stereo headset sound 90-95% as good as the A50s.  With their audio cutout issues and charging problems they are not worth $300.  They might be worth $150, but the constant annoyance isn’t even worth that.  I’m passed the return period but I’ll be selling mine as soon as I find a comfortable set.  (HyperX cloud Alphas we’re awesome but they hurt my ears after 30-45 mins of use).
Barely had it two months and its quit working.
Ive had these for about 3 months. Every time I put the headphones on the base station to make the connection to charge they never charge anymore. The lights on the base light up red or flash red. It never charges. Worthless design quality!
They look great, the setup process and install should be a breeze, however my pair didnt work. It werent the regular issues that everyone is complaining here about cutting off or being unstable, they just plain and simply didnt work. All I could hear out of the headphones is just noise, all the time except when they are charging on the base. The second I pulled them off and turned them on, it was just noise, so I cant really speak about the quality of them. This happened both in Xbox and PC, completely broken and unusable. I went through the hoops of doing all the troubleshooting that Astro told me to do, plus trying all the tips and tricks that I could find in every youtube video, forums and blog posts to no avail. This is I believe one of the most expensive headsets out there, for $300 I expect an excellent product that just works great every time, I can understand a defect every once in a while, and when that happens I expect excellent customer service to take care of the issue at this price point. Instead I got a canned email with troubleshooting steps, and after I told them that didnt work they sent another email with the instructions on how to return the thing, I have to print a label, get my own box, package them, write a number on the box and then go to UPS to ship it, and only when they receive it and check that everything is there, only then they will send me a replacement..... This is terrible quality, and even worse customer service for such an expensive product. All of this should be done by them or at least make the process as easy as it can be for the customer, as opposed to making me take hours out of my day to deal with something that is not my problem, its their problem. I shouldve read the reviews in here before I bought this, I actually hope to get another defective pair so I can just get a refund and buy the turtle beach ones that everyone says work great, at a much reasonable price. Edit 12/6/18 They also managed to screw up my replacement pair, they shipped it to the wrong state, when I saw this by tracking the package I let them know that the state was wrong, and in a very unapalogetic manner they replied to me in an email with the correct address asking me "is this the address you provided? Because that what I typed in." I reply "yes that is in fact the correct address  however if you take a look at the information on the tracking number in the UPS website it clearly states that its going to Maine as opposed to Idaho". I dont hear anything back from them in a couple of days. Then I write again to check is the issue was fixed, and they reply "another order was generated, please reach out to us for the new tracking information on Tuesday". OMG, not only Id have never known that if I dont write them, but also I need to once again ask them for the tracking info, when that should be provided automatically as soon as it available. I keep thinking they cant get any worse, but yet they manage to do it. Im already getting mentally ready to deal with the fact that the replacement headset is not going to work either.... I wouldnt be surprised.
This is a really good head set, I’m not gana lie. But with the head randomly disconnecting during games or while I watch videos on YouTube, it just takes away from the moment. And if you’re in a party with friends the head set will just stop working. I’ve tried everything I could think of and nothing works. It’s kinda messed up how Astro still hasn’t came out with an update to fix these problems. It’s just not worth spending $300 for something that doesn’t even work half the time.
First off its a great headset as far as comfort and I love the fact it has a charging cradle in stead of constantly having to plug in a cable to charge. My complaint is the connection issues.  I am sitting only 7ft from the console and every 10-15mins the audio will drop for 1-3 seconds and them reconnect.  This is unacceptable for a headset of this price and was a major disappointment.  I primarily use this headset when watching movies so I have reluctantly kept it.  If I was gaming with this I wouldve returned it immediately.
ALWAYS Echos and bounces back to ear phones.... never again will I pay for Astro’s again I’m officially done. 2nd pair.
Great headset for 2 months then it won’t hold the charge and won’t turn on at all. Please don’t waste your money. Absolutely great for 2 months then stopped turning on completely. Just writing review so people dont waste hard earned money on terrible product. Have owned consoles since the first playstation and xbox. Have owned Turtle Beach, Astro, Plantronics, Xbox, Sony, Thresher....you name the head set and Ive had the headset. Have 4 kids in my house and have had every system from the Wii to the Switch...from the Xbox to the Xbox one....from the PS1 to the PS4...Had the dreamcast from Sega...had the original Sega...the N64. Pretty much every and every video game console from any and every manufacturer. Even the 3DO lol. People if there is one thing that I can comment on with absolute authority its video games, video game systems and peripherals. ***DO NOT PURCHASE THIS HEADSET*** ****IT WILL STOP WORKING SHORTLY AFTER PURCHASE*** **For those rare few who have the headset and it still holds the charge...thats fantastic for you. If it hold the charge past 3 months and it keeps working thats great. Ive had 2...2 of these headsets and they both stop holding the charge after a few months. Normally dont write reviews and normally my reviews tend to be positive in nature.
Terrible product. I have bought this twice, after seeing them all over twitch. Save your money. It constantly cuts out, you then have to reset everything to get it to work again. I bought mine from bestbuy with the warranty. Luckily I was able to return them. I use my Hyperx wayy more and are now my go to headphones. They are plug and play. Also while chatting with friends always getting feedback. Customer service is non existent. They just keep sending you to their forums.
I’m kinda torn on this product. Sound quality is amazing. Having a lot of connectivity issues though. In the middle of game play sound cuts out as if there is interference. Also sometimes the headphones will not be paired when I start everything up. That’s why I choose the star right in the middle. Amazon and the seller do a great job of getting me my product. So the reduced stars come from the issue with AstroGamings hardware not qualifying for a $300 dollar headset. Now the question is do I suck it up or send them back?
Headset and earphones were very very dirty. Dirt or or kinda gunk lodged in all the cracks and top of headphones, hair and dandruff all over the ear phones and the rocker on the top.
This headset was a complete waste of money, it constantly cuts out multiple times in a minute because its constantly interfering with the wifi because astro was stupid enough to use the same wifi channels as most routers without allowing users to change it. Make sure you do not waste your time and money with this device.
I forfeited my Turtle Beach Elite 800x in favor of the Astro A50 (gen 3); I thought I was trading up. I dont know where to begin. I opted to purchase an additional base for my PC. I wanted take advantage of the ability to quick pair the headset to multiple devices, and get rid of multiple sets of headsets. The [quick pair] feature works, Ill give them credit there. I guess this is my BIGGEST issue with this product: its damned near impossible to get a good seat on the base- and again, I have two and I have the same problem with both! It takes me a good 5+ minutes to get the headset correctly aligned in the base in order to either charge or pair. Lots of wiggling, picking up and re-seating, sometimes (under their own weight) the headset will shift sometime later and lose its connection. There is the ability to plug a USB right into the headset and charge them, so theres a workaround to charging. Also, the headset does not have to be seated in/on the base for the Command Center software to work; the headset and the base both just have to be powered on. Im also disappointed with the lack of EQ settings, and the very minimal dynamic difference between them. The ability to expand and personally tweak each frequency for a more custom sound and experience is almost worth it, but that task can be very tedious and time consuming. On a plus side, they are light weight and pretty comfortable to wear. Even for long periods. Id give it a 9/10 in that area. In fact, thats probably what averages my review out to three stars. Its truly the only redeeming quality I can find after several months of ownership.
This product is amazing when it works. I had it for about 2 weeks and then I started having audio problems. My headset would continually shut off and turn on and cut out.
First, these sound terrific, when they work, which mine did for about 2 minutes. It’s due to my orbi router, which uses the high frequency 5Ghz band for network backhaul, and it will be a problem for any router that has a 5Ghz radio that uses channels above 149. These are the same channels used by the a50, so not only will you get near constant static and disconnects, but they will also potentially screw with the stability of your Wi-Fi in your entire home. Pretty short-sighted design in a world that is increasingly utilizing the 5Ghz band for faster internet. And before you think I was just too far away from the transmitter, no. I was 4 feet away. It literally can’t transmit in the presence of any high channel 5Ghz signal. If you can change the channel your router uses for 5Ghz to something below the 140s or above the 170s (not sure that’s even possible), or can disable your 5Ghz band on your router, you may have no issues. Or maybe if you have a dual band and not a tri band router. I ,unfortunately, can’t adjust the high channel bands on the orbi, and will have to return these to Best Buy and find a model that doesn’t use WiFi bands for signal transmission. It really sucks too because I love the charging base and the (brief) sound quality.
Did not make full connection when charging one time and now the battery is significantly shorter. The ear phone heated up to the point to where it was un-touchable as well. sound and voice cut in and out periodically with increasing frequency. less than a year after buying this for $200 and I am already looking for a new headset. on the other hand, If you can get a good one they are very comfortable and have great sound quality though.
When they work they sound amazing. However the frequency with which they have sound completely cut out is too high for such a pricey unit, and unusable in a competitive gaming environment.
At this price point, this headset should be top notch. It’s not. Mic doesn’t cancel out ambient sound, range is lackluster and battery isn’t that great either. Plus having to set up the dock is so extra. Go with the A40’s and if you need wireless, go SteelSeries 9x...that’s what I ended up with and love them.
I just got a pair yesterday.  I connect to my xbox with a little difficulty because i had to connect to my PC to download the firmware, which isnt obvious.  So then I plug into xbox one and get them paired.  Start playing a game and everything going good then all of a sudden just stop transmitting sound.  I watched so many videos and tried to fix myself....no luck.  I still dont know what the issue is because there are so many videos and issues that normally the hard reset would fix but my head phones have no power and wont charge.  I got back on the PC and the astro command center shows battery at 0%, so I think they are connected but battery will not charge.  So now I have a piece of trash worth $300.  I would recommend this to no one not even my worse enemy.  I wasted so much time trying to figure out what the issue was with no results after @1hr of usage.
I will say for a $300 pair of headphones, the build quality and sound quality are a little lackluster. Dont get me wrong, I think theyre among the best on the market- but the price really has me demanding super premium which this is not. My biggest gripe, however, is the nerdy design and look. First of all, why are Xbox players subjected to the slime green color? It also makes you look like an astronaut when its on your head. Like I said, they get the job done, but for the price- I expected something a lot more "mature".
Good charge time (~10 hours of continuous use new), pretty comfortable without much slipping or squeezing, and charge time isnt too bad (~10 minutes per hour used).  However, these are a step back from previous models.  For reference, I replaced the 2013 a50s, and those were far better.  My two biggest gripes: 1. The charging cradle is terrible.  It has to sit with the widest part horizontal or you have wires running awkwardly to the side, giving the whole thing with the headset inserted an awkward profile that doesnt fit on even a wide desk with a wide monitor or multi-monitor set-up.  Even worse is inserting the headset to charge: aligning the contacts under both earpieces at the correct angle with the base takes several tries, and I have been using these for months.  Its also very easily dislodged and you might not even notice.  The old setup of a hook to hang them on with a wire you plug into a well-placed port was far easier, faster, and more practical.  Theres still a micro-USB port to charge if you prefer or want to charge while using them (with less throughput than the old mini-USB port, so they charge very slowly when in use), but you cant put them in the rack while using it.  All in all, the old charging and storage system was far better. 2. The software has taken a step back as well.  You have to install a new sound device and manually switch to it (at least in Windows 10) to use the headphones, as well as switching back to use speakers.  The bluetooth occasionally loses the headphones and has to be manually reset (look it up; its a common issue that has never been resolved).  The different soundmodes dont do much of anything, with the exception of the Dolby setting giving them a distant, quieter sound for some reason.  I would imagine they just put in the codecs without bothering to tune them for headphones, because everything sounds better with it off.  Oh, and the mic/speaker rocker built into the side of the headset combined with the volume dial on the bottom is just confusing.  I set it to neutral on the rocker and just use the dial.  The software also loses your settings here sometimes, so youll put them on and have no sound until you fiddle with each plus the system volume plus the app volume plus the hardware settings, only to find out youd lost bluetooth pairing and have just spent five minutes messing up the settings you liked and have to do it all again.  In the old model, it was simple: you turn on the headphones and they take over; you turn off the headphones and things switch back to speakers and system mic.  It was simple and effective. All in all, not terrible with some bouts of frustration, but very disheartening having owned a far better, previous version of the same product that the company discontinued.
Good headset but I cant say its the best since the simulated surround sound is pretty much meh, nothing to wow at really. Ive bought it Oct 1st, 2017 and since then the only two issues I have with is: One, the headset seems to drop connection once or twice upon use throughout the day and comes back quickly after; sometimes upon starting my PC the headset wont work unless I unplug the USB cord and plug it back in giving this hard power up sound you will hear from the headset so careful not to have loud volume when doing so. Secondly, customer service is hard to get; they will try their hardest not to service your product providing you a number of things for you to try before they will even think about filing for warranty use. Ive never had a long list of things to try out before I can turn my item in for repair or replacement. Long story short my headset went from not working to those simple connections drops Ive decided to put up with because that was worth more than dealing with Astros customer service.
Easily the biggest pile of crap Ive ever wasted money on. It has a constant disconnect issue with no fix. If you read forums  NO ONE has an answer as to how to permanently fix and so many people have this same issue. Mid game you will constantly every 2 to 5 seconds lose sound completely till it reconnects. Biggest waste of money ever. Support is useless according to just about everyone. they always run you through the list of bull**** you probably already did yourself. Purchasing this would be a huge mistake. PLEASE dont put yourself through what I and many others are suffering with. Waste of money!
So I purchased this headset in early April and received them around April 12 I think. I was reluctant to put out a review too early because I didnt want to be so hasty. But now that Ive had them for close to 2 months, Im confident about what I have to say. Cutting straight to the chase, I am disappointed with this headset. Within the first week of using it, the headset would cut out all audio at random times for at least a second or two right before returning back to normal. Also within that time frame, if I had the misfortune of talking, the microphone would alter the sound of my voice and make me sound like a robot with a choppy voice. As a gamer, I require next to perfect communication for the games I play and cant afford to miss out on valuable information that my teammates need to fill me in on. Even when I am just trying to talk to friends this will happen, making me miss out on part of the conversation.  So far this problem still occurs. Within 2 hours of gameplay I will experience this phenomenon at least 10 times, which I find to be quite concerning when it comes to the head sets life span. And this doesnt just happen at low battery, it happens at any amount of charge. In addition to this problem, sometimes when I turn on my xbox and join a party with my friends, none of them can hear me but I can hear them. Ive tried turning off the headset and turning it back on but the only thing that seems to fix it is me resetting my entire xbox. I know this has dragged on but Im just trying to convey my thoughts as honestly as possible. I bought these after a long and happy time of using the astro a40 headset (which are still in perfect working condition after 3-4 years of usage) because I wanted an astro experience free of the wire but still retained the performance of my a40s, and I am honestly very disappointed. I genuinely cant believe that with a price tag just shy of 300.00 dollars that this headset came to me with all these potent issues. I am really hoping that amazon and/or astro sees this review because I am very dissappointed with this product.
The description says compatible with PlayStation 4 but you just run into problems and left with your online friends hearing complete echo of themselves and my game , it’s not okay. Other than the many problems I’ve run into , the look and feel of it is still nice .
Ive had several problems with this headset and I dont think it should cost any more than $200. The quality of the headset itself is amazing! PROS -It is lightweight,breathable,and just comfortable all around. -No wire is awesome -Sound is better than any headset Ive ever owned! (Dolby has crazy sound) -Range is a lot better than I was expecting -Battery life is pretty decent CONS -Ive went to bed thinking it was being charged, as the one of the 4 bars were blinking. When I woke up it has 0% battery??? -Sometimes the charging light doesnt blink at all when docked -Sometimes it says its fully charged when it has been used for hours -It disconnects randomly for a few seconds in-game (doesnt happen too often to be an annoyance) -The game/chat volume is on the side of the earpiece. (can be annoying when laying down and your audio goes silent because youre laying on the button) The headset it fine, but the docking station (or the charging part of the headset) need some work. I sometimes spend 5 minutes trying to get the headset to sit right on the dock even though it is fitted properly. I would recommend this if you only play every-now-and-then. This headset isnt meant for the everyday, hardcore gamer in my opinion.
This headset is amazing at times and others it’s complete trash, I constantly have issues with it, and for $300 you would think there would be little to none. Connection issues constantly, speakers blow easily, the charging base is a absolute pain, it’s like pick it up place it down pick it up place it down pick it up place it down and repeat a good 4x before it even charge, better to use a USB.
It wouldn’t take more than two sessions of playing for a couple of hours with this headset for me to notice all of its deficiencies. First -let me tell you about how loose it feels on your head while using it . If you lean foward a little too fast it will move . I know relativity is point of argument and with enough speed any headset will fall off you head but trust me on this one , they will come loose . Second- I notice that for a brief moment no sound would come out the speakers much like a long hiccup ; you don’t know when but you know it’s gonna at any given time .... I don’t understand what causes this but it is there and it is annoying. 3- the device tends to disconnect from the base and sometimes you will be able to hard-reset the headset but in certain occasions the headset will just flat line on you and become simply none responsive . I most add that for the price that they sell this things they are not reliable. Many people tend to like them for reasons that are more than oblivious to me . The sound is 7 out 10 and I admire how high they get this headset in the premium side when it is mostly plastic . This is a company promoting their own product , they will pay the right people and give them for free to those with a little fan base but note this they are being hyped and although they are not horrible the ones I bought , I will be returning; $150.- still sounds too much money to ask for a headset that fails to deliver its purpose. I know there aren’t many options out there and that is why they get away with much of what I just said . Keep looking somewhere else spend your money where  quality is priority unfortunately we test things first and judge them later . Lucky for us returning packages is way easier nowadays. Peace
Headphones are great but the base station is a complete piece of junk. The prongs broke the day I got the headphones to charge them so now I have to charge them with a wire which is very annoying for $300 just get a pair of kraken pros there the same quality
Horrible.  My son bought these and they took forever to make work correctly and he had to use his own USB cord, and then 24 hours later, they just stopped working again. If I knew how to sign into his Amazon Account, I would do it and make them refund his money. What a total waste and all the reviews I read online, say that most people are having the same problems.  So frustrating, and they weren’t cheap...
Great sound and comfortability but constant problems with the headset "freezing" and becoming inoperable
Im not sure if I just have a faulty model but the headset has multiple issues. 1.) As many have stated using the docking station as a charger is a nuisance. The contacts are difficult to securely touch and requires an unnecessary amount of adjusting before it starts charging. 2.) Once fully charged, the headset stays on and starts draining power. 3.) The headset briefly loses connection fairly frequently.. roughly once every 30 minutes or less. 4.) Moving the base station causes USB connection errors. 5.) The BIGGEST ISSUE that drives me nuts is that without warning the microphone will stop working. Youll still hear the mic through the headset as intended which makes it seem like its working but the recording device on windows will report that no recording audio is being sent. The only fix is to unplug/replug the USB between the computer and base station.
Work propertly but one day it simple cant turn on. I cant found any help to fix it in Moscow
I had the old version of the A50 (before they made these xbox/play station versions. It finally died after daily use for 3-ish years. This version has about 15 ft less range, and keeps having issues that require reconnecting or restarting the base station.
The photo is after I threw the headset against the wall and pulled the base station from behind the tv. This headset was worth the money the first year I had them and then started acting up. I would not recommend buying a $300 product. Just go buy a $20-40 wired headset! You can go through 10 of those headsets before you get to the price of the A50
The sound quality is top notch on these and they’re super comfortable to wear. The reason for the 2 stars is the echoing that comes from them. So much so that I’m going to return them for something different. I would recommend looking elsewhere as a lot of people seem to have this issue with them.
Seriously.  Problems since day 1.  Microphone mostly but hey if you can’t communicate with folks in a game, why own a $300 set of gaming headphones. Do you want to boot up your Xbox and roll the dice to see if the microphone is recognized this time or not.  No, I did not think so.  And then Astro puts out firmware in April 2019 that give folks even more headaches and exacerbated problems it was supposed to fix.  Please go anywhere else.  Personally, I am returning to TB.
I have purchased two (2) sets of Astro A50s.  One went bad and exchanged from BestBuy.  They stopped charging. Exchanged from BB under warranty and the new set had terrible issues with people in XBOX party not hearing me very well.  Mind you, I had the previous set and used all the same settings. Astro support was terrible with helping for $300+ set of headphones.  Returned them. Bought another set and had issues with them as well. Finally moved away from them and will never go back. Strongly advise people to not buy these.  Between the terrible issues with mic not being head by party, them refusing the charge  -  the charging system is bad and needs to be made more reliable. Good luck to all.
Some days everything is perfect and the experience is amazing. Other times, the sound keeps cutting, the headphones keep disconnecting and reconnecting to the base...
When it works, the A50s are a great headset with different options for various play styles. However, the charging base for this is pretty bad: you could charge the headset by dropping them into the charging cradle very carefully, or you could give up and charge them with microUSB like I do now. The pins must align perfectly to start charging, and even then the slightest movement can offset the charging, leaving you with a dead headset when you want to use them. Fortunately you can charge and use them at the same time with microUSB, so overall not absolutely horrible. Just tuck away the base somewhere hidden, as you will almost never use it aside from connecting the audio cables.
The product is not working on the wireless side, after only 3 months
Garbage
Horrible for a 300 plus dollar mic. Audio constantly cuts in and out constantly while sitting 1 foot away from the receiver. Go wired.
I was pumped when the gen3 A50s came out, and were compatible with the Xbox One. I previously had the A40s w/ mixamp that was a perfect fit for my PC and Xbox gaming, and from the start the A50s were a let down. First, the A40s had a seamless transition between PC/Xbox use, without rearranging cables when I switched between platforms. The A50s have no such option and switching back and forth is a pain, which led me to leaving the A40s hooked up to the less used Xbox. Second, the charging dock is pretty much useless when it comes to charging the headset. It would take 3-4 minutes to get the headset set in the dock just right, only to come back the next gaming session, and see that it randomly stopped charging sometime after I walked away. I ended up reverting to simply plugging it in when Im done playing instead of even attempting to use the dock. Finally, the biggest issue and the one that renders this headset useless to me, is the connectivity problems. The headset drops connection from <1 second to 3 or 4 seconds at a time at random intervals. I can go months without issues, and then I cant play more than a couple minutes without dropping audio/mic. It has gotten so bad that Ive finally given up on this headset. The unfortunate part is everything else about this headset is exactly what I want in a headset otherwise. The support for the issues Ive listed above by Astro is non-existent. There are countless threads on Astro forums with the same issues, and no solutions.
The headset begins to disconnect at times in the middle of games. I’ll have the audio cut in bursts in the middle of matches and then fix itself after a few seconds. Just the other day the headset audio just cut out completely and stopped working. I managed to fix the issue but I shouldn’t be expecting it out of an expensive headset.
Until the connection to the base station started to randomly drop in waves I would have given this headset five stars. The battery life and sound has been awesome. A little annoying to have to move the mic 90 degrees to mute. Could have been the best headset I ever owned until it started glitching.
Terrible battery life. Four months in and it barely can last three hours. It even will use up its battery turned off. The wireless charging station has to be just perfect to start charging, and with a cord to hard wire charge it way too short your out of luck when it dies. The sound and feel are fantastic, but the problems are just too much to deal with.
My friends said I sounded terrible. No mic monitoring. Way to expensive.
Don’t waste $300 on this garbage
How convenient that one month after the warranty expires that the base station no longer transmits audio to the headset (or the headset is unable to receive, Im not sure which). All LEDs report normal functionality. The headset has never been dropped and is in perfect condition cosmetically. This is a classic case of planned obsolescence.
It’s a good headset, but battery life becomes shorter and shorter by month. I’ve owned two pairs of a50s and both, after about a year of use, the battery wouldn’t hold a charge for more then an hour. Would constantly have to plug in a charger. But before it gets to that point it’s a pretty good headset, besides the poor mic quality it comes with. At the end of the day I wouldn’t say $300 is a fair price since you have to replace it pretty much after a year.
These things are okay, but when needing to hear exact locations of enemy sounds you need to turn off Dolby to be sure and able to pinpoint the sounds location.. With dolby on they sound amazing at 7.1 but with the optical cable from xbox1x the sound will go quiet, off and on once or twice when dare i say the headphones warming up? Perhaps 5GHz interference.. But sometimes it doesnt happen.. Think my A10s or maybe theyre a15s worked better and were possibly louder.. Downfall to those are controller batteries dying constantly..
When these headphones worked they were absolutely great. Dolby 7.1 sounded amazing  and being able to switch between that and stereo was very cool.  But that is where the good stops. The Command center PC downloader is broken.  Wi-Fi frequencies can get in the way of it sending a stable transmission from the base. And the innards for it recognizing an Xbox Mic and being able to use it in party was very wonky. The Headset constantly kept unassigning and reassigning to my profile.  For $320 it was absolutely unacceptable if you charge a premium price you need to deliver a premium product and these were not cutting it.  And Astro knows that there’s a lot of things wrong with them too. There are so many forums online talking about all sorts of problems that people of had and it’s just ridiculous.  The inconsistent performance for these headphones was too much for me and I ended up returning them.
So very convenient to not have wires! Thats the only good thing about this headset. The signal is horrible because it continues to disconnect while playing. Had to purchase two pair because the 1st pairs off button didnt work. Comfortability is amazing! No wires amazing! But NOT for competitive gaming especially for games where each second matters! NOT worth the price theyre at. Once had a pair of AG9 headphones that cost $100 & they were twice as good!
The connection drops every 20-30 seconds. Can’t find a fix online, seems a lot of people have the same issue. Crazy how bad these are for the price I paid.
Best sounding headphones on the market! No question about that. Unfortunately the worst wireless headphones on the market. If you own/use ANY 5ghz (802.11ac) devices then there is little chance of the A50s performing well. Astro is fully aware of this and they are dead silent on this topic. Clearly they have no fix for this problem. They do offer a useless reply indicating for you to change your 5ghz wireless router to another channel. But what the fail to share is there are no other 5ghz channels to use. 802.11ac use the entire 5ghz spectrum to give you those fast speeds. And if you own Orbi or other MESH WiFi setups, you have no chance with the A50s. I have the A50 base station (transmitter) 3-4 feet away from me. The closest WiFi access point is 15 feet away. Still I experience several wireless drops per minute (audio drops). I play COD and other games where sounds is critical. The A50s will cost you some losses when you can’t hear anything. I am 90 percent guaranteed to return these after 5-6 weeks. It will break my heart as they do sound much better than steel series and turtle beach, but what good is the sound quality if the A50s can’t stay connected????? Very sad! SHAME, SHAME, SHAME Astro for not pulling these from the market and doing a redesign of the wireless component. Clearly the only thing you care about is GREED! And don’t waste peoples time with “firmware updates”, power resets, new USB and Optical cables. I played your games and spent HOURS moving the base unit, checking firmware, purchased new cables (after paying $300 for your product). Nothing worked!! Exchanged for new unit...SAME PROBLEM. And I am not alone, and anyone with Google can easily discover. And asking your customers to turn off their high priced wireless devices and disabling the best features of there WiFi routers and moving around everything they own and insuring their smartphones are not near them...LOL....ummm....REALLY.....Did you do any QA on this product?? Shame on you and your greed to not pull this from the market and offer something to those customers you burned. Maybe offer new units to those who have your DEFECTIVE A50s. What idiot would use 5ghz!!! Really???? You would be better going with Bluetooth. Move back to 2ghz like everyone else!!! Idiots!
Pros - great sounding headphones - easy to setup - great volume controls and sound settings built into the headphone unit - go on sale often - feel great on head Cons - rarely have a good experience with connection - you have to fiddle with the headphones and the base station to get them to charge - customer support is not helpful - so many issues with the software, connection, and compatibility - astro updating software is outdated - at times completely unusable, better off playing games with no sound. Seriously.
If I could go give 0 stars, I would. The thing wouldnt charge and I had to return it. It lasted about 2 months and now only holds a 50% charge and Im apparently past the window to return it. This thing was $300 for crying out loud. What a letdown and waste of money.
Bad - doesnt work out of the box, its a pain in a half to update it or find the right update for it. No help from customer service. The Charge when done doesnt seem to last that long and looses connection here and there.... Good - I guess it works when you figure it out.... Comfortable ,great sound and amazing Mic.
Sound quality was amazing, unfortunately I was a victim of an issue that a lot of A50 owners have came across and have had 0 help with.. NO sound at all and no matter what trouble shoot method you use it will not work.. Definitely had to return.. $300 paper weight!
Was missing a main audio wire when delivered so I spent money on a gaming headset that I had to go to the local store and spend more money on for a optical audio cord. Otherwise product works as described and was in good condition
ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!!! It took me 4 days to get these astros after being shipped because usps, and when i finally get the package, IT DOESNT WORK!! The right side of the headphones have no sound coming out of it when i put it on, but when its not stretched it works fine. Not to mention there are damages and scratch marks on the sound box. There is also cat fur (that i had to pick out) stuck to the inside of the headset cushion. Just terrible!!! It also had an unpleasant smell, like it has been used for a while!! They also promised an extra 40$ in order to compensate and for me to remove my review, they ended up tricking me and I did not recieve the compensation fee! Beware this is not a trustworthy company! They go back on their promises and they trick there consumers with inaccuarte product descriptions!
WHAT IS WRITTEN BELOW IS TRUE. RESEARCH IT FOR YOURSELF BEFORE BUYING!  For some stupid reason, Astro decided to make the wireless signal communicate on the same channel as most 5ghz Wifi routers and then make in unchangeable! Even if you can change the channel on your own WIFI router. If youre in range on any other wifi networks it will interfere with your sound. We are talking like a total drop for 3-5 seconds every minute or so. It is really bad. Astro has informed the community there is nothing they can do right now but is looking into it (FOR OVER 3 YEARS)! The sound, build quality, and EQ adjustments are great but with the sound cutting out non-stop, its not worth it. You cant hear where the enemy is and rattles you out of the game experience making it hard to get engulfed into a game.
The headset sounds and works great, while it stays connected. If you have a 5ghz router, especially if you are like me and have Google wifi mesh network, this will not work well. Every 30 seconds or so it cuts out. Not great for gaming for sure. I tried everything from hardwiring my entertainment area and moving the mesh network point across the room, buying a 35ft hdmi cable to move the xbox across the room right next to me so the base could be closer to the headset. Still got cut outs way too often. Unfortunately had to return and will be purchasing something where supports suggested fix is "Turn off your 5ghz network".
I can see why this headset is Astro’s best, of all the headsets I’ve used this one has the best sound. This is my first headset with 7.1 surround sound and I must say it’s great especially for open world games. This headset is made of premium materials and feels very durable. It may be a bit heavy for some gamers but for me it’s not noticeable especially after wearing it for a few hours. It is also very easy to adjust the headset and can be adjusted to fit most any head the ear cups can also be swiveled around for added comfort. I’ve only had the headset cut out on me once and that was only for a split second otherwise I’ve never had any issue with the audio on this headset. The battery life is also quite impressive I’ve never had it die on me once even during my longer gaming sessions, all you need to do is dock it once your finished gaming and you should never have a problem with the battery. Another neat battery saving feature is if you lay the headset down to get a bite to eat or walk around for a bit it will turn off then turn back on and reconnect as you pick it up and put it back on your head. All in all I think this is an amazing headset and I’ve not really had any issues with it like some reviewers so in my opinion if you can afford this headset and want a good wireless headset then look no further you won’t be disappointed. Update: After using this headset for a bit longer I started having connection issues and my mic stopped working. I had to unplug the base station to get it to work again. Needless to say I’ve since returned the headset for fear that these issues would continue. This headset is still a great sounding and fitting headset but sadly with glaring issues that make it unusable. I would now recommend going with the ASTRO A10 model or Razer Kraken Pro V2 and if your using Xbox buy Dolby Atmos as it will give you a nearly exact experience as this 300 dollar headset for much less money.
Pros. I went from the turtle beach 800x to these and the A50s are much more comfortable for long time use Sound quality is good but for fps games you will have to use the softwares EQ to find the right sound for footsteps.  The mic is better than the 800x.  Thats it!! Cons.  Every since I got these the audio will randomly cut out in mid game, and sometimes when I turn my Xbox on and try to join a party the mic just doesnt work I will either have to unplug the base or hard reset the Xbox which is very inconvenient (I have two friends with A50s who have this same problem). The wireless range is not good at all I cant walk to my living room without interference. After about 9 months this headset completely stop working and the base just flashes red and will not work on my PC or Xbox. I had the turtle beach 800x for 2 years with no problems the only reason those broke is because I threw them in frustration but I would pick those over the a50
Battery dies overnight and only last for 6 or less . very disappointed for that price, recently seen a different brand claiming battery life of 12 hours play time
I’ve had this headset since August of last year. Not even a month of having them they took a dive. Amazon replaced and set me a new set. Started having issues with them a month later and have consistent issues with it to this day. Have to hard reset almost ever single time I go to use them. The mic cuts off and I have to push it up and back down for it to register and even then it doesn’t always work. For $300 these are an absolute joke. Don’t even bother with Astro’s customer service either all they tell you to do is hard reset or make sure your firmware is updated.
Horrible.  The sound is always cutting off at random on them and the mic quality is garbage.
The headset stopped working after 2mths or so from when I go it. Have used it for a total play time of probably 5 days maybe, being generous here. Charges but when I go to turn it on now it doesnt do anything, no sound and no capturing of voice. $300, for a headset that has stopped working after not even three months. I have a 40 dollar headset that Ive had for almost two years and it still works like a charm, not quite as comfy but it has taken a beating while this pair was treated like it was royalty with being handled carefully with every use. Such garbage product. Not surprised with how unknowledgable amazon sellers are nowadays.
When they work, these are a decent headset, although maybe not worth the price premium.  After a few months of very light usage, the base and the software both say the battery is full but the headset dies as soon as its removed from the base or unplugged from USB.  Do some research on these before you buy them.  While there are many positive reviews online, there are also many individuals who report battery issues. Amazon wont provide a refund, but Im pursuing a warranty replacement with Astro since theyre only a few months old.  Very disappointed that such an expensive product appears to have such serious problems. Edit:  Astro did provide a replacement with relatively little trouble.  They required proof of destruction, but didnt require returning the defective headset, which was nice.  The new headset has been working well.
Dont rely on this headset. This headset has quality sound, but frequently, and I mean FREQUENTLY disconnects. The sound literally drops off and cuts as if you were walking through a tunnel with a bad connections. Please please please trust me, save your money. There is NO fix to this solution and you will have wasted money for a headset thats actually good.
It was a great headset with great sound quality. The Dolby setting was phenomenal. But the headset kept disconnecting. My wifi router uses different radio channels than the headset, so that wasnt the problem. I ended up returning it. Very disappointed. Would not recommend.
I will say the sound quality is good, but I have encountered way too many other issues. Probably the most annoying is the headset constantly disconnects. The base is like 4 or 5 feet away, directly in front of me, but it cuts in and out constantly which is super annoying. The charging is fairly unreliable. The headset has to sit exactly right in the base for it to be charging. If one of my kids even looks at it funny or touches the base, the charging stops. On several occasions I have found that the battery is completely dead when I go to play. The battery life with a full charge is pretty good. I can go a few sessions without having to charge. The build quality and sound are nice, but definitely not enough for me to recommend these to anyone at this price. Overall this headset has been pretty disappointing
Quite possibly one of the best sounding ones Ive used in many years. The 1 star is simply because it no longer charges on the base, which was a key purchase point, and without it means Ill be pursuing other options and gifting this. If you dont mind plugging it in to charge down the road, then definitely pick up.
Incredibly comfortable, great sound, and wireless! Sounds perfect right? Horrible range, mic cuts out randomly requiring you to disable/re-enable the device in Windows, I have 2 of these, and use one at home for gaming and one in the office for conference calls. But Ive had to switch to a wired headset after trying both headsets for phone calls etc and the mic cutting out randomly. If I could return them I would and have gone to a wired Sennheiser Game Zero at home instead whenever I have to work. Im currently looking for another headset to use at work since Im using Bose QC25. I might sell these and get another pair of Game Zeros. 5 Stars when they work 1 star when they dont 2 stars overall. Not recommended unless you dont care about the mic working
I got the headset as a gift last year and it has been nothing but headaches. I enjoy the game and chat adjuster setting on the headset & I enjoy the quality of sound. The troubling features outway the pros such as the battery has always been able to only hold only a 5-6hr charge while gaming, I have had it where I left the headset on the charger overnight and when I tried to put it on the next day it was very hot and would not turn on (however the light indicating it was glowing on and I had to leave it on drain the battery to 0% and then recharge it before it would allow me to use it again, the chat periodically cuts out for a few seconds every few hours like it is trying to sync to the base station, and finally the mic doesn’t come with a foam piece to go over the mic to help muffle ambient background noises.
Dont take my 3 stars wrong, this is a fantastic headset. Great features and sound including Dolby 7.x surround. My issues with this set are 3 things: 1. The manual and setup instructions suck. If you are mildly technical this probably isnt a problem but if not Bing it or YouTube. 2. The cables are not high quality and are not layed out well. I like cables that are sturdy and port configurations that lend themselves to hiding wires. This is too messy for my OCD tastes. 3. THE CHARGING BASE SUCKS!!!! Rather than a standard USB charging port these use a contact point base. It is difficult to get the headset sitting just right to charge and the headset is easily bumped out of position and it doesnt charge. This is really frustrating when you go to play a game and the headset is dead but has been "charging" for days... I love the performance of this headset and the muting function works awesome. However for the price I expected a "no issues" experience which this headset is not. If you are tech inclined it may be the best experience for gaming but the charging issue is something to be aware of.
Save your effing money if using for Xbox. . .have to restart console EVERY time because it wont connect. Then, the other half the time, the connection to the base gives off a static sounding voice that your friends complain about. FANTASTIC way to blow 300 bucks if you need a reason but dont expect much in return.
The sound quality is great with these headphones, especially when playing multiplayer.  However, the biggest downfall I have is that it is a pain to charge.  At first I though I wasn’t sitting it right but now it seems like a software issue.  To get it to barge I have to hit the hard reset bottoms and place it back on the base to charge.
The mic cuts out every other word in game chat and different voice chats to talk to friends and Ive had to contact Astro Gaming support multiple times with other issues regarding the headset. Not worth any of your money.
This is an ok headset but way over priced. Many time it will put out no sound and I have to unplug the power from the xbox one. When it does work it sounds much like most headsets except sometimes others hear me and they say it sounds like I am under water. Already tried the reset from technical support that is not in the instructions. For the price this head should connect every time and work flawlessly, it doesnt, so its really a waste of money. I dont recommend this to anyone.
Good headset except every time I play on my Xbox I have to unplug it and plug it back in. Like why ? Its so annoying and tedious
If I could give this product no stars I would. The thing that made me hate this product was not the sound they sounded great. It was not the comfort they were comfy. It was not the build I felt like i could throw them of a building. It was for the first few days just perfect. Then, they started having connections issues. They were minor at first but then they got worse. Eventually they just would not turn on and I had to turn to my old headphones. I tried to get in contact with Astro for a replacement but that did not happen. So they sat on my desk for months, great headphones that I could not use. Eventually I got in email contact with with a representative from Astro and she told me to update my headphones. I did and after an hour of funky software my headphones worked. I was happy. I thought that the problems were done however recently my headphones have not been signing into my xbox account so a could not talk in parties. Fine whatever. I switched to my old ones for that. But for some reason the same glitch happend and now my headphones wont turn on again. I have had my headphones for over a month so I probably wont get a refund. If someone from Astro wants to contact me please do because I am getting my 300 back no matter what.  For now I am stuck with old turtle beach headphones and let me tell you they work better. Dont be fooled by marketing. DONT GET THESE PLS
Had a pair of a40s for over 5 years, and I wanted to go wireless this time. One of the shining features of the astro a40s I had was that I could have it set up on my PC and Xbox at the same time without messing with cables. I was hoping to have these hooked up via USB to my PC, and have an optical cable run from my xbox to the base station (similar to how I had the mix-amp set up on my a40s, I just talk to friends through the Xbox app). Sadly, with this base station, once I turn my Xbox on, and the optical cable has signal, it mutes everything from my PC. THERE IS NO WAY TO USE THIS WITH AN XBOX AND PC AT THE SAME TIME WITHOUT SWITCHING CABLES AROUND. I like the headset itself, but I switch between Xbox and PC too much, and it is why I fell in love with my a40s in the first place. My old a40s still work fine, so I guess Ill stick with those and wait for the next gen of a50s :(
Purchased it January 2017 and the mic stopped working about 3 months later.  The voice was not received by listener.  It is a total waste of a lot of money!  I am so very disappointed and mad about how poorly this product performed and how quickly it stoped working.  The product cant be returned at this point and I am out three hundred bucks.
I purchased two of these headsets and have used them over ~3 months. The audio quality of my mic, for those listening to me, will randomly become extremely poor and require a restart of the wireless base. Less frequently (but still frustratingly) the audio will be very quiet on the headsets and require a restart. It is non trivial to balance the headset to charge it. For the money these headphones are awful because of these issues. I would highly, highly recommend you look elsewhere for wireless headsets. I regret the purchase and regret not returning them immediately.
Let me preface this post by saying that I am a huge Astro fan but I am not an audiophile, although I do appreciate good sound when I hear it. I currently own the Gen 1 A50s and I have no complaints with their sound. The Gen 3 A50s I purchased have the metallic echo/reverb described by countless others. There is a YouTube video that exposes this problem. This reverb affects nearly EVERYTHING (weapons, grenades, the environment in general). For instance, I was playing Halo: MCC today on the map Zanzibar, testing my Gen 3s. The ocean on the map SHOULD sound like a soft ocean breeze whispering through your ears on top of softly crashing waves in the distance. Instead, the aforementioned ocean sounds like a tin can! This is just one example of countless others I have heard. What should be pleasant and warm sound is masked by this terribly obnoxious echo that cant simply be turned off. And if what Ive read is true about this being intentional, how could the sound designers at Astro purposely have made such a sound product? The designers either shipped a faulty product and are lying to the public or they are not competent enough to fix the problem - neither of which are encouraging. And on sounds that dont have as much echo, those sounds dont sound as warm and vibrant as the sounds on my Gen 1s. Despite absolutely loving the new wireless features and customization options (these features are the only reason Im not gving it lower than 3 stars), I will be returning my Gen 3s back to Amazon. I think Astro has a great idea with this headset, but I feel like they sacrificed sound (the sole purpose of a headset) in exchange for wireless/customization features. If Astro updates the firmware to fix this issue (which one would think would be very doable) I would certainly buy another pair, but until then, I will be returning to my Gen 1s.
I recently purchased the Astro A-50 gen 3 for the xbox one and must say the I have never experienced so many issues for a gaming headset. First issue was the xbox one not recognizing the headset upon restart. After many hours of troubleshooting with Astro I found a go around on "Youtube". Where you have to switch from PC mode to Xbox mode on every restart. Next it was a sound issues that after 16+ hours of troubleshooting is still a continual issue. I have had dozens of High End headsets from various manufactures but this was my first attempt with the Astro brand and will be my last. Ultimately I had to reinstall my old Turtlebeach 800 Elites.
Was great until  about a month ago and now there is no game sound.  Trying to find out how to return it now...
Battery is great.  Very comfortable.  Sound is amazing.  I think you should definitely point out that if your headset is near your router, there will be interference.  The headset will cut in/out repeatedly.  To fix this, you will need to go into your internet settings and change the channel settings on your 5ghz channel from automatic to one of the lower channels (say 40).  It is a lot of trouble to go through for a $300 headset, but it works.
absolute crap, nothing but issues and now I have to fight to get it warrantied
They didnt even send me astros, it came in astro a50 box but had steel series headphones
def not worth the money and as much as i love the light weight part of them which is why i gave it 2 stars the sound quality was horrible and sounded like i was in a wind tunnel and i contacted there support 3 times did what they told me and it could not be changed then i find out its a common problem with the software that the noise canceling isnt working so dont buy until that fixed. the charging base was the other huge issue as it has to be on there very perfect or wont charge. overall i wouldnt recommend this ever to anyone unless they were under 100 bucks
Stopped working after 1 year, waste of money! Static in both speakers.. terrible.
For the price I expected way morep it has the shortest optical audio cord Ive ever seen and one of the shortest USB charging cables and they did not provide a charger for the USB cable. Wack!!!! Do not recommend this headset for the 300 dollar price tag Super disappointed
The headset is comfortable.  The (game/voice) sound adjustment doesnt work well.  My mic cuts out very often,  or turns to a robotic sound.  I have tried all major chat apps,  it does it on all of them.  Overall,  a serious let down for the price.  I have switched back to a 50$ pair I bought from Walmart.
The audio from the headset was amazing. The first time I shot a gun in the game I actually jumped. I was really excited. My friends signed on and they kept complaining about the mic quality. Sounding hollow. It sounded like I was talking thru the Kinect. I disconnected the Kinect to confirm the mic quality and no change. I wasnt a fan of the charging station. I was constantly setting it in the cradle the wrong way causing it not to charge.  First world problems, but for 300.00 it should be magical and work.
Avoid it if u have a big head !!
After only about a month of mild use, the headset no longer charges via dock OR USB.  it is stuck at 0-1% charge but does not turn on. Light blinking amber and red.
Do not get these headphones. Mic quality was said to be bad by my friends in the beginning. After a while they just broke and had constant static. $300 for a pair of headphones worse than a $50 pair. Never recommending Astro ever again. If anything get the a40s but Astro is very overrated and expensive
Overall this headset is very good. There are many things that need to be fixed though. Read on to find out what is good and bad about the Astro A50s. Pros:  Extremely Comfortable.  Amazing sound quality.  Easy to set up and update the headset.  Many different sound modes.  Great for that 1v1 in any game.  Surround sound mode. Cons:  Mic often sounds robotic. Astro says that there is a way to fix it but theres not.  Mic is terrible for how expensive it is.  Headset often doesnt sync with the base station so you have to unplug then plug the base station back into the Xbox.  Headset is loose around head and sometimes slides off (and I dont have a small head).  Every time you turn on the headset you have to redo the sound volumes you prefer (Pet peeve of mine).  You have to slide the mic up to mute instead of just pressing a button. Annoying cause it takes more time to mute yourself.  Theres not an extra cord to connect to both a PC and Xbox at the same time. Summary: These headsets are great if you favor AMAZING sound quality over mic quality. The robotic sound that your friends will hear in the party could get really annoying. Im assuming that Astro will fix this in the future. But until they fix all the problems this microphone is a 3/5 especially because of the price. Get these headphones if you are an intense gamer and need to clutch 1v3s or if you take gaming seriously. You will eventually get used to the microphone over time. All you have to do is turn off the headset then turn it back on then itll be fixed for awhile. If you cant live with the microphone problem, then I would recommend the Turtle Beach XO Seven Pro gaming headset.
I was really looking forward to this headset I love that it is truly wireless.But the reason for the 1 star is it doesnt work.Yea you can hear sound from the game or movies you are watching and even hear other players but they cant hear you.Party chat doesnt work,from what I can see,Im not the only one with this issue. I follow all the instructions.For a headset at this price it is unexpectable.Thank goodness for amazon and their return policy because thats what Im doing returning this.I just  stick with my hyperx headset, which by the way doesnt sound that bad for  stereo sound headset for the price,and are really comfortable.
Ok, so this is the latest, and supposedly greatest headset from Astro Gaming.  I do not feel that way however.  Before I go into details, let me note that my last 4 headsets include this, the Turtle beach Elite 800X, first Gen Astro A50, and the Turtle beach XP500. The sound:  They sound good.  But I was expecting way more.  My first Gen A50 sound slightly better.  They dont have as much bass, and the highs seem to get distorted when the volume starts to get too high.  My TB Elite 800X had phenomenal sound quality. Microphone:  Ok, I absolutely loved the Turtle Beach Elite 800x, however the lack of a boom mic was a huge issue.  Many people would complain that I sounded like I was talking through a tin can.  So having a headset with a boom mic was exciting.  For the most part, many of my peers say I sound much better, then "beep beep robot", my voice suddenly sounds like I am a talking robot.  It seems to be happening more frequently as time goes by. Base station:  Another feature I liked about the TB Elite 800, wireless charging.  I am stoked to see that Astro implemented that.  It is a great feature, however, getting them to charge may be difficult at times.  This may be just me, however I never had a problem with the Elite 800. Other notes The battery life on these do not last anywhere near as long as I would have expected.  I play between 2-3 hours nightly, and they need to be charged by the end of my second night.  I do notice a lot of interference when streaming through my XBOX one or PS 4.  Way more than all my previous headsets.  Overall, I feel these are a step backwards from Astro, with the flaws in the TB Elite 800, Astro had a chance to capitalize and make something truly amazing, however I feel that they have missed out on that opportunity.  Being that I pre-ordered these, and they been delayed time and time again, I expected way more out of this headset.  For the price, you can get much better.  These should be priced at no more than $200.
Horrible. Mic is complete garbage. Sometime it worked sometime it didnt. Dont waste your time.
Instantly broke while removing scratch protection, customer support is difficult to use and sub-par for a $300 headset.
Garbage.  It cuts out constantly.  It dies even when it’s not in use and turned off and then you put it on the charger (which takes 5 minutes of moving it around until it hits the spot) and 45 minutes later it’s still flashing 1 bar and can’t turn it on.  I’ll be returning it
I bought this headset expecting the quality to be very good considering the hefty $300 price tag. I wasnt disappointed with the quality when it came to incoming audio and comfort. That is the reason I did not rate this headset with a 1-star. I rated this with a 2 star review because I was not impressed with the sound of the headsets microphone at all. I was using discord to talk to a bunch of my friends and I did a "side by side" test with this headset and the logitech g933 wireless headset. I also listened to a video so I could hear the differences between the two headsets. I was extremely dissatisfied with the mic quality of this headset. For $300, I was expecting something at least decent. I understand wireless headsets can only do so much since a lot of the mics quality is transferred through the wire of the headset itself using the specific audio ports or HDMI, but this headset is worth nowhere near its price tag if you are looking for a good wireless headset for PC. I have no idea how this is for console gamers, but Im sure youll have a similar issue there as well. If you are someone like me who was curious if this headset was truly worth $300, a quick recap of my post above is it is not worth nearly that much. I returned my headset the same day that I got it. Im no expert on everything audio, but I know that this headset is worth maybe half of its cost.
Worked for a few days and now it does not work and will not fully charge. You also need to contact customer service by email / that is pathetic.
Pros: - Comfortable - Microphone feature where it turns off when placed up is great Cons: - 5GHz disconnects frequently. Astros Software Center program shows the headset as disconnected frequently too. As far as I can tell, theres too much interference around me with all the wifi networks and the A50s are non-adjustable for frequency range. Ive looked at forums and this seems to be a common issue. Not a whole lot we can do to improve the situation. - Wired playback is not a backup option for the 5GHz issue. This headset is wireless only. - Auxiliary is not grounded properly. If you plug the auxiliary in to the same device that also has usb connected, expect static. This can be resolved with an auxiliary Ground Loop Isolator. Alternatively, Id suggest not plugging in the auxiliary cable. Astro recommended playing audio over usb on one of their forums. - The top foam pad has created a blonde strap of hair on my head. Not sure if this is the material, chemicals in the material, or just something normal with frequent headset use. - Default microphone setting is bad. I suggest installing the command center and switching the microphone setting to "Airy". - Headset looked like it was previously opened when I purchase it. Box was torn and some of the protective plastic was partially taken off of the headset and docking station. Other: - After a few months of using these, I upgraded to the Sennheiser HD1 wireless headset. Great decision.
Dont buy these for 330 you can do a lot better the mic doesnt work right they wont connect to the Xbox 1/2 the time I gave it 2 stars cause when they do work the sound quality is great
dont buy. they are bad and barely work.
This is a cool headset, but I really dont know If i  might have gotten a defective headset, but the one that received sounded distorted when there is base. Also in one week I had to unplug it three times from the Xbox because the mic wouldnt work. The switch on the mic stopped working and I had to move it up and down like three times so it would work correctly. Besides that, Im pretty sure that if you dont get a defective one, you will like it. Its very loud and you can tune it to your liking. But if you have any doubt about the chances of ending up with a defective one, you might want to order it from Amazon, you cant rely on Astro gaming support, i tryid contacting them three times and I was never able to reach them. At least Amazon has no hassle to return them. I would not order another one though , not for that price and risking ending up with junk. I purchased the turtle beach 420x wireless for 1/3 of the price. They work great.
Dead On Arrival. Sent them back and bought Logitech 800 elite.
Very poor design of USB power input. The slightest movement and it will stop charging. Have always to check and most times when I want to use, the headset is not charged. Waste of money.
When I first saw the new design, I was very excited. Since I had the old generation that required you to [try] to plug in the headset to charge, which was no less than an amazing feat in a dark setting, I thought the new generation would be really great and convenient. Now instead convenience, or fiddling with a cable, Im fiddling with an entire headset to sit just right for it to charge. The magnetic part of the base isnt very strong to snap anything into place. Overall, it was not worth it for me to "upgrade" to the new generation of headset. At the cost of this headset, and the supposed "feature" it offers, it should require nothing more than for me to slowly place my headset into the docking station. Everything else about the headset lived up to what I expected from Astro Gaming. I hope in the future you employ "Wireless" charging so the headset can simply be sat down on a pad, and that if that should happen you offer trade-ins with a significant discount for those of us you have provided this sub-par product.
I am having problems with connecting I have to unplug the base and plug it back it every time but after that it works
Ok, so I read a lot of reviews before investing in this headset. A lot of people are just straight up picky, but I am not. If you dont like what you have get rid of it and return it. Ive been learning to lean further and further away from peoples reviews/opinions. I have purchased high end things with mediocre reviews and 8/10 times people are just whining to whine. I am upgrading from a logitech G930 wireless headset. I have a gaming pc and xb1, so this is used for both. With that said, Im a stickler for absolute sound clarity. I like my music, I like to hear footsteps, I like to be able to decipher which way sound is coming from in a game immediatley. This headset delivers perfectly in that category. I was very impressed with all the new things I was hearing in all the games I regularly play. So this aspect sold me. Yes some people were right, the mic is pretty sad by my standards. It indeed sounds like Im trying to land my Boeing airplane, especially on xb1. My G930 mic was perfect. But if youre one of those streamer dudes you probably already have an auxillary mic. But if youre spending a pretty penny you shouldnt have to. My first biggest gripe. The toslink cable and mini usb cable are too short for my set-up so I had to make accomodations I did not like. Also the most important note... the female mini usb port on the dock is flimsy and loose. Only the astro mini usb fits snuggly and I still lose power if its NOT sitting just right. So this ticked me off a lot. Mini usbs are unreliable and easily break if you ask me. I even had a high quality flat mini usb cord and it still didnt fit as snug as the astro one... which is only like 2. I guess this gripe could be tied for first? Why did astro not put a second mini usb on the dock for a pc connection? I have the usb from the dock dominantly plugged into my pc. And you need the usb plugged into your xbox if you want voice com. So now I have to manually switch the usb between xbox and pc. This is purely annoying considering my set up. I can remedy the situation with a high quality usb hub I guess. But why when I spent $300.00. Otherwise the pc/xb switch works on the dock. The stand up charger is pleasing to the eye. The build quality of the headset is awesome, minus the dock and mini usb port. The sound is stellar on pc and xb1. If I am missing something with manual usb switching between pc and xb1 please educate me further. The headset is extremely light and comfortable. I have a huge head and some decent sized ears. The only discomfot I experience after 4hrs is a slight pressure point on the top of my head. I blame gravity for thay one... I would return this product if there were other comparible high end WIRELESS options from other competitors. But like I said, Im a sucker for sound and wireless products. I also purchased this at my local bestbuy for the same price.
Worst reliability Ive ever seen! I have the A40s and theyve been great!! but, I wanted a wireless set and after reading the reviews was skeptical  but loved my a40s. Well just because theyre made by the same company doesnt mean theyre just as good. The A50s lasted 2 weeks and now they wont power on or charge which seems to be a typical problem. Im returning to Amazon getting a refund and looking to go with the SteelSeries. Dont waste your time with this garbage but if your set on Astro go with the wired A40s or the good BestBuy extended warranty. Good luck!
I wouldnt recommend these to my worst enemy. The sound quality is great at times, but when the product is defective and cuts out 90% of the time it is worthless. Customer service is a joke and tells you they see no issues and then sends them back to you with BROKEN parts. Please do your own research before buying and stay away from this company in general - especially this product.
Game sound was amazing... but the there was an echo during chat with my friends.  I followed instructions on ASTROs website and updated the firmware but it didnt fix it.  Returning these!  Headsets at this price shouldnt have any issues!
Gave as a gift to my son. They stopped working second use and return window passed by three days.  Very upset. A lot of money for a quick low quality item.
It has barely been 1 month since I ordered them & they’re already mest up . I paid over $200 for an item that will end up getting mest up ? Srsly . I don’t recomend it , it says it’s charging & one you use them they only last about 20 minutes and then they die . & it’s not like they’re over charged or anything . My fiancé doesn’t use them for various amount of hours . I would say just go to Best Buy & purchase some from there . That’s what I had to do .
Advertised as like new..... Well thats true if appearances were everything.  No audio from left ear drivers, mic had broken up audio, and volume overall was barely above a whisper.  These discrepancies were verified by Astro tech support, who recommended to return them.
Pay $300 for a headset and gets one where the charging station quits working, the headset shuts off every so often and u have to unplug it to make it work again. DO NOT BUY.
Quality of sound is amazing, but they go to sleep every 20 seconds while I’m sitting and playing something. Takes shaking my head to wake them up. Super super annoying. Support for Astro is not the absolute best either, so I’m going to have to return them
The Headsets: The headsets are comfortable, sound amazing and easy to install. I can wear them for a really long time and not have any sort of discomfort. The volume wheel is in a natural spot. The voice/game mixer built onto the side of the right ear cup is fantastically simple to use. The ability to hook them up to your computer and truly customize your presets and update the product is something beyond what I had expected. Accessories: The headsets come with two cables; a mini usb and an optic cable. The ones that are provided are pretty short so depending on your set up you may need to purchase a longer optic and micro usb cable. Order: Received the same day and the headset was broken.  The volume wheel didnt work and it wouldnt stay connected.  For three days Astro Gaming jerked me around and just sent emails, they dont have phones in there service center apparently. The following is an actual quote from their service department when I asked to speak with someone, "Unfortunately we dont have phone lines for technical support issues at this time".  After a few days of BS and receiving standard FAQ responses I just went to Amazon and did their replacement. My new set was delivered to my door about 7 hours later. Moral of the story, if they are broken, just go straight to Amazon for replacement. My customer service with the company may have been horrendous but their product, when it works, is phenomenal. UPDATE: June 30th - I come back from a week on the road and they are inexplicably broken. When on the stand it says charged to 75%, take it off and theres nothing there. It wont turn on at all. It wont charge. Its useless. I did a lot of YouTube research and it appears this is a common thing. Id steer anyone away from these unless you want to buy headsets every couple months.
Got this for Christmas and was hyped about its all in 1 capability.  After a week of use I placed it on the charger and heard a disgusting screech.  The screech must have shorted something out because on the dock it showed the headset battery draining but the headset itself was dead (no sound/functionality).  It worked again once the batteries died and I fully recharged it. Pros- 1)All in one with long lasting battery Cons- 1)Low quality sound vs other headsets (replaced these with great Sennheiser HD 598SE) 2)Mediocre mic
I must have received a bad apple. The headset sounds AMAZING when its working. If u get one that doesnt have the issue mine has, youre going to enjoy your product. My issue with the product is that the sound cuts in and out. The base stations power bars and dolby logo turn off when the headset does this. Its frustrating and at times i cant get any sound for minutes at a time. I contacted Astro and they will replace the bad unit. Ill change my rating depending on their customer service. Another issue is the mic lag. You cant use these for competitive gaming due to a 4 second delay in the time it takes for your voice to reach the rest of the people you are talking to. Sometimes, i will turn on my xbox and realize that my headset is out of juice, even though it was turned off. This is because seating the headset on the dock is a hit and miss. You have to play around with it and pray that it sits still while youre sleeping. All in all, i regret buying it. I shouldve gone with some A40s with the mixamp pro.
they were a nice feeling headset sound was ok for wireless but battery time was not the best at least for the pair i receaved i just went ahead and went bank to my asus 7.1 strix headset sounds much nicer
Issues with product working.  Tried to contact the manufacturers Customer support but you cannot speak to anyone.  Only support is available through email.  I am returning and buying a brand who values CS.
Out of the box and after set up and the latest firmware updates, the audio was incredible. Surround sound was great! Mic quality left a lot to be desired. The feedback I got was that I sounded really far away, or like there was an obstruction between my mouth and the boom mic. I changed settings with the Astro Command Center, and now I have a great headset to use!
I was pretty excited for these but theyve been a pretty big let down.  The signal range isnt nearly as good as Id hoped.  They cant project around my (very small) apartment very well, so listening is very choppy if I get up from my system.  The microphone gets complaints constantly.  People always say that Im cutting out, that my voice is unclear, or that I get this broken robotic sound to my voice.  Also, the adjustment on the right side is so loose that it slips out to maximum size on that side within a few seconds of me shortening it up.  Finally, the cradle is terrible.  Getting my headphones to line up with the charging pads is a lot more of a pain than it should be, and I frequently have to fiddle with them for a little while every time I put them on the cradle to get charging going.  Before you ask, no, Im not stupid.  Putting something on this cradle should be simple and this just isnt, somehow.
The base is messing up a little under a week from the one month return date. I wouldnt mind if I was able to return for a different headset :(
While this headset looks and feels great, it has some serious issues. First off, the mic is horrible. It makes your voice sound tinny and muffled. You can fix this a little bit with the software you can download from their website, but it still sounds terrible, and my $40 headset has way better mic quality. The second thing is that the headset does not reliably connect to the base station for charging. You have to push it on and kinda wiggle it around for it to actually connect. This also means that a small bump or nudge can stop the headset from charging, which can really ruin a gaming session. After owning this headset for a week, I bought a different headset to use instead.
The headset was in mint condition as listed.  However, it did not come with the digital optical cable and will not work without one.
Mic doesnt work but does the job
Works well. I would have given it a better rating but for the price it cuts out to much. Update after more use this headset for the price has to many issues. With constant disconnects times you can’t get the headset to charge on the base station or times the light is lite up orange saying it’s charging just to find out the next day it didn’t charge at all. AVOID THIS HEADSET!!!
Complete garbage, don’t buy. Audio cuts out, pops, and microphone sound is horrid. Needs to be taken off shelves. If you don’t trust me, look up all the issues and videos people post. All have the same problems.
Good headset, but not worth the price
Ive been a long time customer of Turtle Beach, mostly the lower end headsets, and wanted to finally try out the top of the line Astros. Immediately regretted this. Absolutely horrible product that came with microphone issues and didnt work well at all. I highly recommend going with any wired Turtle Beach headset instead. I went with the Elite Pro Tournament and am very happy with it.
I would give -10 stars if I could my headset is always dead and never pairs to my console I hate mine so much I would not recommend to any I even called Astro tech support and they didnt help at all
I bought these based on the name and reputation Ive heard about Astro. I hated muffling the game sound in one ear using the old school Xbox headset and wanted to have unobstructed sound.  So a gaming headset with a built in mic should solve the problem, right? Well I have to say I have been severely let down and will never purchase anything from Astro again. Ill start with the good. Pros: -game sounds are really good. High fidelity and the EQ is manually adjustable when you connect to a computer to bring the lows mids and highs to your desired levels. -good range without losing signal. -feel really comfortable. Could wear these for hours at a time. Cons: -the mic. Its HORRIBLE... when it actually works. The mic on mine has only worked for 2 out of about 10 gaming sessions. My Xbox wont even recognize I have a mic when using this. What is the point of a gaming headset if I cant talk to my team? If I play with others, this headset ends up sitting on the table and I have to resort to the crappy one that comes with the Xbox. -of the 2 sessions where my voice did go through, my friends had a really hard time hearing and understanding me. Said I sounded robotic and distant. Had to use the software to tweak my voice settings and that made it so my friends could understand me, but they still said I sounded really weird and distant. -Ive wasted more time trying to get this headset to work than time Ive spent using them in a game. Thats pathetic usability. In todays world if I pay $300 for anything, it better do its job. These fail miserably in that regard. Not plug and play. -in order to get these to "sort of work" I had to manually configure them using my computer. Not a huge deal - except when your team is yelling at you for being AFK for 10 minutes to make minor tweaks that dont amount to much. Im not running to my computer every time I join a group chat. Thats stupid and not how things are supposed to work. -I cant comment on the microphone-related features because I cant get these to work long enough to try them out. If the microphone actually worked, I would give these a much higher score. I bought these specifically so I could talk to people - if I just wanted to have better game sounds I would have purchased a nicer pair of AudioTechnica regular old headphones for half the price and been happier with better sound quality. Either the designers at this company do not have the skills required to design wireless VoIP, dont care about quality at all, or rushed a crap product out the door for a quick buck. Regardless, this ends up being a terrible product. Im so disappointed this mistake cost me $300. Learn from me and take a hard pass on this expensive pile of garbage... Unless you play exclusively solo games and never intend on using these to talk to others.
Let me start off by saying that Im a big astro fan. Ive been using astros for about 6 years now and never looked back. I bought the new generation 3 a50s last week and so far my entire experience with them has been terrible. Out of the box they look great. They feel good, theyre comfortable and I had high hopes. However, the setup process was not particularly straightforward. There are some audio setting you need to mess with on your xbox and even then the mic would some times just not work. Pairing the headset to the dock is simple enough, but I found that sometimes Id power them on and my mic just wouldnt register at all in party chat. Only a full power cycle of the xbox and headset would resolve the issue. Then comes the real problem. The random disconnects of the headset are absolutely unacceptable in a headset at this price range. My headset will constantly lose connection and I can see it disconnecting on the dock as well (when the headset is on the dock has battery info displayed on the front). This happens seemingly at random and nothing I have done has seemed to fix it. I tried repairing it to the dock. I updated the firmware to the latest version. I made sure that the headset had plenty of juice. My router is nowhere near the dock or where Im sitting and I live in a pretty big house so Im not anywhere near the kitchen either. I tried multiple optical audio cables (including the one I used with my previous astro headset) and nothing helped. I also tried contacting astro, but that proved to not be very helpful. I wrote a rather detailed email about the various steps I was taking. I watched their YouTube videos on how to set it up and double checked all the wiring. I even called astro but apparently you cant speak to the tech support guys on the phone. The guy I did speak with was nice and tried running through a couple troubleshooting steps with me. He said it would help speed things along and that he would add some notes to my account so we can skip to some more advanced trouble shooting methods. However, when I received my email from the tech support guys, all they did was ask me to do the exact same stuff I already told them I did (via the email and on the phone with the guy) and offered no real solutions to my problem. I think I forgot to mention I also have that weird robot voice issue that many other people were complaining about. At this point Im most likely just going to say forget it and return these. I hate that this is necessary because I really wanted to like them, but I dont see much of a choice here since astro really dropped the ball on this one. Just one more note,  the sound quality while theyre working is pretty great. The fact that you can enable and disable the dolby surround is nice too. If only they stayed connected I might have just dealt with the crappy mic sound.
I really like the headset but for the price Bluetooth and the noise canceling pads should of been included. Sterero sound is really good and its easy to adjust the EQ on the PC. The souround sound sounds like crap, it has a bad echo and some kind of weird metal sound to it. I will never use that setting for anything. Of they fix that I would give them 5 stars. Its also kind of hard sometimes to get the headset in the right spot to start charging and every time I turn on my Xbox I need to unplug the base so it will recognise it on my Xbox. Not a really big deal but it something they need to fix. The headset feels like its built really well, I hope it will last. I have tried two other $300+ headsets and this one is the most comfertable and fells like its built the best also.
Got my headset set it up followed all instructions, used it once. The next day went to use it again and had to hard reset them, had to re load all the preset audio commands. Since day one of having this headset Ive had issue of one channel audio (audio only plays out of the right ear piece) and my mic cutting in and out. It is terribly frustrating considering it is a $300 headset. They are comfortable though, and when they actually work they work very well. Currently in contact with Astro customer support, will update review depending on if they manage to give me a fix or exchange my broken product for a product that works.
Actually the headset is good, BUT having to buy a new amplifier every fewmonths makes this a bad buy. The issue is the Mixamp80 has a cord coming out of it with a plug on the other end for attaching to the headset. The cord is flat and very flexable. Inside are very thin wires that break. When this happens you have to buy a new mixamp for $75. In 18 months I now have 3 broken amps. Would be a great product if they had put a plug on both ends so you didnt get bilked for $75. Reminds me of the old inkjet printer that sold for $25 and the ink cartridges cost $50 each.
Pretty disappointed with it. When it works its great, but half the time I struggle with it. Almost every day I have to try and get it to reconnect to the docking station. It will randomly just turn off, with zero lights and you will have to hold couple buttons and try and get it to reconnect.  I thought having a wireless headset would be great, but its more of a headache.  It is comfy and light, but not worth the money after the issues I am dealing with. Now could just be the one I received, so I hope if you do buy it you never have the issues I have. Currently cannot get my headset to turn on to reconnect to the docking station.....
Headset works kinda, base station does not. Base station poorly designed, takes 5 minutes to figure out the precise position to set the headset on the base so it will charge. On a very frequent basis the headset disconnects from base and is rendered useless. Additionally, microphone audio is poor quality.
First off, I bought this headset to replace my aging wired Astro A40s. They were pretty good overall but the cable they came with kept crapping out and I would have to go through sub-par customer support to have them send me new ones so I wouldnt blow out my friends eardrums with static. When I got the A50s I first spent way to long going through the horrible UI in the Astro Command center software (which they dont give you a way to install such as a disc or automatically when you plug it in, nor do they even tell you about it in the packaging) trying to figure out how to stop my own voice from playing out of the headset (why is that a feature at all and even if someone does find it useful, why is it enabled by default?). I finally get it sounding alright after tweaking all the nondescript settings (having to wait while the changes sync each time) and two sound devices showing up in my device manager (Astro A50 Game and Astro A50 Voice???) before it starts disconnecting every 5 minutes or so after just a couple hours of use. When the disconnecting started, the battery indicator in Astro Command Center said 75%, but when I put it back on the base to reconnect it, it immediately jumped down to 50% (after just 2 and a half hours of use!). You WILL NOT be able to get the supposed 15 hours of battery life, even with just listening to music. Im pretty done with Astro at this point. If you are going to charge $300 for a headset, you need to make sure it actually works and doesnt just look pretty.
For me I play a lot of Call of Duty and the game chat was constantly having connection issues with pairing the XBOX. There is the potential for updates that if your able to download the software from astros website you might be able to update that issue but for the money I was hardly impressed. The connection to the base was horrible the magnets where annoying and once did not hook up and the battery depleted throughout the night and where really hot when I woke up so I returned that pair. Then the second pair after I did the update when they hit the base would make an awful humming noise and then wouldnt properly sink with the base. Then I went to the A40s and being wired directly to the Xbox with the AMP in the middle was cumbersome and as much as I would like an advantage over other players i was not impressed for being restricted at that price point either. The Audio was good for gaming for both units but for the price had to return them just was disappointed heard a lot of good things about Astros Ended up buying the HyperX CloudX great audio gave me both leather and cloth ear peaces out of the box did not try to gouge me and a wire to a wireless controller in my mind is good enough for me.
Everything is really nice love the headset so far. But why cant you throw in a six dollar charging cable. So annoying yo.
Decent sound. Not comfortable. They are too heavy and weigh on your head.
Broken twice in 3 months, constantly drops in and out of connection with the x1. Save your money these have way too many issues to waste $300
Over all everything was great, theyre very user friend to setup. An are one of the most comfortable headset Ive own for some time, but it all went down hill after i updated the dock and headset... Why did I bother to learn to read?? I follow the little paper that came with headphone and installed software and it asked me to update. After the update my dock still seems to work as well responds to headphone, but headphone stopped working. Disconnect the dock reconnected as well try different mini-USB. Restarted computer nothing - - Software and dock show headphone fully charged uninstalled software. Restarted still broken. Already emailed customer service on their website and will keep everyone updated. JUST giving helpful info if your looking at these 300$ boys be careful and dont give away old headphone... Will keep you all updated --- UPDATED --- Waited to hear from Astro no reply, contact Amazon about doing a full refund and they asked me why. Amazon was more helpful on getting a replacement sent out over Astro - - Rating 3/5 just for poor customer service over at Astro - - Updated will follow when very helpful Amazon get a replacement to me
This is my first Astro headset purchase. Ill touch on pros and cons from my own experience. Pros: Sound quality is good, nice simulation of 7.1 surround, for both gaming and watching videos. No issues with the quality of how my voice sounds with the mic. Comfortable and fit over your entire ear. It is completely wireless, which is the key feature for me. I dont care that it doesnt hook up to my mobile device, nor would I want it to. The charging dock is nice, and the headset lasts quite some time, perhaps even more than the 15 hours. Cons: Device cuts in-and-out a lot, and Im not sure if its due to wireless interference or something else. Its actually starting to get really annoying, and at times, is a constant problem. Additionally, I have to keep unplugging the charge station from the Xbox and then plugging it back in because the mic isnt being picked up. When I plug it back in, the Xbox tells me "Headset Assigned" and then the mic works. This is frustrating, as the sound works automatically upon placing the unit on my head, but Ill often have to fiddle with the charge station for the mic to activate. Overall: Id give these a 7.5/10. Sound quality is good, but probably wont blow you away. Same with the mic. The wireless feature is the key selling point here, and if you can live with some wireless interference and forking over $300, then these should be the ones for you. Im debating whether to keep or return the set. For the price, Im not blown away by the sound quality and the interference is very frustrating. I have an older Turtle Beach headset Ill test later, making a final determination as to whether I keep the A50s or not.
Great sound, light weight, all day comfort, and low heat on ears. HOWEVER, the mic or the mic software is garbage. I went from gen 1 A50 to this gen 3s and all my friends thought my mic was broke yet it was a brand new 240 dollar headset. They said I sounded like I was talking into a pillow and muffled. I went thru all the mic setings on the computer like some videos said but nothing was as good as gen 1 A50s. Base charger sucks, amber light is on and base meter is pulsing like its charging, next day same charge as before. Use the micro usb charge on headset for better results.
Decent quality sound. These dropped off of my t.v. stand and part of the band broke. A height of about 3 feet. Expect a little better quality and durability for the price.
Getting the voice chat to work is a nonstop fight with the Xbox One. Not worth it. And the rechargable battery lasts about a year....and when you contact the company to see about getting the battery replaced, they tell you to bad. $250 for a headset with about a life expectancy of a year is nuts. No thanks.
These crapped out and I just got them in November. The headset only works when its plugged in. Ive left it charged over night and still only works when its plugged in with the micro USB cord. I love Astros and had the a50 model before this one, but this is my first bad experience with them. Hoping to get a refund or replacement or a solution.
The headset itself is awesome. The sound quality is excellent and the surround sound function is awesome. It also is really great I can just transfer the base station between my PC and Xbox and seamlessly chat through both devices. The crappy thing is the headset often will just cut out. I will be in the middle of a game and all game sound and chat will just go blank for five seconds and then return. This is frustrating when I am playing cooperative games requiring accurate voice communication. Very disappointed I am having this problem with a 200+ dollar headset.
Mic broke, it happens, but because its built into the headphone there is no way to replace it and Astro/Logitechs only solution was to have me buy a new one. Would have happily paid to ship it back and have them fix just the mic and charge me for the repair as any other high end headphone would. Didnt realize Astro was purchased by Logitech or I would have stayed clear. Looks like Ill be getting out the soldering iron.
Bought these as a Christmas gift for my son based on recommendations from friends that have other Astro products.  He has a PC and XBox setup, and thought the switch functionality would be a good feature. Hooked them up to XBox, and they sound amazing.  Very clear, dynamic, with a good sound stage. We ran into the first major issue with the mic, however.  He got online with his friends, and they all thought he sounded like he was talking through a pillow.  I got online with our other XBox, and agreed with them.  The sound from the mic was terrible.  After researching online, it appears others are having the same issue.  We updated the firmware of the unit at the recommendation of some of the forums, and through the update and EQ changes were able to make the sound at least acceptable.  It still sounded slightly muffled and over-compressed, but it was easier to understand him.  However, for the price paid for these headphones, the mic should sound at least as good as the mic on the XBox freebie headset, and it isnt. The real problem started 2 days ago (about 3 weeks after getting them).  The headphones will sit fine in the dock, showing that they are charging and/or charged.  Upon removing from the dock, they will not power on, however.  Tried hooking them straight to USB, still nothing. All this being said, theyre going back to Amazon.  I wanted to like them, a lot, and was excited about them when we first listened to the sound they could produce.  If they worked out well for him, I was going to purchase a pair for myself as well.  The mic, while extremely aggravating and disappointing, at least was usable.  Once the power-on problems started, that was it.
DONT BUY. Ever since I got it i have had issues. When ever i first use them I have to unplug them and plug them in for it to connect my mic. Then you have to fidget with the set to get them to charge on the base station.
Stopped working after 3 weeks. Astro support is bad. Do not buy.
Nice having the headset with full wireless but there are little things here and there that are annoying 1. The power plug on the back unplugs itself way too easy. 2.the left speaker randomly pops every hour or so Ive heard this from many other people 3. The microphone quality is piss poor sounds like youre speaking in a tin can to other people 4. The headset doesnt always magnetism to the Base as easily as advertised in most cases its very difficult to make it fit on the charger
It was a good headset. The worst aspect of this is the mic. It had some really cool little features, but they come short on some of the key aspects of a headset. Not worth the $300.
Worked fairly well for a couple of weeks then stopped working all together.
Horrible reliability and a company that wont stand behind their product and its well known charging issues. The best headsets you should never buy.
Ive owned 3 turtle beach headsets, all of which broke within months of purchase, so I decided to swap companies. I havent been happy with ASTRO on my first product purchase of the A50s. The headset stopped working after 15 minutes, with a full battery charge. The headset will not turn back on. Base station indicates full battery after 2 days of charging. Contacted their customer service, which did not help at all. It took them two days to reply with the generic "Have you tried turning it off and on again" line. Getting a replacement from Amazon, but probably will return this one too if I dont like it since I didnt get much play time with the first one. DO NOT BUY.
Okay, I have now completely turned around in my opinion of these. This is something very important for those interested in getting these. In a nutshell, the sound quality sucks compared to the previous version of these with the wireless mixamp (gen 2). I have no f**** clue what Astro was thinking when they released these. Im not an audio expert, but if youre wondering where Im getting my sources from, Im sitting here with both versions next to me. The issue is that there is a OBVIOUS and BLATANT metallic echo to any sound with the new A50s. I literally tweeted at Astro asking them if there was a fix or if I something I was doing wrong. After doing some research, Astro has acknowledged that this exists and claimed that its meant to be like this- that its a preference and not a issue. They say they arent fixing it. Literally, when you hear the difference, youd think whoever made this a "new" feature is mental. It doesnt sound like an improvement or a feature, it sounds like a deficiency that was never addressed. If you dont believe that there is a sound difference/issue, please watch this video (youtube(dot)com/watch?v=LtNF1i2eSwg). The 1st demonstration is good, its how the gen 2 A50s sound. Great quality. The 2nd demonstration in the video is exactly how the new A50 base station sounds. I dont know what else to say. If Astro hasnt addressed this issue by my return date, Im sending these back.
mic quality is aweful cant even talk to players thank god for amazons return policys
Not that impressed. All Ive really ever wanted for the Xbox One is a headset similar to the old 360 wireless headset . This Astro sounds worse than my speakers and has terrible range.
Item was not as described, like new condition, very schached and filthy, not in the condition I did expect , Not worth the price ...
Not as much bass as people said it has. The sound is good overall. I had some inexpensive turtle beach head phones 6 years ago that had crazy bass. These dont live up to those.
This headset simply does not work if you or any neighbor has 5gz wifi. Astro does nothing to help you solve the problem. Ive had three different astro headsets and all three have given me problems. They do not stand behind their products and they will never get another cent from me.
Trash $300 product. My 1st gen astro a50 is better in every way except mix amp software and battery. This Gen 3 a50 constantly cuts out and Astro got bought out, so they have no support anymore for their products. If you want to watch short YouTube clips or full movies with the pretty good sounding 7.1 surround going, you better not be far away from the keyboard or remote so you can pause or rewind quickly. Im so sick of constantly having to pause a video because this headset starts crackling, and then completely goes out for a second or few. It happens multiple times per minute. Ive tried moving the base station, switching my cell phone to the 2.4 ghz wifi signal so its on a different frequency, nothing stops the sound constantly cutting out. It messes up games, shows, movies, anything that you need to hear.
Supposed to be on of the best on the market and are returning it after a couple of weeks of use due to a known issue of it dying. Well see how the new one does...
Absolutely horrendous. I bout these on the Christmas sale for 250.00. It took me about 2 days to return them. Pros: Sound quality was great.   Comfortable   Truly wireless   No more 10 bucks a week on batteries. Cons: no mute button on mic. Yes I am aware.  that you can flip it up( not good enough)   Mic quality is absolutely AIDS! I mean I downloaded the update. Borrowed my neighbors brand new set and same problem. I did not even tell my friends that I was on a new mic. They kept asking why my mic sounded crappy (robotic, muffled) Save yourself the money. Get the original sound cloud x headset and the gen 1 astro mix amp from ebay. Save yourself about 200 bucks. FYI, Astros gen 1 mixamp is their best one. Do your research people. Stop letting big name companies like this produce garbage for us to buy. And whoever commented true 7.1 surround sound....... Wrong. It is referred to as directional surround sound bc it uses a technology in the SINGLE speaker from each ear to give the hearer direction. Far from true surround sound, which was found out to be non-viable in headsets bc of the 7 speakers it would require. Hence 7.1 surround sound. Edit: currently using the turtle beach elite pro with the gen 1 mixamp from astro. A little better quality than my cloudxs but in a grey area of whether or not the price is worth it. I leaning towards yes.
Just wow. I bought the Astros with a big discount I only paid around $170 which was a mind blowing price for an item that just came out! BUT I ended up returning them anyways. Dont get me wrong the Astros A50s are really good for video games as the 7.1 sound is amazing BUT it sucks for music which shouldnt matter if youre buying for gaming. The mic on the headset is mehh.. for a $300 product you expect a good mic but this one is not very good at all. First off if you want to charge the headset while for example sleeping you have to plug it into the wall and cant use the charging station as it doesnt function when plugged into the wall. Also the usb cord it comes with is very short so you have to be very close to your pc when playing games while charging. Now the main reason I gave this product 1 star. I only had for like a week and I have never dropped it and took good care of it, the battery was running low so I put it on the charging station and it made a crackling noise and turned off. I wasnt able to turn it back on after that. Overall the product is alright youre paying mainly for the brand name and not the quality. Yes the sound is nice for games yes the design is cool and yes the ear pads are easy to remove BUT is it really worth $300? I mean even the mod pack isnt included when those ear pads should come with the headset in the first place since youre paying $300.. Final thoughts: If you want quality headset for both games and music I recommend you look elsewhere. If you want the headset ONLY for games as I said its alright but not worth the $300. For that price you can get some high quality headphones and buy a attachable microphone and itll be 10x better.
My first experience with ASTRO headsets goes back 3 years with the A50s (think gen 1).  The mic broke on that headset, which seems to have been a common problem with that generation.  Even though I spent $100/year in aggregate for those A50s to end with a broken mic, I decided to give these new ones a shot. Out of the box they sound great...then the trouble started - No mic connectivity.  I searched the web for hours capturing all of the solutions on how to fix this known issue; from turning the switch on the base to PC and back to Xbox, Power Cycling, Etc., nothing worked.  I was surprised to see how widespread this issue seems to be with no shortage of videos and forum chatting about it.  I did run across one such forum in which a representative from ASTRO placed the blame on Xbox and recommended the customer taking it up with them for the chat mic connectivity.  Thats when I decided to return these and will never buy ASTRO headsets again. I returned the A50s and purchased the HyperX Cloud Pro Headset - After a month of use the HyperX Cloud Pro is a great headset!  They sound amazing and (to me) have better surround sound than the ASTROs.  They are very light and comfortable even after hours of gaming.  The ear pieces block out a lot of noise.  The mic is the best part...it works!! And have had compliments on the sound.  The HyperX mic is lag-free.  Finding out that ASTROs, at least the original A50s I had, had a lot of mic lag.  For $75, you absolutely cannot go wrong with the HyperX Cloud Pro.
Was so happy when I bought these. Most expensive pair Ive had as well. The only grievance I have is how frustratingly hard it is to set the headphone on the base where they will charge. Seems like it should be an easy transition but the spot has to be ever just so. I stopped used the base to charge it and use my external battery. Charging from the computer is slow as well.
Let me start out saying that this is the best headset Ive used. The sound is crisp and clear, with a nice amount of bass. But the issue with this headset is, they have way too many problems. This is my second pair and the same issues coming across. This headset is not worth $300. With the amount of problems on the internet, it discusts me how much these cost. But when they work, they work very well.
Pieces of crap. Connectivity issues from day one. 5 feet from the receiver and still getting static and issues if itger people not hearing me. Constantly having to place headset on stand to re establish connection. Finally today headset will not connect at all to Xbox. I should have thrown these away immediately. Do not buy this waste of money. I have regretted it over the last year trying to say the comfort was worth it. It wasnt .
This headset is the most durable and such great sound then crap it goes down from there. When talking to my team mates they start to me to Reset my headset because I sound like a robot and the headset keeps shutting on me all the time. Ive had these things for awhile wish I returned them earlier now its to late
Light use. 2 months ownership. Wireless headset charges and connects to base but no longer powers on. Such a waste of money.
Bought em, hooked em up like all videos show. Audio comes thru headset fine, Mic never works. Tried all remedies I could find on the Internet with no luck. I used to swear by Astro with the wired A40s and told all turtle beach owners they should make the switch. Astro has really let me down this year and I’m done fooling with them. I’d rather use the Xbox Mic that comes with it. PC wasn’t much better, guess my wireless router interferes with them and audio constantly cuts out.
Just to give you a heads up. I purchased the Astro A50 wireless headphones 2 years ago, February 2015. I absolutely loved them. Sound and comfort was great, but I only ever was able to get about 6 hours on the battery before it required a recharge. I have heard the newer models lasts longer. After 2 years that time has dropped off considerably. Obviously they were no longer under warranty, but I did like them enough to be willing to pay a repair charge, My big disappoint came when I contacted ASTRO in October 2017 about sending them in to have the battery changed. They promptly responded that they do not do repairs on older headphones. Just to be clear, I purchased these directly from Astro in 2015 and they longer will service them only after 2 years. So if you are OK paying hundreds of dollars for only 2 year, then they are great while they are working, but be advised that you need to consider them as throw away items.
Bought the ASTRO A50 Wireless Dolby Gaming Headset on March 31, 2017. It cost $300.00 and the microphone quit working in October 2017. It lasted only 6 months. Very disappointed with the short life span of this product as it was very expensive.
so I bought these and immediately fell in love with them. excellent sound quality and they are very comfortable and then about 10 days after purchase they starting having connection issues and I requested a return because I thought they were just faulty headsets. turns out I was wrong. got my replacement pair and about 12 days into those pairs connection issues came back but they werent that often so I dealt with it. this issues slowly started to get worse along with every time I turned on my headset I had to switch between pc mode back to xbox mode just so I could hear my friends and it stopped charging properly and now ultimately my headsets wont even turn on anymore. Ive tried reseting my xbox thinking that might be the issue and ive unplugged and plugged everything back in to the wireless docking bay and still nothing. it wont even turned on when plugged into a direct USB cord. I paid 300 dollars for a product that broke on me not one but twice and didnt even last 3 months. these things are hot garbage and should get the wired ones. my younger brother has had the wired ones for 2 years and has no issues. so yeah dont buy these terrible and overpriced headsets that will break in a month.
Lasted about 3 months. Just refused to power on one day. Still waiting on ASTRO to respond.
I dont know how they think they can get away with putting such a bad sounding mic on a 300 dollar headset, especially when the free mic that is included in with the console sounds better. The sound quality and build quality is great but when I was talking with my friends in a party they all said I sounded robotic and was too quiet. I will be returning my pair.
Headset is great. Wireless is convenient. Really comfortable and sound in game is really good, but in the end I had to return them. The mic quality is not good at all. I was told multiple times that I sounded robotic, far away, and like I was speaking through a can. Another thing I found inconvenient was to put yourself on mute you have to move the mic all the way up. I would have preferred to have a mute button to quickly mute if I have to cough or sneeze or something like that. My party immediately heard the difference when I started speaking and said that I sounded better on my 79.99 headsets. I tried looking for a firmware update and was unable to find one. When I returned them I was told that someone else had returned them due to the same reason. I would have kept them, but for 300 bucks I need more than just surround sound. Overall. Great sounding comfortable headsets with a really bad mic. If youre someone who doesnt really play with others or speak a lot you will enjoy these as the 7.1 Surround sound is awesome. A lot of people are saying they sounded amazing. I would advise before buying to look at more than these reviews. Look at forums and YouTube reviews before making a decision.
Some context.. prior to these, I had a pair of Astro A40s for the Xbox One with the built-in wired MixAmp M80. Those are stereo and I LOVED them already. Prior to that, I had a ≈$100 Turtle Beach headset. I figured upgrading from the A40s to A50s for a great price.. I couldnt go wrong. Sadly not true. The sound on them is amazing! 7.1 surround sound versus just simulated surround sound using stereo on my a40s. The problem is the wirelessness of the things. -I can not get through a 1 hour gaming session without them going silent with some kind of disconnection for a couple of seconds several times. That might seem unimportant.. but when youre in a heated fight or someone in a co-op game just gave out an important command and you either cause a wipe or die because of it.. youre not going to be happy. Especially when it happens at least every 5-20 minutes. In fact.. I was watching TV while typing this review and it happened while typing the first line. -Ill log in to play and hop into a competitive game or chat lobby and start talking and despite hearing sound my mic just doesnt pick up anything. Ive had them for less than 2 months and this has happened 4 or 5 times. I end up having to unplug the base and do some kind of reset too. Just turning the headset on and off doesnt fix it. -minor gripe.. they are heavier on the head than the a40s which makes sense.. but can get a tad painful. You have to shift the top strap forward or back an inch every 30 mins or so. -They have a very premium price! Normal price is $300 (although I got them for $225). Some of these issues could be forgiven if the price wasnt so freaking premium. You could literally buy the best noise canceling music headphones from Sony or Bose for the same money. -The charging base is awful. I was hoping it was exaggerated in reviews.. but it isnt. They have to stand upright and you cant just place them on the base with one hand. The headphones naturally separate slightly when holding them from the top.. but the ONLY position they can charge in has the bottom of both earpieces touching ever so slightly. There are a pair of metal contacts on the bottom of either earpiece that have to make contact with a very specific spot on the dock.. and I routinely have to lift them up and place them back down anywhere from 3-5 times to see the charging indicator come on. And the inconvenience of wireless headphones in the first place is already annoying.. Id rather keep them on the couch.. but theyve got to go back behind the entertainment console every time or theyll be dead when I go to use them next. -One other thing I think is a downgrade thats marketed as an upgrade is the whole "turn the microphone up to mute". I used to have a mute button attached to my control. I like to think Im a considerate person. If I had to sneeze or talk to a family member or a smart speaker... Id almost always mute my headset really quickly with my thumb and unmute when I did/said what was needed. Now its way more difficult to flip the entire microphone 90 degrees before I sneeze or anytime I need to respond to someone Im not gaming with. There are no fewer than 6 buttons or nobs on the right earpiece.. and they couldnt add a mute mic button. Guess they thought itd be redundant.. but Id have been happy. Poor design choice imo. -Other reviews complained about the mic quality, but I didnt experience this and I tested it with friends who knew my voice well from my a40s, they said I sounded normal. Other reviews say these headphones straight up die a few months in.. and this kinda terrifies me. Hoping this doesnt happen for me. If it does.. Ill add my review to the list of 1s --- FINAL VERDICT.. so why did I keep them? I was literally writing a review with the headline "RETURNED.. despite buying on sale for $225". But if youll recall I was watching TV when I was writing this review. Game of Thrones. I had the smart idea to turn on my a40s and a50s and just compare the sound quality. My a40s which I always thought were incredible after my previous headset sounded decent. Then I put on the a50s. Its just SUCH a richer sound. Everything about it is gorgeous. A nice, deep bass. The sound is just so much more full. Its almost incomparable how good the sound is. And it does translate to my video games. Battlefield, Destiny 2, Red Dead Redemption, Overwatch. Ive played all of these games in these headphones and they sound incredible. I reeeally wanted to hate these headphones. I came REEEALLY close to returning them. But Im sad to say Im going to tough it out and pray that things dont get worse and that they dont die on me. Im going to look into seeing if there are any firmware updates and pray that they fix the random disconnect issues. Ill keep the review updated if things get better or worse.
Sound quality was 7/10 but wasnt worth the price tag Comfort was 7/10 Mic 1/10 Terrible sound quality for people listening, mic cut in and out randomly after two weeks of use, and picked up transient sounds all the time. Ive heard great things about Astro but this headset just doesnt do them justice.. The charging base is clunky and doesnt make contact properly half the time. I was very surprised with how poor of quality the microphone was for a $300+ price tag. The headset would turn itself on and off randomly with full battery and sitting right next to the base which acts as the receiver. Overall a very poor product for the price.
I Love Astros and have owned 2 previous pairs that served me quite well. Then Logitech bought them out. Since then, quality is garbage. I’ve purchased 3 sets of these. One from Astro. Sound goes in out enough that it will rekt your FPS experience. 2 I bought from amazon. One I returned for the same reason and even though the 3rd pair does it, it does it less frequently and I got 90$ off. And it was past 30 days. The base station and headphone don’t mount very well. Battery life isn’t what they claim neither is the 30ft distance. Great idea and  great sound when they work, but poor execution and implementation. But they keep my ears really warm in the winter and I look like a cyborg or mr Roboto (80s ref) 10 year customer and I’ll never buy from astros again.
If you live in a populated area DO NOT BUY THESE. due to the way they designed their hardware it will be unusable in wifi heavy areas. they will literally tell you to by a dif headset (wired) if you complain. in underpopulated areas they work. It is also important to note that their is no wired override for these, meaning if you are in a wifi heavy area you cannot use them, at all.
Doesnt even compare to the Turtle beach 800.. And a 100$ less.. Astros dont even have Bluetooth capability WTF over!
Sound quality is great, easy setup. The buttons however, are somewhat confusing when trying to optimize chat volume with game volume. The charging stand also presents an issue, as the headset doesn’t sit quite right and needs some serious coaxing to get it to charge.
dont understand i bought this and i charged it for 24 hours and still not working its ben on the charger for almost 2 days..... kinda a shame that i love these headphones and thare not charging
Do not buy this headset. Complete waste of money, no customer service, game chat doesnt work at all on most games, so much more that I hate but no time. Worst money Ive ever spent
What you hear sounds great. But to your friends you sound horrible. The microphone is garbage, and from what Ive seen Astro refuses to acknowledge it.
I have been a long time Astro fan; however, when I received this headset I had nothing but problems from the start.  Sound drop out, audio lag was VERY noticeable, and difficulty recognizing game chat.  When I contacted the company told me to make sure I had the most recent firmware (no link provided OR firmware version provided).  The Astro Command Center is not very user friendly and does not allow you to verify firmware versions, it simply auto-indicates if an update is needed.  The Astro rep also just recommended I return them, no trouble shooting help AT ALL.  I could not be more displeased with the level of customer service response or the headset!
Extremely disappointed In these there is a glitch that if the Xbox is on instant on it has to be unplug and telling for the Xbox to recognize them. That defeats the point if I have to do all that to get them to work I have had the same issue when instant on is off ! I have to restart my system and unplug the base each time I use them and firm ware is up to date
For the price tag you could literally buy something just as good and something else. I was in love with these headphones when i first got them but now its nothing but problems. Sound cuts in and out, mic sound terrible everyone always complains about it, after hurricane irma pass by my home these headphones now dont function the same (they didnt get wet or damaged) ive tried resetting to factory and nothing. Dont waste your money on this trust me
Pros The sound of this headset is top of the line. The mic works as it should and has great quality. Battery life is good. Cons First pair the microphone quit working Second pair the audio would quit working every few seconds for a couple seconds. If your lucky enough to have no issues then this is a great product. But if your like me your going to waste your money and time. Quality assurance needs to have more focus.
Got it, headset dropped connection every three minutes. I sent it back to Astro, they “replaced” it and when I got the “new” one it did the same thing. So, just threw it in a drawer and now it’s collecting dust.
Overall this headset it’s prettu dang fantastic. Has the best sound I’ve heard on a headset and is very good at its job at gaming. However, there is one huge flaw. The range. I can’t sit on my couch that is less than 10 feet away from the main connector. If you are too far away, the headset will continue to scream one of the worst static sounds I’ve ever heard and will disconnect from the controller. When it does this, and you can tel since not only does it blow static, it shuts off your controller. Keep in mind this is the 2016 model before the complete wireless remodel. This is so aggravating since I spent $300 on a headset with the worst range I’ve ever seen. My older turtle beach headset for the Xbox 360 had better range and they were half the price. Now I cannot say anything for the new model with all wireless  setup since this problem might be non existent. But this has brought me down to the point where I’m willing to sell it and get a different headset. This wasn’t worth $300 more like $200. The sound and speaker quality are almost unbeatable, but range is a killer on this, totally ruins the whole headset. The only reason this has two stars is because the sound quality are incredible.
1-liner: 14KBps chat bitrate for very poor chat output. My friend procured these, because he’s passionate about gaming and believes in using high-quality gaming accessories. He was fooled by the positive reviews, and now blindly believes I am problem. We no longer play as many games together, because of the Astro A50s and the low quality chat output. My friend tried another headset, but the chat quality output was low. I’m a chat audiophile with misophonia, and have low tolerance for bad mic etiquette and/or poor quality voice. I call out people for eating without muting, playing music in the background, humming from interference, even fan noise. Some people say I’m too sensitive, but I have never listened to loud music or enjoyed any concert because it’s just too loud. I’m not saying I’m a super hero, but I hear really well and notice noises others cannot perceive. So, my friend returned the other headset and just bit the bullet and purchased these. They are top-of-the-line, the best, and have relatively good reviews. The first time we partied up on the Xbox after he started using these, I noticed an immediate quality issue. They sounded worse than the headset he returned! I told him this, and he said we all sounded amazing and the game sounds were very good as well. The best headset he ever had. I was really astounded at how bad his voice sounded. I couldn’t get over it, and he was very offended that I kept telling him how crappy his voice was. He said that nobody else seemed bothered. I asked other members of the chat, and they agreed he sounded bad but it was “fine for them.” Well, I do not settle for “fine” and told him to either get another headset or we’d be playing less. We did some research and found out the chat bitrate is 14 KBps. For those of you that still use or remember MP3 bitrates, 256 KBps was the gold standard. 128 KBps was tolerable, but over a good audio device you’d notice the quaility difference. Anything lower than that was not worth listening to due to the poor quality. He decided to keep the headset because I was being intolerable. This was very selfish, IMO, and we really do not play a lot anymore. Sometimes we play Overwatch, but that’s mainly because he’s very good at the game & I’ll sacrifice low quality chat for wins.
So I get home excited about my new headphones. I open the box and its some old Turtle Beach headphones in a plastic bag. Like really Amazon. How could you let this happen?
Was amazing while it worked typically used it for maybe a month in total. Then all of a sudden I go to turn it on and nothing then looked on their forums and I’m not the only one who has had this problem. Then since I went threw Amazon I couldn’t get a refund unless going threw amazon in which it passed its time because I had it sit in its box when it first arrived. Now I’m stuck with an expensive headset that doesn’t work
This is what i get after paying for astro a50s.. wtf
These didnt work at all, astro said they would replace but I didnt want another overpriced headset that didnt fit the base station. Research shows there is faulty wiring. And if your pair works cool I dont think theyre worth the money at all for how cheap they are made. The elite 800 actaully work but not well. Id suggest getting a wired pair cuz everything on the market wireless is junk. Id give them one star if I could
These aren’t worth the money in my opinion. I recently purchased these and the audio is great but there isn’t a happy medium with the chat volume and game volume, you hear one or the other but hard to do both. The mic is pretty bad, everyone I’ve played with keeps saying “I can’t hear you, what’re you saying” frequently so unless you enjoy yelling don’t purchase for call outs. I would happily return these and go buy some turtle beaches. Hope this helps!
While I enjoy the headset, I find the buttons on the side cumbersome to try and adjust while it is on your head. As well as not having a mute feature, other than flipping the talk part upward until you feel it lock. Most major issue I have is from time to time the headset likes to just cut out. I am using it on PC and dont use the Dolby Digital boost or whatever its called. Im 2 feet away from the receiver and its plugged in the back of my PC but will cut out still. Its annoying but at least the headset is comfortable. More so than a Turtle Beach. I will not buy another ASTRO product. Thought I was getting $300 worth of headset, but I feel cheated. If the headset didnt occasionally cutout Id give 4 stars.
The base doesnt charge anymore so i charge the headset via micro usb, and the base is too expensive to buy
Bought this headset at the beginning of Feb. Had it two weeks and the On/Off switch has started to fail. Also, Does NOT allow for streaming with Elgato HD60 capture card so if youre wanting to do that go the wired route because thats the way youll have to go. I already submitted for a return and will be shipping this back this week. The sound quality is great but it seems once its used slightly then it seems to not be worth $300
By far the best sound and comfort of any headset.....but that doesn’t matter if every time you try to use them they are dead. It doesn’t matter if you triple check that they are charging once you dock them, they VERY EASILY lose contact with the charging base. I’ve put these in a spot where they won’t get bumped or jarred, it did no good. And why do they fully lose their charge in less than a day if they are POWERED OFF?!?!?!  Not worth the frustration for $300
Doesnt charge very well on the stand but had a plug on bottom.. have issues with them staying connect to my Xbox when 1st turning them on..have to unplug and replug the base from the xbox... with the issues Id say a little over priced but still a very good nice and comfortable set..
For this much money can you please design a headset stand that is easy to use? I rarely can use my set because the stand is so finicky and it dies in hours if not connected properly. Do you guys use the stuff or just make it and sell it?
after paying a lot of money for this item it never worked and repeatedly contacting Astro for help was told that we could not return  the item  I would not recommend buying this product
I was really excited about these headphones. The fact that they are wireless and come with a cool charging dock, they look cool and all the reviews Id read made them sound perfect for the job. Turned out it was too good to be true. Here are a few of my frustrations which have lead to me returning these: 1. They drop out. About 2 - 3 times a day, while sitting in front of my computer with the dock about 2 feet away from me, the headphones loose the signal for anywhere between 3 - 6 seconds. Thats is completely unacceptable for a gaming headset. 2. Getting them to charge in the dock is a hassle. I need to spend about half a minute trying to get both of the cups to grab onto the charging ports. 2 days in I put them in the charger for the night and thought they were charging but when I woke up the next day they were still at the same battery level and hadnt been charging at all. 3. A couple days later they stopped working all together and after restarting my computer, unplugging the optical cable and trying every different sound setting I could think of in Windows I placed them back on the charging dock, took them off and they worked again. I dont know what happened but at that point I was done. For a $300 gaming headphones Id expect them to work flawlessly, but they dont. Thats why Ill be returning mine.
Extremely disappointing. I purchased Astros in the past for my Xbox One, and have loved them. So when I needed a headset for my PC, I thought this would be a no-brainer. This is, by far, the worst headset I have ever owned - especially considering the price. Heres my complaints: -The charging system is terrible. If you dont sit the headphones perfectly on the stand, they wont charge. Sometimes they will slip out of place and stop charging. Sometimes the lights will appear to be on (indicating charging), but the headset is slightly off the station. Lights will sometimes stay on, incorrectly displaying full charge at all times. -Audio quality is sub par. I have a cheap $40 set of headphones as well, and they sound essentially the same. -Mic sometimes fuzzes out or goes silent intermittently. Sometimes games will lose all audio, then loudly crackle back in. -Mic will periodically not work at all, and I have to unplug and re plug the power station. All this for a premium price tag. I will likely never purchase an Astro headset again.
The Astro A50s are great until you have something like the microphone support arm crack outside of warranty its still functional but extremely unstable and is going to break soon. They offer ZERO parts and arent willing to repair out of warranty even if you offer to pay them for it. I spent hours arguing trying to get a mic and they absolutely refuse to sell one much less repair it. Basically 1 year out if anything electrical on the headset breaks they will do nothing and tell you to buy a new one along with four links where to purchase them. They are now owned by Logitech and the customer service is crap, this isnt the ASTRO gaming I once knew. Save your money, find a headset company that offers parts and repair services that isnt going to screw you over.
the 1st head set died in 2 weeks, returned got a replacement and 36 days later now the 2nd one is dead and now I have to go through astro gaming to see what happens next.
This has to be the worst headset Ive bought for $300. While the headset sounds and feels great, this has horrible connection issues. This headset frequency drops connection at complete random. You will be in the heat of the moment and all of a sudden, the headset turns off and turns back on again. Ive tried changing the channels of my router from what Ive read and it still didnt work. Ive went as far as shutting down my 5GHz network, since the headset transmits at 5GHz, but that still didnt work. I also believe that this disconnects the controller. I have several controllers and all of them disconnects when I have this headset connected. Ive tried EVERYTHING to get this to work, but after 3 months of issues, I gave up. If I can give this -10 stars, I would. DO NOT BUY!!!
Everyone that talked to me said I sounded like I was talking through a tin can.  You hear yourself talking through it and it is off-putting. It is as if you inner conscious it talking back, I have messed with the settings and no luck. I wanted to give this head set a try but I think Im going back to turtle beaches. Game sound is great though. So decent for game headphones but not if you are gaming with your friends.
Astro has been made aware of the issue with their wireless 5Gh channel usage around modern 5Gh wireless routers. If you can control what channels are in use around you when using this product you might be fine but if you live in an apartment or somewhere with little distance between neighbors you may run into audio cutouts for 2-3 seconds randomly. This was the case for me and I had to return the product within 24 hours. Good luck.
TLDR at bottom: Alright so overall its a REALLY good headset....UNTIL you get a year and a half into using it, and the boon makes feedback noise anytime you move it in the slightest, which normally wouldnt be a issue right? because you dont need to move a gaming headset microphone boon much, set it and done...EXCEPT thats how you mute this headset, is by moving the boon up and down. Sound is PHENOMENAL,  COMFORT, BATTERY LIFE its all AWESOME, but its really not built to last, Im a hard core gamer who games at least 8 hours a day, I also use this for work which is why the battery on it after about a year went down to about 12 hours of battery life instead of 15-16. BUT I am very dissappointed in its longevity with the pricing of the headset, a year and a half and then having to replace it due to not being able to mute yourself(which in my environment and work place is a must[work from home]). Now to be fair, i can still mute it, but it makes a LOT of noise not only on my end, but on the other end as well, anyone your talking to can hear the static when you move the boon JUST as loudly as you can hear it, which is to say, it is VERY loud.  Maybe its just me, its out of warranty, so ill be returning it to amazon and ordering steelseries pro wireless. TLDR: Alright so honestly if not for the longevity issue id rate it a 5 star headset, IF you decide to get it, make sure to get the warranty, as if it does what mine did, after the normal warranty, your mic boon will start blowing your ear drums out.
It is very hard to connect voice/mic.  Never could get it to work.
Long time gamer, I have used many quality headsets. The sound quality is great however it cannot over shadow the ineptness of the charging station design. Trying to manipulate the headset so it seats perfectly every time is agonizing. The option of being able to charge this with a chord is laughable and why would a headset that’s turned off lose its charge in a matter of hours. I have no returned these twice. There will not be a third time. Avoid this product at all cost.
If you use 5g Wi-Fi, or your neighbor does -.SO NOT BUY. I live in an apartment, so it cuts out constantly. I hate this headset SO MUCH. I have done every single form of troubleshooting Ive seen all over the internet for this issue (THERES A TON OF COMPLAINTS). Hard resets, re-pairing, changing my routers 5g channels....EVERYTHING. Thing is, if you live near a neighbor (Im in a apartment complex) and they are using a channel above 100 with their 5g Wi-Fi, you will get audio drops. At the time of this review, my headset spends more time off then on. Its such a disappointment because the sound is AMAZING when its working. My online friends did say that I sounded clearer on my old turtle beach though.
This is hands down the worst headset i have ever owned. Extremely disappointed after 2 uses the right headphone completely stopped working and i emailed astro asking them what i can do and they gave me all this stuff on how to trouble shoot it and none of that ever worked so i emailed them again and they never responded then i kept using the astros anyways cause the left one still worked and now a couple weeks later the headset wont even turn on. Very dissapointed.
Amazing sound and comfort if your willing to deal with the constant connection issues. Going back to Turtle Beach after using these.
Dont buy. A handful of problems after two months of use.
These are good headphones for sure, but not great and not worth the price. Why? Theres too many issues with it. It seems many people are experiencing a verity of issues, a simple Google search will show. My issue was that Dolby doesnt work properly on console mode, works on PC, but not console and I bought this for console gaming. Basically the surround sound feature doesnt work and just pushes audio through both speakers at once. It also sounds strange, like how you would imagine voices in a water tank echoing. I dont know if this is ASTROs fault or XBOX. Regardless, for $300 premium headset there shouldnt be any problems. Also, you have to hook the headphones up to a PC and download a update, which at the time i didnt have a PC; why that isnt done though the XBOX is a mystery, and unacceptable at this price point. If I could go back in time, I wouldnt have bought this and saved myself all the headaches. I would have bought a more reliable cheaper headset because the problems that come with a slight increase in performance is defiantly not worth it. Dolby still isnt working and I have given up speaking to ASTRO. Do yourself a favor and buy something else that will actually work.
After having the G933, the sound quality of Astro A50 is actually poorer than the cheaper logitech counterpart.... its not a bad headphone, its just really not worth the price tag... after comparing it to 6 other of my gaming headphones (including the G933) I believe it should have a price tag at about 140 USD instead (with the additional price for the convenience of the charging station)
Microphone shuts off all the time, headset makes me sound like a robot. And sometimes i cant hear people talk. POORLY MADE
2 stars maybe if im being nice. the build quality is great and they are comfortable but the sound quality is just ok they dont have much bass so if youre like me and like EDM I would find a different headset. also they are "wireless" but you cant be more than 10ft away from the base station without them cutting out so its kinda pointless to have "wireless" when you cant really leave your computer and still hear your music or clearly talk on the mic. very comfortable and solid build but overall not impressed at all. would be a good buy for 100-120 dollars but not worth what they charge.
Im not really happy with this. Considering it cost me 300euros, I expected a little more. Now the good thing is that the earcups are made of some kind of... Foamish kind of material and not leather like other headsets. Now to the bad... Well the base station, to put this bad boy charging, it takes a good 40second to put it JUST in the right place.  I dont know if I have a faulty one but its extremely hard to get it charging via the base station. I have to put it in a certain angle and lean towards my desk so it doesnt move from that ONE spot that it does charge it. Now the 2nd bad thing. If its not on the base station charging the whole time the battery just runs out EVEN if the headsets ON/OFF switch is put to OFF-mode. Basically Ive forgot to put the headset on the base station (But turned it OFF via the button) couple of times and checked that it still has battery left, but the next morning the battery is somehow drained itself. I dont know if this is actually a feature but its not cool. I really hoped this WAS the headset I was looking for. You are better off buying a GOOD headphones and a attachable boom mic
Ordered these from the astro cite itself 2 months ago just to be clear. NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS. Random times the headset will just cut out and come back in. Sometimes the microphone sounds so robotic like that my friends cant even hear me. I highly recommend that NO ONE gets these. Now they literally just stopped turning on. I unplugged them and plugged them in. I even plugged them straight into my computer using the usb cord. STILL NOTHING. I have now paid 300 dollars for 2 months of an average headset. I cannot say it enough. DO NOT BUY THESE.
Third set in 2 years.  Seems to go out within 5 months.  Great when they work but for $300, they need to hold up a lot better.  I am by no means rough on my headset.  When I travel and I bring them with me, they are put away in a hard case.  At home, I leave them in the dock when not in use.  Right now, they intermittently will cut out 3 feet from the base.  Save your money.
Nah nah
Very high quality headset as far as build quality goes. Unfortunately, not usable as there is so much connection and sound cutout issues on my wireless network that this headset is basically worthless. Avoid, especially if you are using Google WiFi as you cannot adjust the channels it uses on its 5ghz band. Honestly expected better out of Astro to fix this issue after all these years of this product being on the market. Going to try Turtle Beach Stealth 700 instead and hope it works. Edit: Can confirm that the Turtle Beach Stealth 700 works with no connection issues.  Overall build quality is lower (but good) by comparison to the Astro and the sound I would say is equal.
The product is great overall quality wise but mine just broke for no reason out of nowhere while in perfect condition and I dont understand why and there is no info about a fix so I just dont thinks its worth it
Not worth the money at all.  Had high hopes for this, but it stops working randomly and wont let you talk to hear.  Then if you set back on dock or unplug and replug it it might start working again?  I knew the sound wouldnt be as good obviously with it being wireless but it really does such compared to any wired headset.  Batteries are the only thing on this product that seem to be quite amazing. Dont waste your money.
Continuously disconnect
This is by far the worst headset and the best headset I’ve ever had at the same time. It feels incredible, it sounds incredible but the cons are just not worth it. It’s wireless charging is frustrating but managing, you drop it on the base station and it won’t charge first try, it will literally take 5,6,7 try’s before it does charge, alright, manageable. How about a button on the side to switch between Xbox and pc? Oh wait doesn’t work because you either have sound and can’t use the mic or you can use the mic and have no sound...not to mention my Dolby surround sounds horrible, it’s literally like it’s 400 feet away... I should just return it at this point but using it for pc with a separate mic is amazing, the headset is incridible (not in Dolby), feels amazing and lasts 12 hours, just don’t buy it for Xbox...
Cuts out alot, there are alot of interference complaints out there.  Sound quality is great other than the 1/2 second disconnects about every 20 min.  Also randomly looses sync and or mic and has to be placed in cradle occasionally to re pair
A year and a half later, I dont like them. I had a set of A40s for 3 years and finally replaced them with this set. I wanted these for the ability to swap from pc to xbox. I mainly use them for pc gaming. I have had nothing but issues with the drivers on pc, the Mic quality is absolutely garbage, the sound quality is meh, and putty the man that attempts to dock these for charging. For the price tag on these you should have a lot better product. Probably my last time buying astros.
Good sound, quit holding charge after a month. Returning. Maybe because they’re always on and on the charger? (like designed)
So Ive had this headset for about a year now.  At first I was very happy, the customization options are great and of course the ability to use a wireless headset which I never experienced before when gaming, and also the mod options.  Fast fwd a year and I have decided I will be selling the headset.  Putting the headset on the dock after gaming gets annoying/tedious after awhile and a lot of the times wont start charging right away until you mess with it to make sure its docked properly.  The biggest thing for me - the headset is constantly going in and out with every gaming session lately.  Ive read online and spoke with people that have experienced similar issues.  I ordered the Hyper X cloud IIs which are a cheaper option that I have heard great things about.  I doubt I buy another Astro product sorry to say.
The A50s are probably decent. But, I bought the Dolby atmos app on my Xbox 1 x and with these it sounded worse then regular stereo headphones. I also think the mic isn’t as good as others. Still better then the turtle beach 800x I tested 2 weeks ago. I’m starting to think I’ll never find a headset!
Stay away if you plan on using this solely for PC gaming. It will not playback 7.1 surround without using optical and a sound card with Dolby Digital Live. Many cards have abandoned it and are harder to find. Even when paired with a Sound Blaster Z sound card the surround was delayed by about half a second. Very distracting when playing a game. Also not compatible with non game audio while Dolby Digital Live is in use. You can however use it as a 2.0 stereo headset through USB but I find it way to expensive for that. The build quality feels great and is pretty comfortable. It does get hot after 30 minutes of use. Very disappointed. I recommend the Logitech G933 over these since they just work with no hassle at a fraction of the price.
Sound was ok but hard to control levels The mute button didnt exist, u mute by lifting the boom mic all the way up which made it hard to quickly mute my mic real fast to not sneeze into the chat, when I did mute myself it sounded as if I had dropped my mic on the floor to everyone since you have to snack your mic up, overall would have been a good headset if it didnt have that flaw.
Do not buy this headset. While the audio sounded very good, the charging station is horrible. The mic is very low quality too. The mic sounds like something from the early 2000s. At random times the audio would cut out for a few minutes, and then randomly come back on. All of these events happend in the first hour of me playing with it. This mic is not worth the price either.
ive owned the A40s and the sound quality is way better but the frustration of trying to get the A50s to charge every night makes me hate them when i have to spend 5 minutes every night trying to get them in the perfect position to make them charge
Ive only had the headset for 2 or 3 months. I really like the quality in sound thats probably its best feature. But the battery life definitely isnt 16 hours. If you leave the headset jus sitting on your desk all day when it is fully charged, it will be at 1 or 2 bars later that night. It also has a bunch of weird bugs. Sometimes all the display on the charging board itll all freeze. Theres times where the headset will make this loud crackle sound which is really weird. Its a decent headset but it is not worth $300.
Headset is well above average and substantial in all fields. Mic isn’t as bad as some reviews make it out to be. Sourround sound is honestly a little overkill. But you get what you pay for. Charging station is garbage. It worked well at first and I didn’t see the big fuss from some of the reviews on here. Then it started acting up. They’re useless with a dead battery. And they can’t sustain a constant flow of electricity to the batteries so they’re about as good as a rock. Company needs to fix this.
Do not buy this product if you use 5G wifi in your home.  It conflicts with the frequency of the headset and the base causing constant audio and voice drops, up to one a minute and the duration of the drop out can be up to 10 seconds. Terrible product.  Very disappointed with Astro on this one.
After trying many sets of wireless headsets, and having issues with sound cutting out, I decided to give these a try. While this headset has a lot to like, there are also some downsides to it. I bought this headset mostly for PC gaming and chatting with friends in Discord. Setting it up was a breeze and the management software is actually pretty useful. The sound quality on these is also quite good. Both music and voice chat are clear and there are many options for adjusting how it sounds. I also really like the charging dock because it means I dont have to worry about plugged anything in and it gives me a place to store them while not in use. The comfort is another major feature that I find is lacking in other headsets. I am able to wear these for hours without any discomfort. Now for the downside. First and foremost, the mic on this headset is not great. I have a hard time believing that Astro tested this mic and thought it was acceptable for a high-end piece of hardware. If you look up reviews this is one of the biggest complaints coming from people. While the mic is still usable, the quality is worse than the $10 Logitech desk mic that I have. The first time I entered Discord after setting these up I was greeted with friends saying “What the hell happened to your mic?”. This wouldnt normally bother me much but for the money you are spending on these it really should be better. My other gripe with this headset is that it still does cut out on me occasionally for a second or two even though I sit right next to the charging base. This is still way less than other headsets I have tried but I was hoping it wouldn’t happen at all. Ultimately, this headset isnt perfect but I do think the pros outweigh the cons. That said, if you really dont need the wireless then get the wired A40s which are an all-around better headset.
Horrible sound disconnects often.
Although a step makes a great line of headsets, the a50s are a bit disappointing.my friends consistently complain of my Mic echoing. After a ton of troubleshooting with no avail. More bang for your buck going with a pair of a40s.
I would argue that this is a great SOUNDING headset, but it has a couple of critical flaws that keep it from being an overall great headset. Pros- - Audio Quality - Astro is well known for making some of the best sounding headsets out there. This one is no exception. The quality of the audio produced is unmatched on Xbox, and Im hard pressed to find a better gaming specific headset on PC. - Battery Life - I find that the 15 hour manufacturer estimation is fairly accurate. I play at higher volumes for long sessions with friends and it seemed to last most of the New Years weekend before needing a charge. - Build Quality - Seems solid, even though its mostly plastic. Will update if something happens to it. - Pairing with console - Super easy on this part. All I had to do was plug the optical and USB cables into the Xbox and it designated the headset to my profile automatically. After this I just had to go into Xbox audio settings and set it to output to the headset using Optical/Dolby and I was good to go on that front. Cons- - Microphone Quality (This had me ready to return the thing before I had the fix) - It could best be described as mediocre. I previously owned a set of A40s for the Xbox One and they had a fantastic Mic. This set does not share that quality. The moment I got on Xbox party chat with some friends, they asked me if my mic was broken, not knowing I had purchased a brand new headset. After discovering that this has been an issue for multiple people, I contacted Astro support for a solution and they advised that I have the mic positioned ridiculously close to my mouth and have the sensitivity virtually maximized, alongside some rather specific settings in the "Astro Command Center" application on PC only (more on that in a minute). That fixed my issue for the most part, but my friends still indicated the Mic sounds worse than others, to include the one you can get from Microsoft for cheap but I could be easily understood. So if you depend on High Mic quality, skip this headset and go for the A40. - Disconnections - The Headset has a habit of randomly destabilizing or losing connections at times. Not sure if thats because Im in an apartment building, but I really wish there was an option to hardwire the headset to the console permanently so that I can play without the interference (the headset has a Micro USB input, not sure what its for). - Configuration - You HAVE to use the Astro Command Center application on PC/Mac to change the audio profile or mic profile on the headset. It works well enough and the headset doesnt have to be docked for it to work, but its a pain to switch all the cables around from Xbox to PC just to change and test the configuration. As a suggestion to Astro - PLEASE make an Xbox application that would let people configure the headset there. - Charging - Trying to put the headset on the charger is a pain. Its easy enough to ID which cup goes where due to the contacts, but trying to get them to actually make contact and SUSTAIN contact can be a pain, and it has resulted at least twice in me putting the headset on the charger after a session and it only charges for a few seconds without me knowing it stopped, resulting in a dead headset when I go to play later.
Sound constantly going in and out.  Battery life terrible, charging station doesnt work most of the time.
They worked great for two months and then they just stopped working. There is a reset key that is not listed on the instructions and is only available thru the website.
I would give this headset 5 stars if the mic didnt sound like a .05 cent mic I could order from China.  Ive tried everything and read a ton of forum posts of other unhappy users.  If you dont care about mic quality or dont even need the mic, then this is a great wireless headset.  If you actually plan on talking to people online or Streaming... then look elsewhere.  Its almost an insult that they market this headset towards streamers, since you will have most of your viewer base unfollow you since your voice quality will cause them to vomit.
Terrible , mic stopped working within ten days
Headset does not make contacts with charging base easily. After only 4 months, the mic joint is loose, and the microphone does not stay in place. The only reason this headset gets two stars, is because the sound quality is pretty good, and with the Astro Command Center, there is a lot of custimization. But the design is poor, and quality of the headset is severely lacking.
Has issues here and there but overall a great headset
I bought this headset to use on PC and Xbox One and it was fine for the first couple weeks or so. Then, I noticed that the battery would start to drain over night WHILE it was on the base station. So, I contacted Astro right away and their support was able to give me some tips right away on what to try and eventually told me to send in my base station and headset and replace them.
They worked great for the 2 hours it actually did work. waited 5+ hours charging to play just to have them not even turn on the next day even with still being fully charged. Product might not be such garbage if it wasnt a one time use
I would give it a 3.5  The quality is awesome, all around. Great range from the source to the headset, havent maxed it out yet to where Ive lost signal (while staying in my home). The mic mutes itself by putting the mic in the upright position - parallel with your neck, while putting it in the "down position" will turn the mic on. The Dolby sound is noticeable, and way better compared to my old Afterglow wired headset (not sure which model). Friends have mentioned noticing a significant difference between my old headsets voice pickup quality. I can be heard clearly and with no background noise generally. The battery life seems to last longer than I can in one gaming session, having a Max session of about 5-6 hours. Where I start to have issues is the battery charging process. For whatever reason I am always finding my Astro headset with a dead battery. If I leave it on a charger until full charge and then let it stay on the charger... It loses the charge all the way down to 1/4 over the course of about 12-16 hours. This is what is happening: 1) Fully charge the headset when I first purchased it and began using it once fully charged. 2) Placed the headset, usually around half battery, back onto charger to recharge overnight until my next gaming session. 3) I return to my headset charger to see the display showing a full charge, and I turn my headset and Xbox on to begin gaming. 4) The headset charge indicator appears on the charging station once headset has been turned on, showing 1/4 battery. It does this even within 60 seconds of taking it off the charger that was just showing the full charge. 5) Headset is dead within the hour, requiring another charge. 6) I switch to my old controller-wired headset and it doesnt register to my account, because the wireless one is. Therefore I am in silence until the wireless one charges. If I take the headset off right as it conpletes the charge, then there are no issues and it works better than any headset Ive ever worn. But I cant rely on the charging station to keep it at full charge once it has completed. This makes for an annoying situation when you arrive to find a dead headset with limited time to play.
So i’ve gone through two of these headsets now, the battery just sorta dies and i can’t even charge it.
This is a great headset and I love it so much for the sound capabilities. BUT there is a very big problem with the wireless capabilities. This headset transmits in 5Ghz. If you have one of those new wireless router/modems that transmits in 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz you may have problems. The headset audio will cut in and out. The cuts will happen randomly but will always happen within a 15-minute period. I did some research online and they said it is because the 5Ghz router/modem transmits in a very similar way to the headset. The only solutions I found to fix this problem is to make your wireless headset into a wired headset or turn off the 5Ghz capability on your router. This is a huge problem that Astro needs to address. Sound-wise this is an amazing headset but I cannot use a headset that cuts out while Im playing video games.
After about 6 weeks my headset stopped working and trying to work with their tech support is the worst experience ever.  All communication is done through email and it take 1 to 2 days to hear back from them.  After finally getting a response I tried what they recommended and it didnt fix anything so I provided them with the serial number and proud of purchase and they just stopped responding. With the price you pay for these you would expect them to last longer.
Read the negative reviews here - and heed them. 1.  The mic is poor for party chat ("sounds like a robot" one every 5-60 minutes, have to reset the headset).  Its absolutely miserable in game chat.  If youre at all interested in using the mic, this headset is not for you. 2.  The headset does not easily set on the recharging pins in the base station.  You have to do a lot of fiddling with it sometimes to get it to start charging.  And sometimes (maybe it gets vibrates slightly) it comes off the pins just a bit and then actively discharges. 3.  Sometimes the unit does not work at all for chat (either listening or speaking) unless you (a) reset the base station by unplugging it and plugging it back in, or (b) resetting the Xbox1, or (c) both. For sound?  Yeah, great headset, would be 5 stars.  But this kind of money when a $20.00 mic is far superior?  Astro should be ashamed of this product.
These things are utter garbage. This company thinks they should be able to broadcast on 5ghz when wifi uses 5ghz. Their connection is terrible, it cuts out for 1-2 seconds every 15-20 seconds, and if you email their support, they say "oh, check the usb cable, dont use 5ghz on your router." Im sorry, but to me, my router > some piece of crap headset. Dont waste your money on these. Google "Astro wireless headset cuts out" and see how many hits you get. Utter, complete, total, garbage. Worst headphones Ive ever owned. Get an Audio Technica headset, or similar - but go with a company that doesnt make trash.
Problems downloading firmware, Astro customer support is terrible. 1 email response and then silence. Thank god for amazon returns. From the small amount of time, without the firmware upgrades, they sounded okay, but wasnt able to really experience them due to the firmware upgrade issue with astro command center, and their lack of support. Unfortunately this was my first pair of astros and its kind of upsetting.
The Microphone sounds like you are in a tin can. Also, for PC, it doesnt work once you update the firmware. This is NOT worth the money at all. If you buy this, return it immediately.
Im very disappointed in this headset and ASTRO Gaming. The headset itself is comfortable and sounds great. When charging the ASTRO A50 on the charging base station theres problems. Alignment of the headset has to be perfectly sat on the base station for charging. Ive had issues with the headset cutting in and out for no reason. I sit maybe 5 ft from the charging station and the ASTRO A50 headset sometimes has problems connecting to the game audio. The game audio will play through the headset for 30 seconds and cut completely out for 20-30 seconds. Its very consistent and the only way to fix this problem was to unplug all cables from base station and Xbox one. The overall rating on the ASTRO A50 is correct and I should have read some reviews before purchasing this headset. I would wait until the generation of ASTRO A50 headphones is released.
Received on Friday, and the base wont recognize the headset. Headset wont charge. I send a detailed letter plus a follow-up to their customer service email, but they dont work on weekends and took Monday off for Memorial Day as well. Silence isnt what I expect when I spend this much money on good gaming headphones. I spent a day going back and forth with their tech support via email. They agree its probably a bad headset battery and want to set up an RMA, which takes about a week. I tell them to forget about it and Ill just reorder through Amazon. The replacement comes in and everything works great. Pros: -The headset is very comfortable to wear for long periods of gaming. -Long battery life -Base station tells me at a glance what my charge is and confirms charging. Cons: -Room sound is picked up by the mic and pumped into your headphones by default instead of being tied to push-to-talk -The included USB and digital audio cables are only a meter long. -You need to fiddle and adjust the headset to make sure it charges -Instruction sheets are micro-type in about 20 languages.
Well I was really looking forward to receiving my own pair of the third generation of the A50s, my first impressions were as usual for build quality from astro base station seemed a to an interesting edition. Charged the headset fully updated the firmware then I tried them out it seemed fine both on xbox & PC sound quality seemed off compared to the second generation which sound epic with various types of media. Third generation even with the control program for adjusting EQ pre sets on pc helped but not fully I could of received a faulty product, had this hollow echo which I found unusual on any EQ set only complaint I have is the padding they used felt pressure on the top of my head. And I felt the headsets seemed to be smaller in size compared to the second generation which is very comfortable use it for long hours of gaming until early in the morning, overall I dont recommend this third generation of Astro A50s it seems to miss its mark. Id say wait until the fourth generation is released maybe theyll learn for the next models of headset in the future
Stay away. Lots of issues: wireless distance (<10 feet before I heard crackling), constant problems with voice (game and party chatting), and firmware updates were not an out of the box type of update (you actually have to go online, download and install, then transfer cords back to Xbox.) Only thing going for these is comfort. They need serious help at Astro, never buying their product again. Turtle Beach from here on out.
The headset sounds great, if you get a base station that actually works.
i like how i cant buy  protection plan and it just spoiled on me when i only use for a few time
This has got to be the biggest ----ing jokes in the tech industry. They rushed a product out the door because "muh holiday sales" and we, the consumer, get ----ing shafted for it. Their forums are littered with people having problems with this trash having the audio constantly cut out or stutter. Their "solution" is for you to change your 5Ghz router to a frequency not used (which only works for some and not just making you be able to set the freq on your headset). Their "customer support" typically takes about a ----ing month to reply and it is always either "thank you for telling us, we will take note of the problem" or "LULZ, CANT BE US. PLUG IT INTO ANOTHER USB PORT. KEK!". I almost feel bad for their forum mods trying to help all the people having problems but it is a lost cause because there isnt a fix besides just sending the ---- thing back and getting a refund. Hey Amazon, when are you going to allow us to give 0 stars for stuff? Because this doesnt even deserve one.
I bought these headphones a little over a month ago; I thought they were great until they just stoped working for no reason. They wont charge on their stand anymore and they will not turn on when I flip the switch.
The sound is fantastic, beyond that they are just horribly designed in every possible way. Pros: Battery life is good. Audio quality is good. Cons: Getting this thing to charch properly in the base is infuriating.  It never makes proper contact, and if it does, it doesnt maintain contact for long and shifts ever so slightly that it stops charging.  Just buy a USB cable and charge it through the charger port on the side. Microphone is pretty poor quality.  I have significantly cheaper headsets that the microphone audio quality is substantially superior.  If they would have just abandoned the money they threw away on terrible R&D for the charge base, they could have invested in a microphone that didnt sound awful. The signal only works on a very narrow channel and band that cant be modified, causing literally any wireless router or access point released in the last 15 years to interfere with it.  If you live in an apartment, college dorm, anywhere you can see multiple wifi networks, dont even bother buying these. Signal strength is atrocious.  You cant go through a single room without it starting to crackle and break up, then the connection just dies (were talking 15 feet, through one wall with no plumbing or major electrical).
After the 3 months  I stop working
This is a good headset if it only cost less than $100. The headset has constant connection issues. It regularly cuts out (at least once per play session). The microphone doesnt always work upon initial start up of the xbox, and you will often have to unplug and replug in the power in order to solve this. The worst part by far is the sub standard microphone quality. This $300 headset has a $2.50 quality mic. Regularly, as reported on multiple forums (please do research before buying these), the microphone will cut out and make me sound like "Optimus Prime." Ive seen this issue reported so many times without a solution. Please dont buy this headset. If I could return them I would instantly
So let me start off by saying i purchased this product on black friday at Best Buy so Amazon will not confirm i purchased. So first impressions  i was really impressed. Packaged well in box i suppose. Quality of headset feels real nice. It has  a little weight to it compared to other headsets ive owned and this one definately feels like a sturdy build. It is truely wireless which is nice. But also its downfall. I give this headset 2 stars because ive owned for 2 weeks now and am disapointed. In order for the headset to charge the dock has 3 constact points ( 2 on right. 1 on left side of headset) which meet with the headset when docked to charge. Dont know if its just mine but they NEVER ALLIGN. I have to sit there and constantly fiddle with making sure they are sitting just right in order to charge. Id say 5-7 days of week if had it ive woken up to it being completely dead because i thought it was docked properly for change and wasnt. Hard to charge. Another thing is i will wear headset to go to kitchen for drink while gaming and headset will lose signal and become scrambled like literally 15 MAYBE 20 ft away. Might be just wear technology is at these days but a $300 headset should not do that in my opinion. Another thing is ill be playing 2 feet from base station and it randomly drops frequency on headset for like 1 second. But does it ALLLLLLL the time. It gets annouying when your having a convo in chat and it drops randomly for a hot second all the time. So in conclusion, i give the Astro A50 2 stars and thats only because the build quality is nice and the felt is nice for long hours of gaming. But if it wasnt id give it 0 because of how disapointed i am. Your paying for the Astro name there is no way this headset is worth the hefty price tag.
Great sound, great feel, but the ABSOLUTE worst mic Ive ever owned, that includes the free apple earbuds. Everyone I talk to online have to turn me all the way up to listen to me (I have boosted every single thing I can to 200% on my end). The mic also disconnect at random times and have to go into control panel to re-predetermine, I have contacted support with no answer, looked online and ALOT of other people have the same opinion on the mic. 1 star because at this price you really dont want to encounter such a big issue with a simple microphone. Had these for a couple of months, about to re-buy the $70 headset that I used for the past 5 years. First and last astro equipment I buy
Was excited at first but quickly learned my lesson, Game audio, great computer audio, great party chat on xbox one, great game chat on almost any multiplayer xbox one game, DOES NOT WORK WARNING DO NOT BUY IF YOU INTEND TO TALK IN XBOX GAME LOBBIES
Bought these upgrading from X-12s which were an old 360 headset. Figured wireless Astros would be a good option for mobility and sound quality. Shelled out $300 for these and have regretted it ever since. No bass control, no independent chat and game volume controls. Instead you get a mix of the 2 which really sucks in my opinion. The headset isnt particularly comfortable and is prone to echo issues in voice chat. The sound quality is not good compared to even the most basic headphones which was the most disappointing thing for the price. My headphones require charging after a few hours of use so the wireless aspect is moot. The only positive thing I can say about these is that they are built sturdy. Stay away at all costs.
ABSOLUTELY JUNK!!! I’m pretty good with setting electronics up but this headset is horrible, it takes forever to set up and actually get to use. It has a mind of its own and only works when it wants to work. You have to reconnect it every time you want to use the mic and most of the time it doesn’t work. I tried for 3 days to get the problems resolved reading forums for hours on end trying different things that other people suggest and that Astro tech guys say to do. I have returned these and already have ordered the Turtle Beach Elite 800x that I was originally looking at before I decided on the JUNK Astro A50s.
The sound is great, headset is extremely comfortable and its wireless while having all the controls of the mixamp built right into the headset. So at first glance this seemed to be a great buy, even at $300. But then you join an xbox live party and your friends tell you sound like youre talking into a can and every few minutes my voice apparently sounds like a robot and no one can understand me for a few seconds. On top of the issue the headset will randomly stop picking up other peoples voices. So I have to get up and continually unplug all the wires and then plug them back in and take my headset off and put it back on the base to reassign my headset to the xbox one. I do not recommend buying this headset, its surely not worth the price at all and even if it was cheaper Id say find an alternative.
I previously owned one of the older versions of this headset and absolutely loved it. Mine broke down after 6 or so years of having it so I went to replace it with the newer model. This headset is a piece of trash, do not buy it. Even if you love astro this is a sad excuse for a astro headset. Some cool features of this one is that it cut outs the sound every few minutes for a few seconds at a time. This happens because on newer routers function on the same frequency as the headset does.  This makes some interference happen and hence the cut outs. I contacted their support and their solution was to send me a40 wires and cables. Making this headset no longer wireless. Do not buy this.
Bought my A50s Gen3  xbox/pc version from Amazon.  Was great because it was same day shipping.  They arrived the same day. I charged them and tried them out on PC, and I only have sound coming from the right speaker... left speaker isnt working, tried everything.
This is not worth the money.  It doesnt work right half the time. Its a crapshoot to get the Xbox One to recognize the headset.  AstroGaming support told me I needed to hard reset my console before each use to get it to work, and even when I do that, it only works half the time.  The chat quality is horrible, with the mic cutting out way more than it should for a headset in this price range.  The charging connectors on the base station are finicky and take careful precision to get the contact points to connect correctly.  The wireless cuts in and out from the headset and base station, despite my using it at only about a 10 distance with direct line of sight. I gave up using this for my Xbox, so I thought maybe Id switch and use it for PC gaming.  I get the same issues as before, but the headset is now a mere 3 away from the base station as I sit at my desk.  Horribly chat quality still.  Every other word I say cuts out on the mic.  Im done with AstroGaming.  Going to go and try Turtle Beach or Tritton.
DO NOT BUY the mic for the xbox one is TRASH my cheaper $100 mic sound LEAGUES better. AGAIN DO NOT BUY
I am becoming convinced that none of the traditional gaming headset vendors can create a decent gaming headset. At least not one for XBOX One and have it be completely wireless (no chat cable). After numerous issues with Turtle Beachs 800x, including an RMA, I have decided to try the ASTRO Gaming A50s now that these are completely wireless. I have read all these great reviews on them, but I have to tell you for $300 these do not feel like they should cost that much. For one. They simply do not work without the USB cable plugged into the headset itself for power. I am guessing the power button simply does not work because moving the power button does not appear to make any difference to the operation of the headset. I can only power them up with a USB cable connected. I am very disappointed in the quality of these out of the box. Once they have power, they sound nice enough. The controls take a little getting used to. You have to change the ratio of the voice chat volume to the game volume, and then you can adjust the volume as a whole. I am not sure yet if this is better than having two volume controls, one for chat and one for game volume. I would also prefer a mute button. I do like that the mic mutes when moving it up, but also like the option of tapping a button. The other buttons take a little getting used to as they are pretty small and on the back of the right ear cup. It will take some getting used to where they are. Finally the charge base seems a little temperamental. It appears to take a little finesse to place it properly to get it to charge. If mine were not defective when opening the box, I would probably give these 4 stars, but receiving a broken unit gives me reason to believe the QA process that Astro uses is not very good. This makes me wonder what other issues may pop up. UPDATE 2/5/2017 I have a replacement set from Astro and they power up and work OK. The mic was pretty mute when talking with my friends through XBOX live. I connected the setup to my PC and and the MIC volume was set to about 75-80%. I punched it to 100%. Now they think I am very loud. I moved the mic farther from my face to account, but will probably turn the mic down a little more in the PC application. Just sort of a pain to take it off my XBOX, move it to the PC and sync the new settings and then move it all back. Sort of trial and error. The headset sounds good enough, and it is relatively comfortable. I am really not liking the only mute option is to move the headset boom all the way (ALL THE WAY) up. If not, all the way, it does not mute. It makes noise when you handle the boom to mute it, which is counter to the point of muting. I am OK with muting with the movement of the mic boom, but it should mute sooner and not be ALL the way vertical. It really should have a quick tap button to mute though. Far more efficient. Also, still not pleased with the way it sits in the stand. Still pretty flaky, requiring a little fussing to get it charging. If you do not need or desire 100% wireless on XBOX One, I would recommend another option. It will save you a ton of money and probably give you much better features to boot. Update 2/27/2017 Operation has been fine for the last few weeks. It still takes some effort to get the headet seated into the base properly to charge it. A little surprised this is how Astro decided to design this headset and they were OK with the charging system. The lack of a proper mute button is really becoming irritating. I hate it when people are sneezing, coughing, or otherwise making unwanted noise into my ear. I do my best to mute my mic to mitigate that with everyone listing to me as well. Not having a proper mute button is really making this difficult. I cannot swing the mic boom all the way to the farthest upright position to engage the mute fast enough to catch a sneeze. I find it odd that this would also be the way they would design this. There is no reason you cannot have two mute options. One with moving the mic boom up, and it should activate at considerably less than 90 degrees, the other being simple tap-able button on the outside of the ear cup. My wired Logitech USB headset had this feature and love it. Use it for conference calls using Skype all the time. What could have made this headset great, is a mute button and a better charging option that did not rely on a flaky seating of the headset in a base station. Seems there was some odd design choices here that really hold these headsets back and make me regret shelling out $300 for a supposedly premium experience. Update 3/22/2017 Two major bugs with this headset 1) The base station seems to loose connection with the console routinely. The best way to work around this is to unplug the USB and plug it back in. Sometimes switching to PC mode and back will fix it but not always. Some forums suggested this is some issue with the XBOX instant on feature, but I have found the headset base looses its connection to the Xbox regardless of the instant on being enabled. 2) The game chat does not work in all games. XBOX Party Chat works fine (as long as you unplug and replug the USB in) but games like Destiny also have game chat, and the headset will not broadcast voice. It does not even detect any noise being transmitted by my MIC, but I can hear others talk. This is also a serious issue. Not everyone uses Party Chat or has issues of their own with Party Chat. So having a headset that does not work in game chat is very limiting. At this point, if I could return this headset I would. If this were a $50-90 dollar headset, I could kind of forgive all the issues and design flaws with this headset, but for $300, the experience should be exceptional and it is not. UPDATE 9/15/2017: Firmware update and fixed the issue with requiring the USB to be unplugged and reconnected every so often for the XBOX to detect the headset, but now it is back and doing it more than ever. It actually takes multiple attempts to disconnect and reconnect the USB now. The issue with game chat not working is still a problem even in Destiny 2. I dont know if this is something specific to Destiny as I dont really play other online games that require or can benefit from voice chat. Worst money I have ever spent, Well, now tied with the crap headset of the Turtle Beach Stealth 800x. I HOPE that the new headset that Turtle Beach is releasing, which uses the native wireless protocol of an xbox controller, may be better, but never again will I buy a wireless gaming headset without trying it out first. I highly recommend you try before you buy or simply look to wired headsets.
The 3rd Gen Astro A50s are plagued with glitches, Audio Drop outs, bad design choices, all packed into such a great little package. That makes this the most mixed product of Amazing Pros and Stupid Cons I have ever used. FIRST Ignore the Patch notes as of December 27th, 2016. As of right now ALL issue reported since this headphone released still occur. And ALL occured to me in the course of 24 hours. List of CONS - Audio Drop outs Just like it says, the audio will randomly cut out 2, 3, 4 times for about 20-30 seconds and then go back to working - Issues pairing the headset to the base. The headset comes paired with the base, but for no reason at all will randomly lose its pairing. - Firmware update fails and causes headphones to crash To fix this Hold down the Game and Dolby buttons for 30 seconds to "reboot" the headphones. Put it back in the base and try to update the firmware again. - These DO NOT easily go from PC to Xbox/PS4. You need to move the USB cable each time AND Change the PC/Xbox Switch. Why bother having the switch if the USB cable needs to be swapped each time? - No Audio jack on the headphones If the battery Dies or you have a portable device you are out of luck. - Audio jack on the base has tons of distortion over the microphone. Like it says, there is some kind of electrical buzz going through the audio jacks mic return. Mine randomly went away after about 12 hours and has been working fine so far. - Dolby Surround sound is fake-ish The surround sound button only makes everything sound like it is in a tin can. However with some games it works... It does not work with ANY movies yet as far as I can tell. I have 2 other 5.1 Headphones and a real 5.1 speaker setup to compare it against and the Surround sound on the Astro A50s is total garbage. It just makes it sound like you are in a giant metal room - Sleep mode? Headphones appear to go to sleep after 15 minutes and completely lose sound without turning off Optical audio on the Xbox and re-enabling it. (Stereo or Dolby Only, DTS did not work at all.) - Microphone sounding robotic They added features to adjust the Noise Gate and quality on the microphone, it sounds better. But still no where near as clean as most Turtle Beach mics. List of PROs - 3-4 Inputs USB to Xbox for Chat SPDIF to Xbox for game Audio AUX to PC for Mic and Sound or USB to PC and shows as 2 sound cards. 1 for Sound and 1 for Chat SPDIF to Xbox or PC for 5.1 AUX to Phone for phone calls (Phone will need to be near base or you will need a long wire) - Comfort These are the 2nd most comfortable headphones I have ever used. The first being the Turtle Beach Elite Pros. With that said the comfort is nearly perfect and the comfort is simply different that with the Elite Pros - LOUD These get nice and loud. I have a HUGE issue with most Wireless headphones or headphones plugged into the controller where they are just not loud enough at max volume. TIP - For EXTRA loudness plug it into the AUX port, that port easily pumps out the most volume. - Bass The headphones "Can" have very good bass with the right equalizer settings. I found the base "Astro" setting to be the best for some nice BOOM. - Crisp The sound can get soooo bright it hurts. These are very versatile headphones they can give you deep lows or sharp painful highs. - Wireless Range I walked 2 rooms away and went upstairs and they still reached through my horse hair plaster walls. It had a cut out here and there, but I did not expect them to work that far. So Excellent Range! - Neck-a-bilitiy The comfort level when around your neck These are the most comfortable headphones when just hanging on your neck, they open up wide and the ear cups rotate flat to sit comfortably around your neck without rubbing or choking you. Closing Comments: The initial setup with these headphones was a nightmare. For $250 from a 3rd gen product from Astro was horrid. Absolutely the worst first impression for a product I have EVER experienced. Please note I have only owned these for 72 hours and I have encountered ALL of the issues listed above. With a TON of googling and sifting through forums for fixes and workarounds. I will be holding on to my receipt and see how these perform in the coming 2 weeks before the return policy expires. The Astro A50s have a TON of bugs to be worked out. And I hope they do get everything fixed. But I have dealt with Astro in the past. Issues with their headphones can go on for months without any fixes and their support team is an absolute nightmare. The worst support in the industry. So I do not have very high hopes that the Gen3  A50s will be in working order in the next year. I hope so, cause I love these things... But man what a disappointing initial experience.
Havent received from amazon yet, but received a set from astro directly.  There are some really significant issues that make this set a non-starter for me. Pros: 1) Very comfortable, even for long use. 2) Great game sound. Cons: 1) Atrocious microphone (on Xbox) - If you are looking at these, there is a strong likelihood you have seen reports that there is a problem with the microphone.  It is 100% true, You will sound like you are talking into a tin can, like robo-cop, and various other bad ways. 2) Mic monitoring (side tone) - The overall volume has to be at ear drum shattering levels before the mic monitoring is audible. 3) Connectivity - Do you use the easy on setting for powering down your xbox?  Like to get updates installed while you sleep?  Cant do that with these.  Going to have to use full shut off, or, reboot the set every time you go use your xbox because while you will get sound to your headset, the mic wont work. 4) In game performance - Speaking of your mic not working, this headset is somehow incompatible with certain games.  Full disclosure I have not contacted support RE: this matter, but i am not sure how it will help.  You can not use game chat in Destiny at all.  It shows you have a headset, you can hear everyone else, but your voice does not go through (you HAVE to use party chat).  This may not happen in other games, but one is bad enough. 5) Limited Range - Be prepared for sound and mic drops at close ranges. 6) Limited features -  If you wanted to compare the two top of the line "gaming" headsets it would be the Turtle Beach 800x and the Astro A50.  They are the two fully wireless headsets, and are priced the same.  Turtle Beachs headset does everything the A50s do and also have independent chat and game volume controls, bluetooth, on headset controls for changing microphone noise gates, push button muting.  Thats not to say they are without their own issues (overall comfort and mic monitoring to name a few), but for the same price, you really do get a lot more. A lot of the cons could be moved up to the push category, or to positives via firmware updates, which would probably move the set into the 3/4 star range for me.  But the way they work right now?  I am likely to return them. Update 11/23/16 - Astro pushed out a firmware update that has addressed the issues with mic monitoring and somewhat improved the function of the microphone.  I still sound somewhat robotic to others.  At this time I have contacted Astro RE: the headset not functioning in game chat, and disconnecting every time the xbox is powered down into easy on mode.  Astros response on the game chat issue "If the headset is functioning normally in Party Chat, then the headset is functioning normally. I would suggest contacting Microsoft support on the issue." and their response on the set being recognized "The Xbox One currently has a bug with enumeration of USB devices when the console is powered off or restarted. Until Microsoft patches this bug through an update to the console, you can force the Xbox to reassign the headset to your profile by switching the Base Station to PC mode then back to Console mode." Let me address this briefly by saying that this is absolutely abysmal customer support on their part.  IF the headset doesnt function in game chat IT IS NOT FUNCTIONING NORMALLY.  And the enumeration of USB devices bug?  If it has such a bug, why do I not have the same problem with TB 800x headsets?  They are recognized on power up every time.  I would say both issues are on Astros end and they simply dont care enough to support their product.  Ill be processing a return, this was laughable. Edit: 12/22/16 update.  I finally got my amazon set at a big discount and kept it.  Astro has eliminated the mic issues, but recognition persists.  And the gsme chat issue persists.  It juat wont work in some games.  I only kept the amazon set because my TB set is so uncomfortable.
Great headset for the first two weeks. After two weeks It began not turning on. Fully charged it just wouldn’t turn on
I bought this headset due friends telling me how good they were and after using I will say the sound was great. But they break down so fast. I took good care of my headset and it still broke so many times and had to replace  them once from Astro support. Now from when I’m writing this the game volume is gone. These headset are not worth the money you spend for them.
Only had this for one month, and the mic is already not working properly. It keeps cutting in and out.
Hard to control the mix amp on the side of headphone, A40’s have have better control, comfortable is well versed for big heads or small, both with glasses as well, have all good things to say about it the only thing I hate is the mix amp :3
These would be absolutely incredible headphones. WOULD be. But they just arent. You can customize these a ton, including going into a hub on your pc and putting in the exact EQ you want down to a T. The headphones themselves are incredibly comfortable and sound amazing. The wireless charging is fantastic. Heres where they lost me. These headphones randomly disconnect anywhere from every 5 minutes-2 hours. Usually when theres a big explosion or loud sound in the game (but not always, its random). Ive tried everything. Ive updated the drivers. Re-paired and reset the headset. I even changed my wifi router to run on 2.4ghz instead of 5ghz. The headset also runs on 5ghz and their could be potential interference. But guess what? They still do it. And for something thats this expensive - a premium headset - something like this is just unacceptable. Sure, if they were much less money i could understand you get what you pay for. Not in this case, you pay a lot and still get a pair of headphones that intermittently drop signal. Huge bummer because i really wanted to like them. Im sad returning them because everything else is great, but the signal dropping is just unacceptable. Im going to be getting Turtle Beach wireless headphones for xbox instead. Hopefully they wont have the same problem.
Sound its good but the mic is horrible! Was only buy if you dont use the mic
Do these things have any warranty after 30 days?
