Very durable nice sound and they are very durable  (No this is not a bot)
Great product for the price. Use it for gaming on a laptop, and have a basic sound-card. Really improves the sound quality with the built in amplifier. Would recommend with laptops.
Aslong as it holds up. Great set
Great for gaming, great quality construction, great value for the money.
Love it! So. Used to the pleather ear cushions that most headsets have, the cloth ones that come with this keeps my ears from hurting after long use and keeps my ears cool!
For the price, the headphones work great. They give almost-too-good noise cancellation that fits my apartment lifestyle without sacrificing sound quality. After owning the headphones for several months now, with hundreds of hours of use, they show no signs of wear and tear! Overall one of the better choices on the market for a slightly higher price than average.
I like everything about these head phones. You can see and feel the quality the minute you pull them from the box. They are smartly packaged and work like a charm.
Good
Its the best sound quality, comfort, and build quality headset Ive used. Im beyond happy. This also came packaged like a new phone. They took time to make the headset and the box it comes in perfect. The price is also low for the quality. Im just hoping they maintain this quality at low prices. They officially have a fan.
The headphones are extremely comfortable to wear. The build quality is great but the only problem is the mic quality is pretty bad. Nothing too bad for a discord call but I wouldnt do any more than that. The drivers also dont put out a lot of bass so things can sound a bit thin.
First the sound quality is amazing on PC with the sound card plugged in via USB but plugged into a dual shock it weirdly is much quieter than usual so I would suggest using the USB sound card on ps4 as well but you would want to put the audio format to bitstream Dolby other than that its amazing worth my money at least
As someone who plays competitive shooters semi-seriously, this is a spectacular headset. Even for just casual gaming, listening to music or movies, the sound quality of the headset is unmatched to the previous headsets Ive owned. The audio controller is great for on the fly mic adjustments, however, at least in my case, the 7.1 surround sound feature is typically left off. When using the headset audios a mic, the mic quality is crisp, clean and very clear. The only issue Ive had is that the (I assume) 3.5 mm jack connect the headset to the audio controller has degraded and creates and awful static-y sound through the mic, or the microphone just doesnt work at all, requiring adjusting and reseting the connection until it does.
pros-Great sound quality, comfort and durability. con- Not having the ability to mute when playing on console is brutal
Have you bought gamer headphones at big box stores from big brands only to have the ears fall off in just a few months? If youre a gamer, youll love these.  Great sound, built to last, excellent mic, great fit.  Easily the best weve bought, and weve been through quite a few brands that failed miserably.  HyperX makes an outstanding product.
Nice headset for gaming only.
Great plug and play headset. Good sound quality. Excellent design, far more sturdy than some other products while still comfortable.
Amazing headset.  My son said it’s the best one he’s had yet.
I bought this after my uncle showed me them at Gamestop. This headset is perfect if you want something better than a Turtlebeach or Afterglow. The mic on this headset gives superb tone and quality. If you are beginner to streaming (Twitch, Youtube etc.) and want something that provides the most bang for your buck, this is the best you can get. Audio quality is on-par with studio headphones, the memory foam is the best (had fallen asleep many times with this headset on due to comfort quality). The microphone is detachable via 3.5 mm jack that attaches before the actual audio cord, on left ear. With regular use and if you dont just completely abuse them, you should easily get over a year of use out of these. I use these (before I upgraded to the next model) whenever I stream off of console, it also has adapters if you use a PC tower. After I got the next model up, I gave this to my brothers to use and they are very happy with this headset.
Bought these to replace a headset that we were having troubles on discord and Teamspeak. These work on everything weve tried them on, without issues.
Great sound quality but,  the ear pieces are too small to go over my sons ear correctly.  He eventually gets them to fit correctly but, not as you would hope.
Super comfy had a Astro headset that was uncomfy and hot. These are super easy to use and have great sound.
Great deal for the money~
Bought a pair for my wife maybe 2 years ago. The right side slowly died out, and then the left side went. The sound quality is great, its comfortable; and overall a good price. I wish it would have lasted a bit longer than 2 years, but it was heavily used by her so I guess its okay. I took one star off for this, since my Audio-Technica is still going 3 years +. If youre looking for a solid cross platform headset with comfort and great sound quality then this is the one. I would highly recommend.
Comfortable with excellent sound for gaming!
Absolutely fantastic headphones -  when it comes to sound at least. Had them for a good 2 years or so and it always had a fresh and clean sound. Also the most comfortable headphones Ive ever had. I could wear them for hours without any pain. The only problem is that the wires are really small, weak and exposed. If I wasnt careful I couldve easily snagged them on something and destroyed the wires. Luckily I took really good care of them and never used them anywhere outside of my desk. 2 years later though, and even though they broke Im back to buy them again, because for the price there really isnt much better.
Great sound
These headphones are so comfortable and light. The sound quality is fantastic and the surround sound and volume controller work great.
The 7.1 surround sounds very good. The headsets are comfortable and appealing to the eye.
My kid loves them and he’s not broken them yet.
As expected these are great quality. They are very comfortable.
Sound quality is subpar for the price.
Im very happy with this headset. The sound quality is tremendous when using the 7.1 chip it comes with, and still superior with using just the headset with my phone or something. Its sleek, very comfortable (unless Im wearing glasses, which I usually wear contact lenses so no problem,) and works very well. The fabric cable is long and very sturdy, very helpful when I need to stand up and grab something a few feet from my desk. The mic is great as well. While I dont like how easily it bends, (kinda feels like I could easily break it,) the foam muffles out sound I dont want on chat and still picks up my voice clearly. My only concern about continued use is wearing out the mic long before the rest of the headset goes.
Best ps4 headset there is the only problem their was at first, I didnt know is you had to update the firmware through the website so it can work properly on a ps4. Amazing sound quality, amazing microphone quality and amazing quality/durability.
Very well done headphones. Not the bassiest sounds more to the treble side. The mike was a bit quieter even turned all the way up. But i hightly recommend.
Headphones are fairly decent quality,  light weight. Sound is awesome.
Great headset. Doing quality is good for pc and ps4. Highly recommended
Bought for fortnite so I could track players easier with the sound system. Works great. Can track them in all directions. Amazingly comfortable, its like wearing a pillow. Really cancels out the exterior sound. Only con is theres been a 2-3 times in the past month that the mic has not worked. Always ends up working after a few minutes and plugging/unplugging. Other than that it works every time. One more downside is the mic is an extra piece with no where to go if you dont want to use it. Theres no button for it either unless you attach another cable with a controller on it, but thats pretty inconvenient. Product still gets 5 stars
Son is very happy with the quality at this price
Best headset I’ve had so far, I’ve games for awhile and have used many brands but this set doesn’t compare. This is the ideal gamers headset. I put these headphones on and didn’t take them off for two days because I forgot they were on my head. Seriously you will forget it’s the same concept of forgetting your glasses are on your head. Sound quality is superb, you sound like you are in the middle of a war zone in some games and to be honest I freaked out on some of the guns going off close to me, they were so damn loud 
My son loves it.
Works Great
I got these for my birthday from my wife and i expected them to be good but not great its interchangeable headphone covers are very good i prefer leather and the case is nice I still have mine in mint condition and they are so comfortable for the price best thing 100$ can buy.
Very happy with this product, sound quality is amazing, definetly the most comfortable headset i ever owned, is worth spending the amount for the quality u get!
Recipient says he’s very happy
You dont even realize you have the headset on, for the price i think its an excellent choice.
Can’t hear my tv with these on or my dog crying. I love the sound! I use them to listen to my music around the house as well
Just an amazing headset all around. THE MIC  is very quiet. These headsets are known to have a very quiet mic. That’s my only complaint
Ive been gaming for a long time and have had a number of different headphones... mostly from Turtle Beach...and these headphones are far and away the best Ive owned.  As soon as you take them out of the box you can see and feel the difference.  Great sound and the comfort is amazing.  Definitely worth every penny!!!
I bought this fir my xbox one. Was excited to be able to take advantage of the 7.1. IT IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE XBOX It does not work  of course the wire with the buttons on it to control voice volume and game chat is part of the usb adapter for the 7.1 So you are forced to plug it into your controller Only problem is that u need the xbox adapter to be able to adjust game vol and game chat Pretty annoying since u cant fully mute people with out physically muting them in game. If i knew what i know now probably wouldn’t have bought it just for the those reasons Besides that tho all around great headset very durable and sturdy design sounds pretty good Id say about 40 percent better than turtle beach x12s
My college age son gives 2 thumbs up!
Product shipped promptly and was as described. Was a Christmas gift for my son and he loves this!
Great purchase!
For the price I would give it 5 but 7.1  only works for PC you cant plug the USB port in an Xbox or Playstation and have 7.1. you have to plug it into the controller. its an amazing head set and worth every penny!!! When at 79.99 it out beats any cloudx and afterglow by far.. if only the 7.1 worked with USB for console... But then it would be a 350$ head set got 79.99
I used to use turtle beach headsets, but the material was cheap and I had to keep replacing them. These have a metal frame which are way more durable and they are much more comfortable.
hhu
Good quality headphones. Block out other noise and very comfortable. Doesn’t get as loud as I would like though.
Writing this review after owning this headset for two years. Used daily on both a laptop and console (xb1) and they are literally still as comfortable as the day I got them, even after hours of use. Finally looking to replace them after one of the wires in the cord broke (my fault), and probably going to reorder these again. Only complaints would be the cord which twist on the inside making it bunch up after time (broke when I tried to straighten). Granted this wasnt a problem til recently. Also the usb connector is pretty flimsy but unnecessary, never used it myself. Highly recommend for the price.
nothing was wrong with my steelseries 5hv2 headset, but a friend purchased the hypermax cloud iis and told me to test them out. gave it a shot and surprisingly enough, they sounded much better than my steelseries. the steelseries needed some fine tuning to get the sounds right. the hypermax cloud iis you just plug in and its ready to go with little to no tuning required. the detachable mic feature is also pretty cool. mic sounds crisp with no distortion. the main feature of this headset for me is the leather ear covers. they keep out the exterior sounds so well that sometimes i even question how loud im speaking while gaming. if youre questioning if the headset isnt loud enough, ill put it this way - i have to put the headset sound to 50%. otherwise, i will blow out my ears. the build quality of this headset is very good. no need to worry about the cables bending or possibly scratching while putting on or removing the headset  before/after usage. now the cons: the one and only famous con is the intermittent "buzzing" that many have complained about. i noticed mine only occurs when i switch between my headset and my desktop speakers. the chance of it occurring is very slim though, maybe 3% of the time.
I gave max stars simply because I got them on prime day at a great deal, the quality is definitely premium and worth the original price.
I really like these headphones.  I only wish that they had more amplification.
the only thing is that you cant hear your voice wen u talk to someone. but it has great sound quality and is extremely comfortable
Just get it.  Extreme quality for reasonable price.
Dropped and bent many times but kaintaisn shape. Nothing has broke and sounds great
AMAZING HEADSET - #1 IN THE SHOP - FAVORITE HEADSET- YOU CAN TAKE THIS HEADSETS TO LISTEN TO MUSIC OR EVEN TO PLAY GAMES - USB AND JACK PORT - SUPER COMFY - OPTION TO MAKW UT 7.1 SURROND SOUND
Excelente
Wow I’m amazed by these headphones. I got 4 pairs of top of the line Astro and razer and nothing compares to these. I’m so happy
I wanted a headset that had did audio over USB (my normal headphone jack has some serious interference issues) that was comfortable, sounded good, had a good mic for teleconferences, and was loud enough for games. This headset ticks off all the boxes. It can be a little hard to hear yourself (the earpads pretty much drown out all audio) and your ears may get a little sweaty after extended use, but it does its job. Excellent set of headphones.
Loud and comfortable
My son loves these. Especially because they drowned out the sound of my voice when I’m trying to call him to do a chore.
I had Logitech G430 headphones and the plastic started breaking eventually making it so the ear cuffs would dangle.  Straight garbage headphones from logitech.  Then I got Corsair Void Pro Wireless headphones, the plastic ring that holds the mic in place broke in half so the mic would just dangle. Then I got these HyperX Cloud IIs and its a superior headset.  I do miss the wirelessness of the Void Pro but meh what can ya do.  The Cloud II is structurally sound and has great audio(Im not an audiophile, just a gamer that needs good directional sound).  The mic quality is much better too from what my buddies on discord tell me.  Great product HyperX!
Just got them. Sure, they sound good.  Its just that, there is no sidetone. "Sidetone?" You say. Sidetone is that reinforcement of your own voice in the headset. So, I cant hear myself speak.  Its important for knowing that my comms are working (like, Im not still muted, or the headset is disconnected, or my Discord crashed), and that my team is hearing me, as well as keeping my speaking voice down in the house so I dont start inadvertently yelling ;) (I mean, that noise canceling is alright, after all but, I might wake people up yelling over it ;p) I didnt really think that sidetone was an "optional" feature. Not for a serious $100 "gaming" headset. Im pretty disappointed and Im thinking about returning them. Which is a shame because theyre solidly built and sound good its just... no...sidetone.  "Are you sure dude?" Yeah. I talked to customer support and theyre like, "blah blah blah no sidetone yep, we get that alot, blah blah blah". And I was like, "Woah. Thats like, a big oversight". And the dude is like, "Thanks for calling" and Im all like "Duces" [grimace and shrug] If youre not into sidetone (like my buddy) then, these might work out for you but... [mind blown]. No sidetone for the mic. For a gaming headset.  No mater how  many times I say it I still dont believe it. But you should believe me because, youll buy them and there will be no option to turn on sidetone and youll be bummed.
Quality product
They are really good
Love the feel and sounds of this headset. Why better than my turtle beaches I had and now I can really get some kills on fortnite, no more sneaky bush attacks! The one annoying thing about this headset is the cord tangles really easy, even if you take pre caution to not let that happen. Still love this headset though.
Very nice this is exactly what Ive been looking for, the quality is and feels really good. I purchased this as a gift for someone so I was a little apprehensive but Im so glad I did it. I would buy this again without a doubt!
Great headset!  The sound is amazing and the microphone crystal clear.  Works much better than the old set l had.
Bought June 2016, leather ear cups just started falling apart this year so I swapped to the other cups it came with.
These arrived packages really nicely and the sound quality is great!
Love them
I have a larger than average head and ears.  So most headsets squash my ears and cause them to ache after a while.  But these fit comfortably over my ears. The sound quality is great.  It enabled me to hear footsteps in PUBG.  And people can hear me just fine during voice chats so the mic is also good.  Another bonus is the ability to adjust the microphone volume with the control on the USB adapter. The only downside is the "headset hair".  But I can only avoid that by using behind-the-neck headphones which dont provide the same quality of sound.
The only dislike I have is that after a while I start to notice how tight it is on my head but everything else has been great about these
This is a truly great product, I’ve had em for almost a week and the quality and material durability feels like a $600 product. Hats off to you guys!
The sound and microphone quality is clean and clear, and the headset is comfortable.  Comes with a few accessories and delivers on features, so I’d say the pricing is decent.
My son loves these headphones for gaming. Great sound quality.
Let me start by saying that I have spent 3 times as much on Bose,Polk and other high end brands of headphones, and these Hyper X BLOW them out of the water. The sound is  phenomenal. The mixture between Bass, Tribble and the Midrange are leaps above the  competition. I have spent $300 plus on headphones to try to get the sound from the Hyper X. I will be buying them for our twin sons also. Highly  recommend this to ANY gamer, music and movie junkie. YOU WONT BE SORRY.
Been using it for two weeks it has been amazing. I upgraded from a decent headset but it was lacking true spatial surround sound. Very comfortable and superb sound.
A gift no complaints so far
got this for my son for gaming! He loves them!
Since the day I got it the headset has been excellent. Simply the fact that you can disconnect the headphones from the rest of the product by an AUX cable allows me to use this on my phone as well. At times I use this head phones just to block out other people. Cant hear a thing! Fire alarm, doesnt exist. Gun shots, hopefully not at me because i wont hear it! 10/10
Really good quality. Good construction. Seems pretty solid. Sound is really great The only bad thing is that the cable that comes attached is really really short, less than 1m i would say. And you would have to buy an extension with a splitter if you want to use them via 3.5mm jack, which is what i use. Otherwise, you have to use it via USB.
My husband loves them
Better than the 20$ headphones I usually buy... Only issue is that I had a big head and its kinda tight
Great for PC gaming use.
Bought them for my teenage son. Says there AWESOME! Sound is incredible! I say, well made.
These are mainly for PC not PS4  u can use with PS4 controller but have no control over anything  no mute no volume controls nothing and its mono not 7.1 its an amazing headset if ur playing on a PC
Really like this product but the mute slide button is not great quality.. km sure it will eventually break
Ps4 gaming, high quality and metal anchors for ear pieces are very important for high use
Amazing for PS4.
Just an amazing headset.
This is an all around win. This gift is still being raved about days after Christmas is over.
I play games like Rainbow 6 Siege and man the 7.1 surround makes a good difference when listening for footsteps. I had Razer Krakens before and this headset is was more durable and comfortable!
My son said these are the best headphones he’s had for gaming. The sound is amazing for the price. I
Amazing headset best one I owned
Great headset. Fells very comfortable on your head (Ive feel asleep wearing it), and keepa out most outside noise (my wife has snuck up on me while i was playing PS4). Not a knock to the headset, but it will not work with USB or the 3.5mm jack on the bottom of the controller on Xbox like it does with PlayStation, it needs the adapter that plugs into the bottom of the controller. Just a heads up to those looking to use it on Xbox
Great priduct expensive but they love it
I was stunned how good this was, I have thousand dollar phones that arent any better sound wise. Grandson chose it, they know a bit more then you think.
Awesome
Upgraded from a Razer Kraken to this headset and dont regret a thing
THERE WAS NOTHING HE DISLIKED ABOUT THIS PRODUCT
Good
Man, when I ordered these, I never would have guessed I would love them so much. These are the most comfortable headphones I’ve ever worn. They blow away my turtle beach headphones. Best part, they work with all platforms. Packaging was solid. Came with extra foam ear pieces and a carrying case too. They were on sale for 70 bucks which was a steal in my opinion. A definite recommend.
The sound quality and noise canceling is great.
They were a present for my son. Hes loving them. The quality is very good a d my son says the sound quality is great.
I wouldnt recommend for use with the Xbox One, because the 7.1 Surround Sound isnt compatible; however, I found a work-around method that you can implement to enable the 7.1 Surround Sound with the Xbox One (instructions at bottom of this review). You can still plug in the stereo 3.5 mm audio jack and the stereo works just fine. Pros: Extremely comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Fits very snugly around ears with no gaps.Sound quality is excellent. Material quality and durability is excellent. Mic feedback doesnt have any issues. Offers an exciting unboxing experience. Cons: I was expecting the 7.1 to help me pinpoint enemy locations based on the sound of their movement, but the only thing the 7.1 Surround Sound does is add depth to the sound. Honestly the 7.1 made it harder to pinpoint enemy movement and it had me spinning in circles trying to figure out which direction the enemy shots/steps were coming from. Keep in mind the 7.1 Surround Sound might not be working as intended based on the work-around method that I implemented. Work-around to enable the 7.1 Surround Sound on Xbox One: 1. You must own a PC 2. You must own a wired Xbox One controller (or an aftermarket mod that plugs into the controller like I use) 3. You must have Windows 10 installed on your PC 4. You must have the Xbox App installed on your PC 5. Plug the controller and the headset into the USB ports on your PC 6. Start the Xbox App and stream to your Xbox One After completing the above steps, you should have the ability to enable the 7.1 Surround on the dongle. There might be a few milliseconds of lag, but this problem should be fixed if you wired both you PC and your Xbox One directly to your modem/router via ethernet cable.
Perfect for gaming Voice improved for pubg game Cool features
very good item
Its clarity, ease of set-up and use, and its comfortability is hardly matched at this price point. The only issue Ive with this particular headset is that the earmuffs are a tad too small and tend to cause vasoconstriction in your earlobes, making it feel warmer than necessary. It is plausible to fold your earlobe and insert them into the muffs with little to no discomfort, comparatively to placing them directly on your ears.
Came in as described and promised date. Thanks so much!
Thank you
I really like the feel these headphones have, theyre very nice and have great sound quality and are very comfortable. However there seems to be a short or something because once the sound reaches a certain level there is a static and its only gotten worse sense it has started. I am not sure what to do. Overall quality is great I really like them, just the static is not so great> :/
Got recommended to be by a friend and it has not failed to impress me yet
These headphone are one of the best I tried. I played games for over 4 hours with no pain, used them for COD to listen for my enemies, and over all solid headphones.
I’ve had this headset since 2016 and I haven’t had an issue with it yet. Highly recommend.
Very comfortable, has great sound, and is well engineered.
Good
Really good sound. Good mic. Surround sound does not work for Xbox. Go download Dolby on your Xbox and you can get surround sound.
Ive been using this headset for months and months now and the sound quality is great.  The earpads have plenty of padding and are quite comfortable.  I game for hours at a time with friends and I really have to be wearing them a long time before my ears start to get slightly uncomfortable.  I havent tried the additional earpads that came with them but they look and feel even more comfortable.  Surprisingly, the noise cancellation on these are really great!  Ive had people totally sneak up on me without me hearing them or be talking to me and I cant actually figure out what they are saying unless I take the headset off.  The mic is very flexible which is nice to get the correct loudness for those listening to you or just to be able to push it out of the way to take a drink or a bite to eat.  Also, the microphone is fully detachable so if you are just listening and not using it you can remove it and not worry about it getting in your way.  This works perfectly with my PS4, my PC, and if I dont use the USB dongle I can plug it and use it in any regular headphone jack.
Great product. High quality great for gaming
Bought these for the kids to use while playing Fortnite and they love them. Sound quality is good and microphone works well
The headset is made out of good materials and doesnt feel cheap. The speakers are crisp and defined, especially when hitting the lows. Id heavily recommend getting Dolby Atmos for these.
Love Them. Very Comfortable. A little on the heavier side of headphones but not unbearable
Quality purchase
So far so good
Excellent headphones. Perfect for PC gaming. Passable for console, but get a console specific headset if youre after all the goodies. Slightly too expensive for what you get. Very good quality.
I havent gotten around to using the microphone yet, so I cant speak to the voice quality, but these have great sound quality and are the most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn. I prior set of headphones I got make my ears hurt after a few hours, but I could probably wear these all day without a problem. I love that they have a traditional headphone jack that plugs into another cable for USB; that way I can use them for gaming with my PC or connect them to my phone or iPod to listen to music. Worth the price!
Dope
He loves his head phones
Great packaging, Great sound quality but the materiel does not last.
My son wanted a cheap pair for gaming and I surprised him with these for Christmas. He loves them! Great quality!
Great for anyone with a small budget
Great sound
Very good price point for a good sounding headset
Great sound. Sweat proof covers.
I bought these for my daughter my son said they wouldn’t be good because not name brand but he tried them and said they were great
So far, all good.  My kid loves them!
Very comfortables and very good cuality, recommended.
Great buy! My son loves them!
So far the headset is great. I use it on Xbox one X. It’s super comfortable. Sounds great. That’s all that matters to me.
The product is great, you can hear everything including directions of sounds
Mason lo es his nbew head set has Beats 3 wireless but wanted these for gaming on his computer he has been enjoying then aNd just purchase light up keyboard which is all too cool
I purchased these as a Christmas present for my boyfriend. I told him to give me the top picks of headphones and I would choose which id get him so it would be a surprise. From what hes said, it has great sound quality and he mainly picked them so he could hear players in his FPS games.
Great so far. Good to use as phone headphones as well.
Wraps around my ear and doesn’t move, sounds nice, and I like the look of it
After trying many other pairs, my son said he liked these the best.  After reading several positive reviews, and thinking I was doing myself a favor by buying a more expensive headset, I bought them.  I certainly expected better build quality, especially after a month!  Now all I hear is him screaming into the microphone because its cutting in and out, and then complaining his new headset doesnt work anymore.  Even gave HyperX the benefit of the doubt and bought a new Xbox One controller, thinking it was the controller jack, and the problem persists.  Its either the microphone itself, or the jack on the headset that it plugs into.  What a waste of time and money...time to look elsewhere.  Another $100 paper weight... Update: HyperX made it right and shipped a replacement which has been going strong for several months.
Arrived tightly packaged in a strudy box and work perfectly. For the price point, they don’t disappoint.
Very comfortable and sound quality is great. Only bad thing is they are specifically made for pc. You can use the surround sound on ps4 but the volume and mic keys are not functional at all. You have to manually adjust the volume through the volume controls.
My son loves it so far
These are great looking headphones. The materials are so much better than those cheap 50$ ones. I just hope they will last my son at least a year. After buying and returning a cheap pair I definitely think these are worth the money.
TL;DR - Amazing Fit, Sounds, and Quality. Decent Mic. Get it when its on sale The HyperX Cloud 2 are amazing. Used to have the Logitech G430 and coming to Cloud 2 is amazing. The first one I got adjuster was loose so called up amazon support and HyperX and they did an amazing job getting me a replacement. I use the Velour Pads, the leather one feels alright just dont like it. The mic sounds good but might be low for some people. Audio from the headset its amazing. Has more treble than bass but the sound quality is good. The G430 has more bass but the Cloud 2 more clearer.
As many headset its tends to trebles when not using the provided USB sound card. The sound quality is excellent when yuore using the USB sound card.
I typically avoid wearing headphones as they become very uncomfortable for me after a short amount of time. Ive had these for a few weeks now, and Im finding I can wear them for a lot longer without becoming uncomfortable at all! Sound quality is also very good. Id recommend purchasing!
These just melt into my head, and I completely forget they are there. The sound quality is great for the price, and the mic is alright, but not the best. I cannot recommend these enough.
Headset sounds good and is very durable. My only gripe is the usb cable length is way too long. It causes the console on the cable to drag and get scratched.
So far so good. My only thought is this product would be so much better if there was a mute button. This headset otherwise has met all expectations and is quite comfortable.
I read a lot of reviews trying to buy the best set for not a ridiculous amount of money.  My son was so impressed with these and the construction seems excellent  - very solid but the weight isnt too much.  He says the sound is excellent.  I totally recommend these.
Only problem I have with the headset is that if you are using it to listen to music on your phone or play games on an xbox, the aux cord is a bit short. If youre using it to game on PC, the adapter for it makes it a lot longer. Other than that, they are the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn and the sound quality is amazing. I would recommend them to anyone.
Ive had this headset for about a month now, I will update if something happens. This headset is extremely comfortable. I wear glasses and have no problems wearing this headset for hours. Its made of very nice materials and it feels like its made to last. I like that it comes with another set of ear pads. The bag it came with is nice and padded as well. The cable is braided and lightweight, and feels like it will last a while. The mic is sturdy and adjusts nicely. The control box for volume feels a little cheap. Im worried that it wont hold up, but hopefully it will perform fine. The box is in an annoying spot for me, I dislike clipping it onto myself, but it gets in the way if I dont. The sound quality is great. For the price I do not think you can get better sound quality. This thing beats a lot of the $150+ headsets Ive owned. The 7.1 setting is where this headset really shines. If you arent looking for a flashy RGB headset and just want something that feels comfortable and sounds good, I recommend this one.
By far the best headset I’ve ever owned. In the past I have bought turtle beach surround sound headsets and I have never been impressed by their durability. I noticed that pretty much every spot that ever broke on my past headsets has been over engineered for durability on this headset. The braided cord is a nice touch that will obviously increase the lifetime of the headset. Sound quality is amazing and this is also one of the most comfortable to wear headsets I’ve ever owned, very adjustable with memory foam padding.
This is an excellent headset. For context, this is my 2nd HyperX headset purchase in 12 months; I purchased a set of the HyperX Cloud Stingers for my laptop before I picked up these Cloud IIs, and was thoroughly impressed with their performance too (especially for the $50 Cloud Stinger price tag). Keep in mind, I havent used the Mic on either of these headsets to have an opinion. Theres an immediate quality improvement from $50 to $100 in comparing the Cloud Stinger to the Cloud II. First off, these Cloud IIs are very comfortable. Dont get me wrong, the Stinger isnt uncomfortable, but the Cloud II definitely fits better. Also, despite being a sturdier headset in feel with its metal over plastic construction, the Cloud II is a very light fit. Its easy to forget Im wearing them honest, where the Stinger is a bit bulkier in comparison. (I have a big noggin too, so this comfort factor is a big plus in my book). Secondly, the external 7.1 Surround Sound Card; this isnt a feature for the Stinger (and wasnt necessary for me with my laptops internal Dolby Sound Card). I was leery about the Cloud IIs external Sound Card feature as being gimmicky. I didnt have any previous experience with external sound cards before this purchase, but I can vouch for the Cloud II in saying that its far from a gimmick feature. Its a quality listening experience for both gaming and streaming music. Neither the Stinger or the Cloud II have any noticeable background feedback (with minimal input/output balancing). This has been a problem for me in the past with a few, older Turtlebeach purchases Ive made, so I was keen to audio testing both of these headsets for any hisses or pops. Ive been extremely pleased with this purchase overall. Id personally recommend either the Cloud II over the Stinger based entirely on your price range though; that +$50 jump can seem steep initially, but its absolutely worth it. If youre looking right in that $50 range still, the Stinger is still great.
it is really good headset for gaming, the quality of the product it is good and excellent performance. May be the price need to reduce a little more
For real long time I couldnt understand why would someone spend more than 30$ on a headphones, but after I have tried this one.. WOW i regret every minute of my life spent with cheap product! the sound quality is way good, comfortable, good looking, nice mic and for a decent price after all.
Makes gaming fun
Takes a minute to get used to how great these headphones are
These are by far the best set of headphones I’ve owned. Had a hard time deciding exactly what to get and couldn’t be happier I went with these.
my opinion its a good headset from other depend on The cost I getting because the discount its nice
This is a great headset. I’ve been a turtle beach guy since 2011 but a friend of mine referee me to this. A GREAT choice. I also got the turtle beach surround sound adapter along with this for my Xbox and it’s phenomi.
Ive gone through dozens of different headsets, headphones, and earbuds over the past 10 years. The HyperX Cloud II is definitely at the very tip top of that list. I have extremely sensitive ears and most headsets & headphones end up causing extreme discomfort after extended use. This is not the case with these. I can wear these for 8 hours and completely forget that I even have headphones on. Theyre extremely comfortable and extremely well built. I would definitely recommend this for anyone in the market for headsets.
I tried so many gaming headsets ,, this headset is fairly good ,, I gave it a 4 star rating because i tried it on my laptop on games like Rainbow six Siege, PUBG, and Apex Legends and it sounds really good. The wires are too long and that’s not a thing that I like but nevertheless sounds really good.
One of the best headsets Ive used over the years. Its very comfortable to wear, blocks out unwanted noise (which can get me in trouble with the wife sometimes) and has the option to remove the microphone when you arent planning to use voice chat.
These sound amazing. They replaced my older heavier Turtle PX51’s. The sound is great, the ear pieces are comfy. The quality is great. I got them in black/gunmetal. Great purchase/price.
Fits well and great sound.
I got it with discount so its good for price.
Good
Really comfortable. Sounds great.
Its really comfortable to wear for long periods of time. I feel like I can wear it all day without any uncomfort. The only thing I dont like is I cant mute when on my PlayStation, but thats okay.
It was given as a gift and he loves it!
This is by far the best headset Ive ever owned or used. Ive had xbox headsets, turtle beaches, and have used Astros and others. I have pretty much tested every well-known and widely-used headset out there, and this is by far the best one, and is compatible with every device, from cell-phones to consoles to computers. This is worth the money, as I have had no problems in the several months Ive had it, and my brother hasnt had any in the several years hes had one.
The reviews are right. For the price point these are the best. Awesome quality. I was totally creped out when my son let me try these and I heard footsteps of a in-game character, what I would estimate about 5-6 feet behind me....out of visual. And that is exactly where they were in the game itself, slightly in back of me to my left. Indeed, the headphones have great audio imagery and great sound quality for voice as well. Love these. Worth the price.
Over all this is a great product and really is one of the best headsets I have ever bought for myself and for my brother. I would keep track of how well the microphone works though because it is detachable and seems like it will be the first thing to break. Over all this is a 4.5/5 product.
The sound was great
Sound blocking is great, as we as the sound quality coming through
Let me preface this review by saying that I got this headset on sale for $70 compared to the list price of $100. That being said, this headset is pretty awesome. I would even take it at the price of $100 if you cannot wait for a sale. As someone who has spent a lot more money on a headset than this one, I am really enjoying this Hyper X Cloud II. The sound is much louder and crisper than my old headset. It is comfortable, but not extremely comfortable. You can adjust the input volume and output volume on the switcher along with a toggle mute switch. On the switcher there is a 7.1 Surround sound button. For gaming I would not use the 7.1 button as it made it very difficult to hear exactly where sounds were coming from. I would definitely take this over other mainstream brands like Razer, Turtlebeach, and Astro. For the price range this is one of the best out there. My one gripe with this headset is that the cord is extremely long and gets tangled very easily. I remedied this by getting a headphone stand with a cable organizer. So not a big deal, but still annoying. Have had it for a few months and Im hoping it lasts even longer than my previous headset.
After hours of research, countless website reviews, online forums, YouTube videos, and contemplation I finally found the perfect headset for me. I was choosing between these, the Logitech g633/933, hyperx revolver s, hyperx alpha, razor kraken pro v2, and hyperx flight. I settled on the hyperx cloud II headset because I decided to decrease my budget a little bit and man it was worth it. I didnt care about the surround sound but it is an amazing addition. The comfortability of this headset is outstanding as well, I wore these for 6 hours straight playing BF1 with my glasses on and forgot they were even on my head. These things are super immersive and well worth the price. Also if you have a PS4 the surround sound does work with it, you just have to update the 7.1 surround sound dongle via the hyperx website and download the firmware to enable it. Look no further! Or if your not sold yet at least keep these as a potential option to compare with other headsets you want.
Fantastic on my xbox one
Brought for my bf for Xmas. He loves them. The sound is so loud and very very comfortable
Excellent
I tried the revolver s,  which was crisp but the volume maxed out way too low. I tried the turtle beach stealth 700, which was  louder and had a cool features but had modeled sound with a distorted 7.1 .  I also tried the cheap  turtle beach 50s  which for $30 aren’t bad but for $70 the cloud IIs are infinitely better. The Cloud IIs are definitely the best of these. I really enjoy the virtual 7.1 and the volume increases to a high enough level where I’m not maxed out all the time and I still have head room. The sound is clear even at high volumes. Great for movies and games with the doggle. The  headphones by themselves on your phone are OK but they don’t have the punch to them that most people are looking for with music these days. I use mine on a PlayStation 4 after updating the firmware the PlayStation 4 supports the 7.1 and easy plug-and-play make it a great choice.
Couldnt be happier with it; highly recommend.
Good headset to use it for hours. Are very comfortable with a good sound quality (for its price) and clear microphone.
fits well, dont hurt the ears
It’s a good mic great sound
One thing I will say to those buying HyperX and complain about either the ear pads or that it crushes you head at first those do go away (at least for me) after a couple weeks of use. Only real con I have with HyperX is they tend to have shorts in the headset after around a year (I have owned 4 of these) and you either need to take the padding off and re-solder the short or send it back to be fixed.
Not sure about sound but so far sp good. 12 year old that has broken every pair of headphones within days of recieving has had these almost a month now. So, so far so good.
Arrived just as expected, perfect.
On line gaming
Great product
The product itself is very durable and sturdy, sound quality is great, isolates sound very well and the mic is very good for apps such as discord.
I love the sound quality and they are super comfortable. Also the level of noise cancelling is surprisingly good. Best of all is the long cord. So convienient.
I may have finally found a pair that don’t fall apart after a year.
Got as a gift for my boyfriend. It’s perfect
I got this as a gift for my boyfriend who loves to play video games on console and PC. He says its very comfortable, and the surround sound is great. Its a pretty good headset for the price its at; definitely worth.  He mentioned that the physical buttons to change volume doesnt work on the PS4, but he still really likes it.
Boyfriend is serious gamer on his pc and he loves the headset. Comfy light comes with awesome case.
I love this product. I would’ve given 5 stars if the mute button was on the headset or at least closer to the earpiece. Nice long cable though.
Awesomely Comfortable
Its nice headphone. worth for the money
Great, the sound is amazing
I tried to plug and play into my PS4 but the sound was weak even through usb. The soundcard controller didnt not work well either. So I plugged the USB card into my computer, ran a 10 second update from the website and these headphones are what I paid for now. They completely block out the sound of my roommate watching TV right next to mine and the mic is Crystal clear. The fit is a little snug (not uncomfortable) at the moment but it feels like it will break in nicely after some wear.  The 7.1 virtual surround isnt as good as the PS4 Gold headset, but straight stereo sounds better than expected.
I bought mine from Best Buy, and had to replace them under their protection plan twice over three years. Overall the sound and mic quality was great. My biggest problem with them was calling going bad - all three sets Ive had tended to have static over the mic after about a year, which was really annoying for the people listening to me. But damn they made music sound nice, fit on my small head well and didnt pick up every single little noise and breath in the background when I was talking. I broke for a set of Corsair headphones last week to change things up, but overall this headset was very good.
Its taken a beating since I have a small desk and a young nephew who drops it from time to time and trips over the cable. If your mic suddenly stops working after a windows 10 update then windows turned permission for your mic off. You have to go to Settings>Privacy>Mic Permission and turn it back on.
My son is a gamer and these are his headphones of choice.
Ive owned a total of over 38 gaming headsets and this has to be the best one i have ever found.
Having been through several Turtle Beach and Logitech headphones of varying price points, these HyperX Cloud IIs are the best yet! Build quality appears excellent with a metal band construction, woven cords (both for the input cable and two driver cables), and two different sytles of included cuffs (leather- and velvet-textures). Really glad that the included in-line sound controls / surround sound emulator is optional, because I find it a little gimmicky and prefer software controls. My only complaint is that the unit fit a bit tight, which made my earlobes hurt a bit after a while. I used past-tense because, although the metal bands at the cuffs are sturdy, they can be bent slightly to relieve pressure. After that, Ive found no other issues. Having been unable to find wireless headphones of a decent quality at this price point, Im glad I went with the HyperX Cloud IIs!
After breaking several headsets, I became frustrated with the plastic crap saturating the market. I saw that these had metal.  I talked to the manufacturer on durability and took the leap of faith that they’d hold up. After two years, they’re just as sturdy as they were the day I bought them. The microphone being removable was a great design choice. Why have it attached if you barely use it—and when I do use it, it’s as crystal clear as the day I got it
These are worth it for sure. Ive been gaming for years and these do the job and more for all the games I PLAY. Whether it be the witcher to fortnite to COD these will do the job. 100 bucks is a perfect price for these great headphones. Fyi this is not sponsored or asked to do. Im just a regular consumer. Stay blessed and highly favored yall.
money well spent!
I had the Cloud I model previously but when the audio just stopped working I picked up the Cloud II. the sound is excellent, the durability of the frame is magnificent, and I use these every day. However, just recently I was forced to get a USB desktop microphone when the in-headset mic stopped working. The cause was something to do with the little controller on the headset wire. I dont know if this was my doing or a something wrong with the headset. Either way, its no longer an issue and it gave me a reason to get a proper microphone.
I must have had these for 3 years now, used them so much that the first pair ear covers completely fell apart - the black leathery bits were coming off due to excessive use and would leave black stuff all over my shirts and even hair. So I replaced them with the (provided) plush ear covers instead and have been using these for about a year now without problems. It initially took some time to get used to the slight pressure on the ears, but its a lot less noticeable than with HyperX 1 or other headsets Ive had. Mic sucks as it does with most of these built in headsets, but I use a professional cardioid mic anyway, so this wasnt an issue. The cable on these is ridiculously long, so take it as is. I love it as I can move around the room and not care about stuff. The noise cancellation is already pretty good. Highly recommended for: audio editing, video editing, gaming, listening to music from your computer, general work
If you are looking for a good value pair of headphones that wont break the bank, these are them. Stop shopping now. They are incredible for gaming and wont disappoint.
excellent, this product I loved Thank you
Best headset
This product gets the job done. So far ive only used it on my ps4 and not really on my pc yet, but I can guarantee that the sound on my ps4 has definitively improved to the point my gameplay also improved.
This is the most comfortable headset that Ive found and Ive tried most of them. The sound and build quality is great, including noise cancellation. The lack of controls on the headset is a miss from other headsets, especially the inability to mute the mic, but if you are going to wear your headset for hours, youll love these.
Great headset. Has great sound and great mic. 4 stars because its not the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn but i would recommend it to others.
Comfy, perfect design , sounds great
This headset is THE most comfortable I’ve ever used (I wear glasses). The sound quality was disappointing at first but after using an EQ the sound is great. The mic quality is a bit low, and my friends immediately noticed my mic quality was lower when I first used this headset but whatever. Overall it’s sturdy, comfortable, and sound cancellation is nice. Mic could be better though, 4/5.
The small adapter that comes with the product didnt fit on my computer. Other than that, flawless!
Sounds great
Amazing
I love everything about them
update from my old hyperx cloud. wear and tear leather and mic cover over time many use.
Grandson loves these headphones.  Extremely satisfied with transaction.
Avid gamer. Hands down best headset Ive purchased. The quality is not matched at this price point. I opted for the Gun Metal its a bit cheaper. The 7.1 surround sound does provide a bit of white noise so I leave it turned off. As stereo is just as good. I need to hear footsteps in my game CSGO and the stereo is a better option than any surround sound.
Like the sound Quality but might as well get the revolver now since their probably cheaper
Good price, great sound, very confortable for gaming. Its my second one, because the first one stopped working after 2 or 3 years.
Good headset and build quality. This may be just an issue with me but when wearing glasses it can hurt over time and are quite tight on my head but they still probably need to be broken in
This product made me write my first review. These pair of  headphones are worth so much more than 80$ (the time I bought them). Glad I traded out my corsair ones for these bad boys. 5/5
..What more do you need to know?
My son was extremely impressed with these headphones. They must work well, because he can’t hear dinner being called when he’s in the middle of a game!
These head phones are a great upgrade from my tutle beach ear force x50s. I love how comfortable they are and the sound quality is amazing. Only diwnside is i wish i had the ability to control the volume by hand instead of going into the settings while playing on xbox.
Great headset, previously used LG430 on Overwatch and this one blows it out of the water!
Sound and mic quality are good. Fairly comfortable top part could be a bit more padded.  Cancels out a lot of sound.
Easily hear your enemies in Blackout now.
Good product, and nice for gaming
amazing product, included accesories make it all the better
Used to always get turtle beach till I put on a set of hyperX. And I will never go back to turtle beach. HyperX is the most comfiest headset I have ever wore. You will not be disappointed in this headset.
Works like a charm. Had a set of corsair Voids, and these are far better for fps shooters like pubg where you need to hear them through walls around you. Also not bad for music. Very adjustable equalizer and mic
Love it, greatest headset ever made.
Excellent build quality, premium materials, and very comfortable. I havent used them as much as I planned, but the times I have used them I was impressed.
Bought this for my husband. He particularly enjoys the option to swap the ear pads to the more breathable material rather than the leather, the inline controls, and the soundproofing. Ive had to tell him to quit talking so loud when he really gets into some games because he cant hear how loud hes being, haha. Ive used the headset on a few occasions for listening to music and watching Netflix, and have been impressed with the sound quality. Weve had the headset for a few weeks now, so cant speak to durability, but it seems it is built to last and I dont worry about having to replace it anytime soon.
Fits extremely comfortably. Use them for video games and music. Sound is great can hear where everyone is and for music a 7.1 speaker system us life changing 10/10
From listening to music to chatting on discord with friends this headset is amazing, sound wise and comfort.
Everything we wanted & needed. Great sound quality & super comfortable.
REALLY COMFORTABLE HEADSET HYPERX FTW
Headset lasted me a good year and a half. Which it was longer, however the ear muffs were very comfortable and the sound quality was great.
Ive had this headset for a year now and its simply amazing. The audio is great and the 7.1 is extremely accurate in-game. Would buy again. Its extremely durable and I havent had a single problem. The only thing Id criticise about this headset is the microphone. Although all headset microphones are bad its the only downside. Nothing broken, still good as new, and still the best gaming headset for 80$. The hyperx brand sells great and reliable stuff.
Have had them for over a month now and they havent changed a bit.
Amazing quality
I was very skeptical about paying this much for headphones but did some research and found these to be highly rated.  Ive been using these regularly for two months and they are really solid.  They are comfortable for long game sessions and the microphone is reliable and crisp.  The sound in the headset is much better than through my soundbar and I get a much better sense of the ambient noise.  Im very pleased I spent the money for these.
It is the best value you can buy !! You must turn on 7.1 Virtual Surround Sound !! It makes sound so much better !! A+++
Hard to say anything I "dont" like since overall is best purchase of headphones imo. Only real drawback Id have to say is the mic but then again, it isnt those fancy expensive ones so its pretty decent when only compared to other gaming headset mics. Must say, worth every dollar.
Sound is one of the best for under $100 that ive seen. Works on PC and PS4 with the usb 7.1 and works on pretty much anything else using the 3.5mm plug. Would recommend to anyone who doesnt mind having a wired headset.
Confortable smd good sound
Just as comfy as my bose QC35
A bit heavy, but good quality and good sound
My kid seems to think this works fine. He is using it with the Xbox One.
Comfortable. Great quality. Could use them for my Xbox one and now on my PC. Great for first person shooters to hear those footsteps. Overall great product.
There are advertised as 7.1 Surround Sound AND compatible with Xbox One.  However they fail to mention that with Xbox One, you will not be able to utilize the 7.1 Surround Sound adapter as it requires a USB connection.  USB connection is not available on the Xbox One controller.  So if youre planning to use these for Xbox One gaming plugging directly into your controller, you just use the 3.5mm plug without the USB connector.  Hope that makes sense. Im giving these 5 stars because they are a quality headset.  However I am disappointed not being able to utilize the 7.1 surround sound as I intended.
I love the sound quality from these headphones. Just remember that there is no inline mic control (volume control/mic mute) if youre not using the USB sound card that comes with the headset (basically, if youre playing on Xbox and only using the 3.5mm input). Seem to work great on PC with the soundcard though. So my only advice is to make sure you have the 3.5mm mic control adapter if you plan on using these with Xbox. Contacted Kingston about the best approach/solution for my issue with inline mic controls since I mainly use them for Xbox game volume and party chat and the adapter was my conclusion. The customer service representative was kind and quick to respond.
very cool great quality
Audio is great. I can hear footsteps in any game and I know exactly where they are coming from in newer games I can even give a very good guess on distance I have one issue and it’s a big one but the headphones are still 4 star worthy. I cans adjust my outgoing mic problem and I tried every fix I can find I even downloaded some thing from hyperx and it didn’t work and people need to turn me up 200% in every game so if it wasn’t for that it would get 5 stars
super light and comfortable. 7.1 could be better tho
Only buy if you game on PC, these are great headset for the price if you take advantage of its potential. I don’t recommend for console gamin since you can’t use the 7.1 surround sound.
Great audio without hurting my large head. Feels fine on my head after very long 12 hour gaming seasons. The cable is long and reaches all the way to my bed. I use this on my PS4 Pro with no issues after updating. Fantastic headphones!
Super comfy with great sound. The mic also works very well. Havent had any complaints from friends I game with.
When Im in my shooter games, you can instantly tell what direction your next kill is coming from easily.  However, the headphones lack any sort of software as part of the installation to mute out dogs barking in the background (Corgis! ARGHHHH!).  The ability to cancel out background noise just doesnt exist with these headphones (unless there is some download that I havent seen on HyperXs website?) yet.
Best for games
Just what I wanted. Good crisp sound and good base.
Fantastic sound quality, very comfortable, and pretty sturdy. I have had this headset for about a month now and Ive dropped it more times than I care to count, but nothing is broken and it works great
I saw so many bad reviews about the soundcard part not working with the PS4. I guess they didnt know that the company has a firmware update for it that enables it to work perfectly with the PS4. Very comfortable and the head and ears and even comes with another set of ear covers in a different material if you dont like the soft faux leather feel. Solid construction on this headset too. Love the fact that I dont have to plus it into my controller to chat still.
Amazing Product
Great for gaming comfortable using long periods of time
These are super comfortable, but not "forget Im wearing them" comfortable because they are a heavy/ dont breathe too well. The 7.1 sounds great in RPG games like Witcher, Doom, DMC and can enhance vocal heavy music (though for EDM I usually turn the 7.1 off). The bass is nothing to write home about, but it certainly isnt bad. Overall, maybe not the best out there, but they sure are good headphones. For light everyday use they are fantastic.
I highly recommend these headphones to anyone.  They really are great for gaming
Great headphones, the mic are not that goods tho!
My son did the research and bought these.  He loves them!  Comfortable, stylish and good sound quality.  He’s a happy gamer now!
Good quality
I liked the color, it is more beautiful then the pictures
Probably one of the best for the price, great noise reduction, comfortable for hours of wear, look grwat
Giving this 4 stars because there is no volume control on the wire that hooks up to the ps4 controller. The 7.1 sound adapter doesn’t really work with PS4, but the sound quality is amazing and the headphones are very comfortable. Definitely worth the buy.
Got these as a gift for my BF and he loved them.  Replaces his HyperX Cloud originals, and he uses them every day.  He loves the sound, as well as rectangular button area instead of a wheel.
Sounds good... bass might be a little on the soft side.  The 7.1 surround sound feature feels a bit gimmicky, just seems to make it louder. The big seller for me is the construction.  I like the leather on the headband and the ear-cups.  Coming from a Turtle Beach X12 that broke just above the driver, I dont think this pair will have the same point of failure due to the brushed aluminium construction.  The mic is decent quality for the price, and is removeable, which is also a good sell point for me as I dont always want to have a mic in front of me.
Bought this item for my PS4, these headphones sound amazing!! They also look and feel nice. Very comfortable to wear. For games in which sound is important these definitely come in handy. Although could not get the 7.1 surround to work with the PS4, Im pretty sure its just for PC. But overall great headphones, just dont let the 7.1 surround fool you, you can basically buy the same headphones for cheaper...
Very good headset, mic quality is great and doesnt pick up background noise, sound doesnt leak from the speaker, and the construction is very durable. And the unboxing experience is very good, for those who care. Highly recommend for casual gaming/music listening.
This headset is incredible and I would recommend it to anyone! Best advice is to make sure which of the HyperX headset suits you best, then choose your color. The only thing I could recommend about making this item better would be to increase the length of the audio jack cord. Other than that this item is flawless!
These headphones are amazing!!! Ive been using them for about 6 months now and them are honestly some of the best headphones Ive ever used. I use them on Xbox and PC interchangeablely and they sound amazing on both. I play mostly rainbow six siege on these things and they are very good to pin point your enemys location throughout the map. 10/10
My husband and I purchased these headsets just a hair over 2 years ago. About a week after the warranty expired, his microphone stopped working. Two months after his went bad, my microphone went bad too. The microphone itself still works if I use it alone plugged into a mic jack. The jack itself in the headset it what went bad. I assume that both of these are from the same build group, but going bad so soon right after the expiration AND so my headset going bad a few weeks after his made us both question the timing. The headset itself is AMAZING. After 2 years of daily use it still looks like its new out of the box. The leather material on the ear cuffs is still soft and hasnt gone brittle or broken like other headsets we have had in the past. My husband is notorious for trashing headsets months after being purchased and weve spent more money than I care to admit over the years between Logitech, Taotronics, Turtle Beach and other brands trying to find headsets that would not break easily and last for more than a year. These headsets hit the mark and despite the microphones going bad, we both agree they were worth every penny spent. Despite having no microphone, I still use them to listen to music and game. We never had issues with the 7.1 and the noise cancelling is too good sometimes. The cord is nice and long and never tangles on itself. If you are looking for a headset that is top notch sound quality and durable, I can not recommend these enough.
They are high quality materials, come packaged great, and feel like a cloud on my head. Definitely get what you pay for.
Was skeptical of buying these at first because of the price tag but they are really nice. Friends say my voice sounds better, it works on my PC and PS4. I like them allot.
does this come with a splitter to talk in games via pc
Bought this to play with some friends after using a cheaper alternative. I was scared at first but it is worth the money. The build feels sturdy, and extremely comfortable on the ears, you never really feel like they push too hard on you. The padding is very soft and swappable, and the mic bends very easily to your adjustment (however it does feel kinda easy to break compared to the rest of the headset) The 7.1 comes from a usb connection but you can use the regular jack for any other console or for your phone. The sound for 7.1 really depends on the game your playing sometimes so cant really review it that well since Ive yet to play something that takes advantage of it. All in all though it feels like its great quality and worth the money. Take the chance on this I think youll like it!
Great for games like black ops or music
The headphones are comfortable and sound great. I have no complaints about them and I use them all day, every day.
I went from razer kraken 7.1 to these. The size of the Ear cups is perfect. The ear pads rest on my head and NOT my ears. the krakens were great but would cause my ears to be sore after extended use. the USB and 3.5 connections make for quick swapping from PC to consoles. The 7.1 "effect" that can be turned on/off by the controller on the cable isnt great. I just leave it off and the sound is fine. I have heard foot steps before my friends have in games while spectating them.
The comfort and quality of the hardware in these headphones are well worth the price.  Sturdy aluminum, leather ear pieces and headband, interchangeable ear pieces between leather or cloth and the 7.1 surround sound works better than previous headsets weve owned.
Great product for everyday use.
I personally dont use them but our grandson said its all these things!
Sound and construction. Yes I keep them on a stand, but they are very durable
Ive had my eye on this headset for awhile now and then a friend of mine bought a pair in red and i instantly fell in love and ordered a pair. 5/5
One of the best gaming headset !! I have own. Its easy to use. Plug in and just play :).  Audio and everything is good!
Excellent sound quality for all my gaming experience. Use it for PC gaming as well as PS4. The detachable wire length is just perfect for PS4 controller.
VERY nicely made and amazing sound quality
Been going strong for months now, no issues at all with them. Only thing is beware! This is not going to make your ps4 i to 7.1 sorround. U must have a PC with 7.1 sorround capabilty in order to get this feature. Other than that it works awesomr and mic has great pickup!
Great for gaming and everything. I love that I can now hear when someone is making noise and can pinpoint there location. I also use this for music and the quality is awesome. Also because I am using these for music the detachable mic is great, no need to move it out of the why and try to disable it. Just remove it and done.
I love the 7.1 surround feature. Works like a charm. Really feel immersed when playing games. Also the sound quality is crystal clear. Love that it comes with options for ear pieces. According to those online the microphone sounds good. Materials are solid and durable, but not heavy. Overall Im surprised such a high quality headset is so cheap compared to the competitors with marginal differences in quality.
This headset is great, I would not worry about the durability of it cause it is a solid build. If you are more interested about the specs and what not then here ya go. It plugs into a single usb port onto your computer, the 7.1 surround sound is a cool feature but I have found that it does not help me tremendously in games like csgo. The surround sound does not work on ps4 or xbox (so Ive been told) I have not yet tried it on there. I have had no problems with mic quality or audio quality both are clear and good. One thing I would like to change is the dongle. The dongle is very simple with a mic and audio volume up and down, a 7.1 button to activate and deactivate the surround sound and a mute slider button on the side. My old headset had many more features on the dongle so this one is very disappointing but still gets the job done. I would not let the dongle make you hesitate on getting this headset. I ran into one trouble when i downloaded a voice changer for my headset, dont get these they mess up your setting sand unless you really know what your doing or you can trust the voice changer.
Perfect for both music and gaming
Love these headphones.. have used them almost daily since I purchased them as a replacement to some SteelSeries ones I had.  The only "issue" i have is that whatever the backing material is that they use on the earmuffs and the headrest does deteriorate if you perspire heavily while gaming..
So far so good, great product for the price.
Really nice quality.  I would recommend!  Works with both my XBox1 and PS4
5 stars.  Solid,  great sound, comfortable and really built to last.  My big concern as a gamer and audiophile is that the volume  wouldnt go high enough, Ive experienced this with several other headsets... Well it does,  in fact, Playback can reach volume levels that border on the uncomfortable,  so if youve damaged your eardrums going to too many concerts in your younger years like i have,  this is a bonus. One con in my personal opinion and this may not matter you most,  but the bass is a little lacking and not as rich as youd find in something like my old plantronics Gamecon 780 headset.
I had the Turtlebeach px22 and the sound was great, but the quality of the ones i had kept falling apart just from putting it on my head or moving the mic. I had purchased and replaced that pair 5 times and decided it was time to try something new and I was NOT disappointed! These are great! They also dont let in a lot of outside sound so you can immerse yourself into the game-play. The price is also better than buying the more expensive brands. So you are definitely getting what you pay for.
Bought these for my wife to compliment my own pair. Theyre comfortable even for long sessions, the audio quality is great, and the combined mic/sound plug means they work out of the box with your phone. Excellent stuff.
Been going strong for almost 3 years. Controls on usb work. Helps discerning footsteps in siege.
After having multiple turtle beaches, these proved to be the best value and sound quality
These are excellent headphones to start with for gaming. Ive had them for about 2 years b4 they broke. they have lasted as long as my a40 tr so if you are trying to save a lil bit of money i would pick these up
Used it for about 3-5 hours every day for almost 2 months, the surround was wonderful. Noise cancellation was adequate, but VERY light weight and never gave me head or neck aches. Sadly, headset part stopped operating, but the surround sound port was easy to hook up to another cheaper headset. Sad it didnt have long life.
These are great for those of us who get a little too hot while gaming.  The different material ear cups are super comfy and I really enjoy them!
Good
Great quality. Very comfortable. Especially love that the mic is removable!
Bought these headphones for gaming and the surround sound feature is excellent. You can hear every little nuance in the game and it makes the games much easier to play. You get the upper hand on someone who does not use headphones in a major way.
Nothing to say but perfect.
This headset has no bass, I think that hyperx should check this out
I have ordered three pairs of these.  I replaced two because when i first got my dog she chewed through two of them.  The first pair I had for three years and loved them and would have continued to wear them.  Second pair I had for a few weeks and then left them in reach and the dog got those as well.  I am on my third pair.  Love them.  Keep them away from the dog.  I did get a pair of the regular Cloud and I must say I prefer the II, had some sound issues with the regular Cloud.  They still work just not as well and it had nothing to do with the dog. If she chews through this pair of Cloud II I will pay the money to get yet another pair because when you get caught up in a game and realize youve been there for 12 hours you dont want your headset to be uncomfortable.
Comfortable on your ears.  Works with PS4 and my laptop. Comes with a plugin that goes in the mic and microphone jack switch is key.
The headset feels great and the sound is amazing!  However, there were a few problems that I noticed.  When using the USB connection instead of the audio jack, the Mic was very, very quiet.  This was a problem I experienced on both my PC and Mac.  But the sound quality is noticeably better with the USB.  Very rarely, I would also hear my audio pop.  This would be distracting and annoying but this has only happened 5 times in the 5 weeks I have had these.  This does have me worried that the headset will not last that long as no other headset I have owned has had that issue.  Only time will tell.  Beyond that, great headset.
Very good quality easy to use and Fitz very good
Got so my son can hear himself get rekt in fortnight with hi-def sound. Noise cancelling so good he now yells into the mic because he cant hear the volume of his voice. Now I need a pair so I dont hear him :)
Sounds way better than I expected, definitely worth the 100 dollars when I paid for it, feels high quality and durable too
This is the second pair of HyperX headphones weve bought and they are always worth it.
I bought this headset in 2015 it was the best headset you could buy then.  Four years later its still one of the best headsets you can buy.  I also own an Astro 38, Razer (dont recall the name I use it on my work laptop), Corsair Void wireless and a Playstation Gold wireless headset.  I use the hyperX on my Playstation 4 mainly these days and its far better than than the Playstation headset.  I also use it on my cellphone cause Im lazy and hate hold the phone to my face.  Its by far one of the longest lasting headsets Ive owned and it looks like its new still for the most part
There is so much to love about this headset.  It has detachable accessories and it feels very sturdy.  I wear glasses and I didnt feel any discomfort after hours of gaming, browsing, and working.  When I held it, it felt heavy, but when I wear it, I dont notice it. Noise canceling and "remote" to mute and adjust headset/mic volume is a huge plus. I love that I can remove or adjust the mic distance from my mouth.  Very satisfied with my purchase!
Amazing headphones, fit amazing and have NEVER had a problem in over 1 1/2 years or so. I bought a wireless pair from hyperX thinking they would fit the same because I liked it so much (they don’t but are wireless wich is honestly so much easier) if they make this exact model with ear cup size and all that in wireless I would buy them instantly no questions asked
You get more for what you payed for
My husband loved it.
Very comfortable, great sound!
The quality is great!!! For PC...for XBox it’s also great but there are some competitors that are possibly better. It is surround sound, but ONLY for PC. Be sure to know that! If you’re using it with Xbox, you’d better have a controller booster (comes with any turtle beach). If you don’t have a booster, any other controller is a waste. It simply will not hit potential, and you can’t even use the full surround sound with the USB because Xbox doesn’t support It.
Ever since I have gotten these they have held up, and still sound good as ever. I used to only buy turtle beach but when they broke I decided to listen to my friend, and I can say I am happy  that I did!
Awesome headphones! Game changer for fps! Very comfortable on long sessions. Mic works great for voice chat. Nothing negative to repot at this time.
These cans make everything sound brand-new. They are comfortable so you forget they are there. Music and games have extra life and punch! Highly recommended. Excellent value, too.
I really like these headphones especially for a Black Friday price of $70. Unless youre playing a game with virtual surround sound the built-in surround sound of these headphones doesnt do much except boost your audio, which isnt unexpected. Every part of the headphones is much more durable than my previous high dollar Beats. My only problem is the cushions are much shallower than they need to be; my ears are relatively flat but the surface of the speaker still touches my ear unless the headphones are positioned just right. Overall these are worth the price and I will look into replacing the cushions.
I got this headset to play league of legends and I am blown away with how great a value it is. It is super comfortable, with nice soft ear cushions, and a soft head band. It clamps down perfectly without any pain. The and the best part is the 7.1 surround sound usb dongle, it really sounds good. I enjoy the surround sound even more for watching movies than for gaming. over all this is a great headset with a ton of value for the price.
No complaints so far, sound is really good (not the best there is but for the price very respectable), and build quality seems robust and durable. Comfortable fit which is helpful during long gaming sessions.
Its a good headset, but dont buy it for the Surround Sound Feature, Compared to a Real 7.1 Headset which has multiple speakers in each ear piece. I have had two G35s which tend to break easily but have great (real) 7.1. Using the 7.1 feature on this headset can make things sound worse or muddled depending on what you are listening too (in rares cases it can be considered an "enhancement" depending on the movie you may be watching). You will probably have to adjust some of the features on windows or a 3rd party equalizer to get the sound you personally like. I got it while it was at 70$, I would suggest to never pay 100~ for a headset without real 7.1 so look out for deals and do your research before buying. I havent gone to great lengths to adjust the bass boost or anything but by default its kinda meak. Once you get a serious headset that has real 7.1 with multiple speakers its hard to go back to stereo...
Works great just got to untangle the cord time to time.
Ive seen many youtubers with these headphones and I wanted to try them out for myself. So far I love the feel of them and I use them for both xbox/pc . The fit is perfect as you can adjust the headband and feels very durable. I do realize that they are very heavy but I love that feeling. I recommend this product to anyone on a budget and you want some great quality headphones.
Bought it in Black Friday, honestly I’m impressed it exceeded my expectations with better comfort and sound than the razer kraken V2 in my opinion. Feels very sturdy too.
I am so sick of heavy head phones that are a bit too small. I dont care about the mike, dont really care for the 7.1.  I do like that it works with USB and 3.5.  I do wish the 3.5 side was longer. Its just light and comfortable to wear for a long time.  Wish the ear cups were velore or what ever, but honestly these dont bother me like some. I dont listen to music so I have no Idea if they sound good.  I also dont use the mic.  This is my second cloud, my first one is around here somewhere.  Maybe they last a long time I am not sure.
Great quality all around.
The material is the softest I’ve ever felt in a headset. You can wear this thing four hours !!! The sound is decent. I didn’t like the surround sound mode it takes away from the sound I think. I travel with these a lot and they are very durable. You’re definitely getting whay you’re paying for
Best headset Ive ever owned. Sound quality is fantastic using USB on my PC for gaming or 3.5mm on my phone for work calls.
It took me a while to figure it out for windows, but I was able to get it working without installing any drivers. I use this for work so pretty pleased so far.
They really feel solid but not too heavy good for several comfortable hours. Comes with optional set that is not as warm but I like the ones on it. The looks are great and sound is really good as well.
A absolutely great high end budget headset thats well worth the price. The sound quality is fantastic as well as the noise cancelling. The surround sound is also great, perfect for gaming, listening to music, or watching videos.
Super comfy, good mic, good audio
I have been using these with my Xbox one for about a month now. Sound quality is top notch, have even used them in my recording studio and they have a very nice layered natural sound. The bass is very present but not over done. The seperation and depth of sound is incredible at this price. The packaging makes you feel like you are an elite member of some fancy club. The build quality seems to be very durable and connections are solid. On top of all this good stuff they actually fit my huge head and massive ears really really well. Highly recommended.
Excellent
Best headset Ive owned and Ive had many over decades of gaming. Most closed headsets hurt my ears or make me a little sweaty, but Ive had no issues in comfort here. Sound and mic quality is great and honestly better than some of the more expensive headsets I also tried. Of 6 headsets I tried out this is the one I kept.
Great headswt super quiet to outside noise.
I love this headset. It breathes well, it cancels enough noise, it sounds great. I can’t review the mic because I have a dedicated mic so I haven’t used the one it came with it. The only small, minor, minuscule of a complaint I have is the depth of the ear pads. They’re a little shallow so if you have some big, dumbo looking ears.. they’ll prob get sore after 4-5 hours of gaming.
Good for gaming. They need to figure out how to fix the Mic gain issues if you use the USB hub. I had to download extra software to be able to make my mic work correctly. I am kind of disappointed that they dont have better sound for music. Amazing for gaming but I would spend more for better music quality. ie. Cloud alpha.
So this was purchased for my 12 year old game loving son. He swears by this set. Loves the comfortable leather earcups and likes the 7.1 surround sound feature on the sound card and finds the detachable adjustable mic a useful feature of good quality. The only thing he doesnt like is that the cable isnt detachable, meaning if you break it, you cant replace it. Me? As an aging audiophile I must say I have tried these on a couple of times and I am not too impressed: they are okay-plus for gaming purposes. But for music? You can find MUCH better sound quality for even less money from big names as Audio technica and AKG and many others. So - excellent for gamers, no so much for died in the wool music lovers.
Ive had many different headsets over the years from cheap knock offs to turtle beach.. and these are by far the best ones Ive ever owned. The sound is amazing! It comes with 2 different ear cup types, so you can pick the fabric or the leather.
Really like these, the 7.1 digital is not surround sound like speakers but it sounds really good in my opinion. Just to note these are the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn.
This is my second pair of this headset. The quality is great sound is great and the mic is great for what it is. The noise cancellation could use 100 times more work though. I can hear everything around me when I have them on. One con though which I dont know if it will happen on this set. But my old set the fake leather started chipping away after a year or so. I have owned krakens before these hyper x. I would never waste money on krakens again. These are 100 times better for 20 dollars more.
This is the most expensive headset I have owned so I cant compare it to higher quality headsets, but compared to the $20-$30 ones I have owned theyre fantastic. They are noise cancelling and extremely comfortable.
This headset is well-made and the quality can be felt. Very comfortable to wear. Sound-wise, it sounds awesome. The mic is sturdy and holds shape well. All-in-all, worth the price I paid for it.
Would recommend and buy it again. Zero problems, easy to use. 1. I use these for PC gaming only. 2. If you use for xbox they are great, but buy the adapter cant use the 7.1 with them although its not a huge deal. 3. Even good with PS4, but like xbox find an adapter.
Wife absolutely loves these headphones. Also very comfortable for people who wear glasses.
Best headphones and definitely a go to product if I ever need to get a new pair of headphones for gaming
This product is made out of a very strong metal and is padded by super soft material.  This headset has amazing surround sound and a very nice microphone. I would recommend this headset to all my friends and anyone else who is looking for a top of the line gaming headset for an amazing price.
Its great for the new Blackout game play in Black Ops 4.
Virtual surround sound is a bit of a gimmick, but the headphones perform great!
Grandkids gaming
Arrived fast! Made well. my Son loves them for his ps4 games
My son loves them
Bought it for when I got CallOFDuty but I also use it for RedDead and God OF War. Best Headset Ive ever owned, looks great and functions perfectly. I would buy again and I would gift it as-well if I felt like it. Really well made.
Good sound. Only main issue is that to use mic you have to plug it into the sound card. 3.5 mm doesn’t support both input and output. Headphone cables are average but usb sound card cable is longer, which could be a + or -  Good sound and build quality.
They are all round great.
came fast good build quality and convinent
I am usually really picky on my headsets and returned quite a few, so I usually just stuck with the razer kraken pro V1 & 2 but since I got this headset I dont think I will go back.
Great surround sound for gaming. Audio quality and comfort are good, but i have a big head so after an hour and a half they start hurting my ears
Its a good headset. The quality is nice , the packaging is superb , the microphone is great and noice cancellation works great. I give it 4 stars only because i wish it was a little bit louder , and if you are playing on ps4 or xbox , you can barely hear the difference when you turn on the 7.1 Surround sound . But it still sounds nice. I recommend this headset as your first choice if you are looking for a headset around this price range . I’ve had Astro A40’s and that would be my #1 choice if i was shopping for a high end headset, but this one will most definitely get the job done .
not much needed to say - just hit that order button.
Son muy buenos audífonos. Los compré para mi esposo y está contento con ellos. Escucha muy bien a los jugadores y ellos lo escuchan a él. Puedo estar sentada hablando al lado de él y sus amigos no me escuchan. Lo único que encuentro un poquito negativo, es que si quieres usarlos para grabar un podcast (por ejemplo) se escucharía todo al rededor, al menos es lo que me pasó a mi quien lo usa en su ausencia para hacer algunas grabaciones.
Great cheaper headset.  Only gripe is that surround sound only works on pc.  However, great noise cancelling, and high build quality.  Would recommend
I use these when Im gaming/listening to music while my roommate is sleeping - great headphones with decent mic and sound quality for gaming or just listening to something and pretty comfortable
i like the headset so much and the quality and condition is good
I love the HyperX Cloud II! The best, most comfortable, and durable headset on the market. I cant even count how many times I have tried other headsets and after 4-6 months they start falling apart. Not the HyperX Cloud II. The detachable microphone quality is average but overall I highly recommend this headset.
Issues with getting the mic working well with Win 10. Mine was to low for folks to hear me. Found a work around on Reddit.
Used the Hyper X Cloud II headset for right at 2 months now.  As a streamer I have to have a headset that is comfortable and has great sound. This headset fits the bill beautifully. The ear cups are nice and soft and do not cause my head to sweat. The 7.1 surround when plugged into the usb port for the pc is amazing! The highs are nice and crisp, the lows are very throaty and everything in between is excellent. I havent used the mic to test its quality as I have a Blue Yeti mic already set up for my pc.  Would gladly recommend this headset to anyone looking for a great sounding headset.
My son loves these and owns 2.
Love the product. Its all that it said it would be.
Amazon became my best shopping place. this headphone is great for gamer. comfortable for ears. clear sounds
Sound quality for mic has been really good as a gaming headset. I cant recommend it for professional level quality audio recording, but should be fine for a starting streamer if youre wanting to try that sort of thing. Coming from old X12 turtle beaches from years ago, these were a huge step up for me pinpointing direction of sounds in most games got so much easier for me. Only 2 small issues Ive had with this headset. I had to boost outbound volume on discord to around 150%, the mic is fairly crisp, but a little on the quiet side. When I got these, the pads around ears are a bit more insulated than I was accustomed to, and ears got uncomfortably warm first week or two during longer sessions with them on. These were pretty minor issues though, and I still recommend these if youre wanting to upgrade from an older headset.
I usually use this set for gaming and discord and the sound is unparelled. Good bass, very comfortable to wear for extended sessions. Excellent headset. Highly recommend.
I use these for both my PC and Xbox. Great noise cancellation to keep you in the game. Not over priced like most of the competitors. Overall just a great headset.
Amazing sound quality. Easily the best headset Ive ever used.
I bought these a few months back and they are the most durable pair of headphones Ive ever bought. They also provide great audio quality and are great for listening to music or playing video games.
Sounds great, feels great, seems solid, braided cable doesnt make a bunch of noise like Logitech ones do. I am worried about the microphone plug though.  That seems like it will be a weak point.  But there is warranty :) Im otherwise super happy with the purchase.
loved this headset, but the mic started to go out on me after about a years worth of use. Mic became unusable after a while. Audio was pristine though.
Its a great headset but when playing online with an Xbox one ur going to need to buy an adapter to control the volume just to talk to someone. So be prepared to pay for something that doesnt come with it. I bought 2 and the mocha stopped working on one. And for the price that was paid this shouldnt happen. After hours of playing the headphones will start hurting ur ears. I paid $99 for these and when I returned one of them I only got back $97
I have tried numerous levels of headsets from dirt cheap to the high quality. These are the best ones hands down without spending a couple grand. I read numerous reviews about headsets and these were in the top 3 every time. Once you try them you will quickly see why.
Yes, the soundcard dac does work on PS4. The mute, mic volume, virtual surround, and volume buttons work correctly as long as you update the firmware and drivers on the soundcard dac. Just go to support page on HyperX site and youll find the headphones and downloads for it, very easy. With that said, I prefer to not use the surround feature as I can hear footsteps much better (currently playing Apex Legends). The virtual surround is probably better for music or movies but for hearing footsteps I would not recommend it. With that said I think all the pros that people have mentioned are pretty much spot on. I only wish the mic was flip up style but that is just a personal preference. I have no complaints so far and the volume is more than plentiful for PS4. Dont forget that you can adjust the volume from both the usb soundcard as well as the PS settings. FYI, its an airplane attachment that comes with the headset, not a computer attachment. I also prefer the leather earcups as the velour ones seem to leak sound more.
best headset ive used in a while I prefer them over my astro a40 actully
Ive used this headset for a long time now and im still as satisfied now as i was then. I frequently remove and re-install the mic and it hasnt broken on me. Sound is awesome. The noise cancelling is even more awesome. Dont put these on if you dont want the shut out the outside world lol. Great Headset, i highly recommend it.
After half a year using it I can say its a very comfortable headset. Sound quality and noise cancelation are great.
Top of the line for a great price!
The virtual 7.1 is ridiculous. Its a night & day difference between these headphones with the 7.1 (on or off even) vs. some cheaper headsets. I wish I purchased these along time ago. BO4 scores instantly improved due to being able to hear exactly where other player were.
Very comfortable headset, solid sound for Gaming  I use mainly for FPS game and I can hear footsteps that my teammates cant with 200 dollar headsets.
wow these are nice opened up a world of sounds during gaming and the mic works great as my friends tell me and from i hear on my streamed videos.  dont know what to credit PC or headset but they where immediate recognized and worked straight away.  Like the soft ear covers over the fake leather.  but comes with both so you can choose
Yep
Great overall headset but I recommend the Alpha more because it has a detachable cable this one doesnt its hard to take this to everywhere you eant because of the cable I wish it was detachable as well.
Great product and I do not regret the purchase
i really liked that i can wear my glasses with these, however if you are soft spoken like i am your friends will probably need to still turn you up as loud as possible on then end.
What an upgrade this was from my old Turtle Beach Headphones. I had originally purchases the wireless Turtle Beach headphones for my Xbox one and the sound and material quality was horrible. The sound on the Turtle Beach headphones wouldnt get nearly as loud as these and they did a horrible job of blocking exterior sound in the first place. That headset was actually a few dollars more than the Hyper X! I had those less than a year before the left earphone broke off from the headset due to the cheap plastic build. The Hyper X Cloud 2 is made of leather and metal. The metal frame seems extremely durable and the leather is very light and comfortable. The leather ear grips also do a great job of filtering out external sound. There is nothing I could say to advocate for this headset enough. From the second they arrive you can tell the quality simply from the packaging. There is a reason the pros use this headset. Fantastic Product! I love them. Will never go back. Your search is over, buy these headphones!
Awesome quality! Exactly what I wanted. Highly recommend.
USB controls do not work on PS4 out of box, require PC to update firmware in order to use Volume and mic controls when connected to PS4. Would not buy for PS4 unless you have a PC as well to do the firmware update.
Fantastic headset. My son has had many different brands of (expensive!) headsets, and he likes these as much if not more than some of the top quality headsets! No need to spend a lot of  money on more expensive ones. For the money, they are a terrific buy!!
Good headset.
Sound is very good. Had to get used to a cable again but thats a minor thing given to the quality of these headphones
The headset has great sound quality but the issue I was disappointed with was that the 7.1 surround headset adapter that needs to be plugged in via usb does not work with my Xbox one s , so I’m not able to use the adapter to get the full extent of the 7.1 surround sound option , but even without being able to use the adapter the sound quality is very good , I was able to get the headset on sale for $69.99 which was a deal to go for . I don’t regret getting this headset because even without the 7.1 surround sound the headset is very good, I play PubG and Rainbow Six Siege mostly and I can hear footsteps and gunshots from a fair distance away. I hope my review helped !
I bought this in 2016, it is now towards the end of 2018 and these things are going strong. The only thing that has failed are the earcup (covers), the leather ones (that came on) wore out so I had to replace them with the cloth ones that came as extra in the box. I am about to email HYPER X to see if I can get replacement covers, well see how it goes. Definitely would recommend these headphones.
I have a rather large head and I have never had anything on my ears that has been comfortable for more than an hour (including ear buds). I took a chance with these. The fit is amazing, and Im extremely satisfied with it, and could easily wear these for 8+ hours. I am NOT an audiophile and coming from stereo LR speakers, the 7.1 system is nice. I have two gripes with this headset. First, the mic volume control does not have some built in software overlay to indicate where the volume is set. It MIGHT work with something like vent / teamspeak / etc but if youre gaming with an in built voice transmission, its very difficult to setup and then once its set, you dont typically change it. Valve (CS / DotA / etc), Epic (Fortnite), Blizzard (WoW), etc. Second, the size adjustment is a little slippery and moves with normal use (expands).
After having my last pair of headphones for almost 10 years I splurged and picked up a pair of these and wow are they comfortable.  Absolutely great sound (7.1) and if your system supports it, Dolby Atmos as well.  Very light, Ive had no problem wearing these for hours at a time. If youre looking for a great pair of headphones for long playing without getting a headache, this is the set to get.
Best gaming headset
Best headset I have ever bought the sound it great, they are comfortable and detachable mic is really nice, Id recommend to anybody who plays video games, an Im pretty sure Hyper X kills it with all there headsets. Definitely worth the money.
I previously owned a Hyper X Cloud I which I loved but that one randomly stopped working after a years use, Im hoping Hyper X Cloud II has fixed that problem (reviews say otherwise though. :L) But only time will tell. I absolutely LOVE how these headphones feel and how they sound. Uwa, it just feels like heaven.
For gaming headphones, these things seem to be the total package.  Highly recommend!
Purchasing these for my Son.  Ive gone through a few sets of xbox gaming headsets that failed, namely the Afterglow brand.  These seem so much better built
these headphones are pretty legit.  ive had them for about 1 year now. I ve taken care of these very very well but my mic piece is now shorting out or unplugs from time to time.
really good headphones recommend them
Great sound
I purchased these for my husband for hosting D&D through Discord. His previous headset was just not cutting it. He loves the sounds quality and they are so comfortable for wearing for longer periods of time. The group has all agreed his voice clarity is better as well. All around, no complaints!
This is such a comfortable headset, sounds quality and functionality met my expectations 100% for a $70-100 headset. But my favortie part is the comfort, feels light like a cloud on my head. Removable mic is nice.
nice product
Love the comfort of this product. Sound quality is awesome and the “surround sound” I love.
I play PUBG most nights and this head set does all I wanted it to!!!!!
Great headset the package come is very good condition and fast
These headphones plus the dolby atmos extension on xbox is orgasmic. Best headphones on the market.
Awesome product!!
bought these for my son,he says they work great, I know the sound cancelation works because he doesnt seem to hear me when I yell for him,or it could be selective hearing.
Noise cancellation son can’t hear me at all
I have had this headset for a couple of months now and I can say that it is very comfortable for long hours of gaming. I used to own razer kraken headphones and 2 hrs into gaming my ears would be irritated. However these HyperX headphones allow me to play longer with great sound quality. I would be playing with friends and with the old razer ones and had the mic would catch the background air noise and even the littlest of noises. However, these are great sometimes my friends ask if I’m there because my mic would be ON but not a single sound BUT my voice the mic would catch. 10/10
I play a lot of FPS games and these work great! Surround sound is a necessity. They’re also comfortable.
Honestly, don’t know why some people would rate these so poorly. I been using hyperX products since I was 16.(20 now) The quality & love that they put into their products show how much they care and put attention to detail. I honestly don’t know what some people are doing with their headset, where they post a picture of the headphone jack breaking. Don’t believe it, they were to rough with the port. These can’t not break, they are built like a tank and sound almost as good as audiophile grade headphones. Do yourself a favor and hit that add to cart button. You will love them. I doubt I will have to update my review, because that’s how confident I am with hyperX products, but I will update it IF they stop working.
the headset didnt come with the amp cord..
Nice and comfortable fit. Sound quality really good.
Durable headset, has lasted way longer than high end turtle beach headsets that I have owned. Sound quality is really good, mic works great as well.
Comfortable fit and the sound &mic quality was fantastic.
Ive had this headset for 18+ months, and its still in excellent condition. In the time Ive owned this headset, I had gone through three or four Logitech headsets because those had snapped in half or broke another way.  Music sounds great, and as a Counterstrike player, I can say that this headset is well worth what youre paying
Excellent quality headset, great sound quality, and a great mic that doesnt make you sound like youre talking through your phone.
I bought these for my nephew for maybe 50 dollars if that and when he tried them on he loved them. I havent really kept up to speed with whats the top headsets these days but I heard good reviews from this brand and from what I seen they are solid. It comes with a detatchable mic, some extra accessories, and good packaging. Looks great, really comfortable, mics clear, and sound is comparable to my 200$ seinheisers for PC gaming.
Yes
Comfortable and sounds really good. I do wish there was volume or mic control on the wire.
Very good quality hyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset
The sound quality this headset delivers is wonderful. Very comfortable even for people who wear glasses (hard to find in a headset). The mic is absolute trash. Had to download a booster program. Outside of the mic this is a grwat headset. 1 year and going strong.
Very comfortable to wear while gaming on xbox.  Sound is amazing. Great noise cancellation too.  Great buy .
best headset ever 10/10
The headphones on 7.1 surround sound are absolutely amazing and unrivaled. But, when listening to regular music the bass is a little on the weak end. Nonetheless, you can wear these headphones for 10 straight hours without discomfort, they’re very durable, and are my favorite headphones to wear. The usb cord (with 7.1 surround sound) is pretty long, but has to be connected to your PS4. Now the 3.5 mm jack is an option, but doesn’t include 7.1 surround sound. Still, the sound quality is amazing regardless. The microphone is also replaceable so you don’t have to have it plugged in all the time. Quality is very good.
I can use it with my Mac, PS4, XBOX One S, iPhone, etc. and it sounds great! Mic works fine, too!
This headset is great. Sound is good and you can hear where the enemies are coming from. Havent used the mic yet. I plug it in to the USB on the PS4 and the 7.1 surrounded sound works. The volume controls on the in line controller do not work with the PS4 which is a bit annoying but you are supposed to plug them into the PS4 controller and you wouldnt have volume controls anyway. Unboxing the headset is an experience and when you open the box you get a smell of leather and it is all packed with foam. The headset comes with a short attached aux cable that connects to the in line controller with a long cable that leads to a USB. The box contains both leather and feltish ear cups so you can change them if you dont like the leather ones. It also contains a padded drawstring headset bag and a detachable mic with wind buffer. The build of this headset is incredible with red aluminum ear cup attachments and and a stiched leather headband. I bought a pair of turtle beach 600s and am so glad I returned them for these. If you are in the market for a good headset under $100 definitely gave these a shot.
Most comfortable headphones I’ve ever owned.
My husband loves these headphones. You can take the microphone piece off if you dont want your friends to hear something and he cant hear a thing outside of his games when theyre on. Trust me, I would know.
Nada
Great headset perfect for gaming and the audio for mic and headset are great
The best for rainbow six siege
Dont even consider any other headphones for gaming. These have everything you need, including comfortable long sessions
Great quality, sound great, excellent value for the price.  They are very durable.
I really liked them, although I didn’t expect them too look so funny when there on. Not the most appealing size & shape When there On but if you’re somebody that isn’t live streaming you’re self or even care about that then these are for you! They sound pretty legit when Gaming no complaints on that. Although I really truely wished they would’ve added a Mute Function too the Mic like it’s competitors especially at it’s price point. Good materials, very comfortable, and would recommend!
Awesome! Works great and seems to be made pretty well for durability. Worth the money in my opinion.
It’s the best headset
Very comfortable, excellent sound, solidly built of high-quality materials.
No soy experto en auriculares de éste estilo gaming pero por el precio y lo que son, valen la pena excepto por el 7.1 y porque luego de un par de horas se vuelven incómodos al punto de quitarlos y usar sólo el micro pero eso no es recomendable porque son grandes e incómodos de llevarlos al cuello! mejor opción sería ir por los alpha o los core, excelente presentación. Excelente nivel de volúmen
Best headset Ive ever bought! Ive never spend more that like 40 bucks on a headset, but since my last broke, and with these being on sale for black Friday, I decided "why not?!" These are fantastic!! Out the box these are great. I normally dont mention the packaging, but the way these are packaged seems so high end; with cushion padding holding them firmly in place--unlike the cheap plastic most headsets come packaged in. Im probably gonna keep the box just to store the accessories. Sound quality is crisp and clean, and the mic is very decent for a gaming headset. The build feels very high quality with a woven cord and real leather on the band and ear pieces. The leather earpieces can be replaced with a pair of cotton ones included in the box. The mic is removable so you can even use these as normal headphones! It also includes a dongle to plug into your PC! Right now I use these for my PC, Xbox, and sometimes just to plug into my phone and listen to music! Very multifunctional!! The carrying bag is also much appreciated since I walk to and from work so now I can take these to listen to music and still shove them in my backpack without worrying about scratching them! I also got them in 2 days when I ordered them under free shipping! So that was amazing! 10/10 very happy with my purchase!!
Ive had this headset for over two years now. Recently after moving Ive been getting complaints from friends that it sounds like there is a "helicopter" in the background. I can hear it when I listen to the device in my control panel. I like this headset a lot. It works well with PS4 and PC, and has good sound quality even just plugged into my android phone (where the microphone also works). I figured that the headsets time had come to an end after 2 years of frequent use and I was getting ready to replace it (with the exact same product), but I decided to test it out on another computer before going through with my purchase. Turns out the headset is fine and it was actually an external issue with my wireless router creating interference. I have no need to purchase another, though I have been so impressed with this headset I was prepared to.
This is a great headset. I had concern following a return of the Hyper X Cloud that sells for around $50 as it was very poorly balanced (likely defective one off). Needless to say, this version of the headset is performing wonderfully. Most importantly, the natural EQ provided by running the USB input sounds very well balanced for this price point. The headset is extremely comfortable and uses materials that are higher quality than the lower end version. Although the Cloud I may have been defective, I can still say this model( Cloud II)  is completely worth spending the extra money.
Pretty great set of headphone for what I bought them for. $70 DEAL!!!
Very good. Had for over a year now and no complaints. Definitely recommend for the price.
Given as gift to son, he loves them and judging by how load he can get, they must cancel out noise well.
Meets my needs exactly. Clear audio and great microphone ideally positioned. Worth it.
Love: the body construction, removable mic with great fully flexing metallic cable shield, braided cable Good: volume adjustment passthrough Warning: I’d say I have average size ears, and even for me, the leather cup can feel a bit tight, constricting, and uncomfortable after a few hours
Perfect + the detachable mic is so amazing, love these headphones so much Ive had them for about 2 months now
So straight out of the box, I was very impressed by the quality feel of the headphones. They honestly feel like they cost more than the price that they are sold for. - Comfortable When first putting them on, it felt like every other headset that I’ve worn with the pre-installed ear pads.  The only noticeable difference was the comfort of it while wearing glasses.  So I wasn’t too impressed when I first tested out the feel of it. BUT, that all changed after I changed out the preinstalled ear pads with the foam ones that they provided, and it was an entirely different experience. During intense gameplay, I even forgot I was wearing a headset. It was so comfortable especially with glasses.
I enjoy its quality, it may be pricey, but its worth it.
Excelente
Theres been many points since Ive had these headphones that someone has walked into my room and called my name and I did not hear any of it. Noise cancelation is very good. The headphones also feel nice on the head because of their low weight and very nice foam to comfort around the ears. The non-extended aux cord makes it nice to quickly plug into my phone and replug into the usb extension. The detachable mic is nice as you can have one less thing in your face while gaming. Braided cable as always is another great addition as its very simple to undo knots. Overall a very good headphone,  will be looking at other HyperX headphones in the future if anything goes wrong with these
Good, lasted about a year so far.
Five star
Very nice sounding bass and with the surround sound turned on it makes everything sound so smooth! 10/10
I use these for gaming and watching videos (college homework) and I have to say that these headphones are very comfortable. The sound quality and noise cancellation capabilities are pretty stellar as well. Whats nice is that you can remove the mic if you want. Pop out--pop in. The cord to the computer is at least a 10-12 foot braided cord, and you are able to disconnect it from the 7.1 surround sound mini controller (about 1/2 down the total length of the cord) and plug it into a console controller. I also wear in-the-ear hearing aids bi-laterally and the headphones fit perfectly over my ears without causing feedback/whistling--my other headphones used to do this quite often. Good quality headphones at a reasonable price (I got mine as a discounted open box Amazon return). I got the black on black headset. Completely satisfied so far. .
Really good quality on these! The noise canceling is pretty solid, the comfort is unmatched in any pair I’ve had so far, and I have a fairly large cranium!
I ordered about 8 of these so far and my friends and I have an outstanding time playing with these headphones on. Im able to hear them in voice chat and the game perfectly fine, without the need for additional software.
My son loves it!!  Great quality for the price.
Very good headset for the price.
Awesome
Overall they are great so far. Purchased for PS4. Only problem was at first the 7.1 did not work for PS4 but after some internet research I found that I could go to the hyperx website and download software to make it completely compatible for the PS4 and now it works fine but as far as the 7.1 goes, I cant tell if its better or not, its definitely louder, need more time to test it out. I bought mine at Best buy for $99.99 + tax. Design is awesome and built very strong and should be very durable. Aluminum inside soft padding on The outside. Comfortable, make that very comfortable !! Sound quality is subjective, personally they are good for me but Im not sure about the 7.1.
"Theyre good, perfect, love em." Says my 13 year old son. The packaging was as deluxe as the headset! He got them for Christmas so theyre  well tried.
I did a lot of research before buying a headset for gaming. Once these arrived I immediately went to YouTube and began testing the frequency response. They have amazing marks. I couldnt be happier.
Best headset Ive Ever bought
I bought these headset from gamestop, I always recommend to friends, family, and customers! These headsets are too good, noise cancellation is too good. My sister and mom were screaming because my dog was having a seizure and I couldnt hear a single thing, they had to tap my shoulders to get my attention. My dog is fine now! The noise is great quality too!! I still recommend these headphones!!
Definitely upped my bar for gaming headset. Love everything about it. Super comfortable. Every option I could want. The 7.1 is really nice, but check it as it can turn off occasionally (not during play, but if unplugged default is off) is activated by the middle button on the controller usb extension (which is durable and awesomely long) very soft eat muffs plus extras and a travel bag. Has become my new gold standard for sub $100 gaming headphones.
Pretty decent headset, however if you buy for ps4 you should know that you cant use  the volume control from the headset.
Great headset for the price
Ive used wireless headsets in the past, got tired of battery dying. Was worried about surround sound in other qualities of a wire device, I was wrong this is a great headset and Ive recommended it to three of my friends already
After using and wearing out the completely abysmal and problematic Logitech G930 headset after about a year of use (it was gifted so no loss there), I was looking to replace it with something more comfortable and reliable to game and stream with. I settled for the HyperX Cloud IIs. As a self-proclaimed audiophile, such a vast difference in audio quality is tangible. I could hear and pinpoint footsteps and enemies locations accurately in games. I relistened to my favorite tracks for the first time, hearing distinct sounds and effects that were otherwise drowned in unintelligible background noise. The difference between a good headset and a poor one is palpable. Here are some further notable positives: The packaging and included accessories complimentary of HyperX quality. You have the choice of interchangeable fabric or cushion ear cuffs, a detachable mic and a neat drawstring bag to store it all in. Fits snugly and comfortably. I have a smaller head and can shake my head side to side and the headset will stay on. The headset will slip forward only if I unnaturally and violently shake my head in a forward and back motion (ie headbanging). The top cushion is comfortable and does not dig into the scalp after hours of simultaneous use. It is just as comfortable the first hour as it is the 8th. No signs of wear or thinning in the ear cuffs or headband as of yet. Through sweat and frequent use, I feel I wont have to worry about these parts or materials digging into me, wearing out, disintegrating or peeling off any time soon like the previous G930. There is no cheap plastic present at all on the Cloud IIs. Braided cable is my preferred for longevity and flexibility. It also tangles and snags far less. Great sound-proofing. When the headset is worn properly, even at the highest volume levels they remain modestly quiet to surrounding people. Also for those daring enough, like while playing horror games, you can achieve full volume--and maximum heart rate--without sacrificing audio quality. Fantastic bass and treble balance! The virtual 7.1 surround sound dongle is a welcome addition. You can adjust headphone and mic volume via easily-accessible buttons. While I recommend this 7.1 setting off and using standard stereo sound for MOST listening, toggling this setting on at the push of a button can make certain tracks or instances sound better, so its fun to play around with. It generally makes things more echo-y but brings certain sounds to the foreground to further simulate positional audio. However, it can make snares or hi-hats hiss too much. Generally I think it works more well for certain electronic or synth tracks. Notable mention: The headset cord by itself isnt very long. The cord is the perfect length for certain situations like listening to a phone/audio device in your pocket, playing on the switch or hooking up to your PS4 controller. Many users will likely keep the 7.1 volume dongle plugged into their computer at all times (via USB) and have the headset plugged into that directly which gives you instant volume control and infinitely more cord length as it is very long (I keep all excess cord tied neatly as it originally comes packaged). Its super convenient that you can turn your headset from PC into listening headphones outside in a snap. The mic for this headset is adjustable and offers good enough quality for gaming across platforms while remaining audible and intelligible. I use the HyperX Cloud IIs strictly as headphones as you should always use a standalone mic if youre striving for that studio quality in content creation or recordings. Still, for a beginning streamer or frequent casual/console gamer, the detachable mic is pretty good and will likely also exceed your expectations. If youre looking for a great sounding, all-purpose headphones and/or headset to give your games, movies and music new life--then look no further.
I owned 300$ Astros and these are right there with them in quality Seriously a good bang for your buck, don’t hesitate
Surprisingly good sound and comfort. You can enjoy 3-d sound without anyone else hearing it. Plug and play.
Great sound. Comfy!
Nice sound and comfortable to wear
Very good quality, great sound
Great set of headphones, work like a charm
Bought this for my husband and he loves it! The sound quality is amazing, microphone works great too. Very comfortable to wear as well, even with glasses on.
All I have to say is that all the pictures, reviews, and description dont do this headset justice. Youll have to buy it for yourself to experience how well engineered this headset truly is.
It is good
Very comfortable to wear even for longer periods of time. Worked out of the box on Windows 10. Docked one star for the difficulty of changing ear pads.
it is a good headset
The sound and clarity is amazing.  Both my son and I use this for our gaming and it really makes a difference.  Love the headset.
Good sound quality and build quality but the cable length is pretty damn short so make sure to buy an aux extender
This was a birthday gift for my boyfriend, overall he is very impressed with the set, the only thing he wishes it has is surround sound. But other than that he has only good things to say about them.
Ive owned around 30ish headsets for a 14year long gaming career, ranging in price from 10$ (they used to sell 10$ headsets at staples LOL) to 100$. This is simply the best all around one Ive ever owned. Im a female, I have trouble finding headsets that arnt to heavy or arnt to big. Ive NEVER had one before this one that fit my ears so perfectly, usually the cups are to big. I also have a metal bar through my ear (piercing) and the ear cups never irritate it. I would and have recommended this to many people, especially for the price.
the best under $100, i would buy again.
Affordable, might need tuning for quality mic sound
This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to gaming headsets, the build is great, the sound quality is great, the surround sound works decently. I would heavily recommend these.
Very good head set overall im happy.update is needed befor you can adjust sound on switch.
I got this roughly 2 years ago at this point, around 6 months later the headset I had (was in pink and white) had an issue where all I could hear was background noise. I called customer support and they went ahead and sent me out a replacement, albeit one in red and black. They said they didnt make the pink set anymore and Im not that girly anyway so I was all for a red and black one. This set looks very nice, the white one had a problem with looking dirty but this one always looks clean. Everything is durable about the set, the connectors from the band to the speakers are actually metal. Since that replacement (May of 2017) I have not had a single problem with this new set. The quality is amazing, theres even good amounts of base. Im no audiophile, but these feel good to listen to. Ive also disconnected the microphone and the USB adapter and used them as an actual headset for trips, they work just as good there. The mic works well, too. I play a lot of online games on PC and my friends have never had a complaint about my mic. For the most part it only ever picks up just my voice and no background noise. I can attest to the guy who didnt hear the stabbing upstairs because these have great noise-cancelling capabilities. All in all, I recommend them whenever a friend asks and I would buy them again if anything happened.
Love the headset but I plugged them in and it was crackling but I changed the USB port and it stopped. The are kind of thin sounding but it might just be my product. but overall great headset. Would recommend!
Just like the headline says. Great quality and comfort. This is my second pair and when I need a new headset in a few years I will probably buy another one.
The cord is short, but comes with an extension so you get the best of both worlds.  I love the shorter cord for Xbox okay and the longer one for PC play.  Plug and instant connect for Xbox One.  I have Dolby Atmos on Xbox One and the surround sound works great.  I can tell when thing are behind me or beside me during a game!  Definitely a high quality headset.  Id buy again and recommend.
After I bought mine, I bought two more as gifts. By far the most durable headset on the market. Great sound also.
Amazing headphones for the price. I got them used as well and i couldnt even tell that they were used. They are so much better than my old headphones.
Great headset for gaming and pretty durable. There is one design flaw that will become a problem a eventually for any headset owner. The cushions for the ears come off easily by normal use, its possible to put the cushions back in place like before - just slide em into the grooves but takes like 5 minutes to do so. Wish they added some kind of clip on ear cushions. I will be buying a new headset for quality comparison but will also be keeping this one as spare cuz theres no real damage. Hyper Cloud II has great audio quality, quality microphone and the audio control box is pretty cool and a must have. The control box will BOOST and extend any audio device volume levels that gets plugged into it such as speakers and not just headsets. A must have item - can be bought separately at the hyper cloud site for like between $35-$50.
get it
Good headset
I got tired of spending money on "Skype Approved" headsets just to be  one of those people on a conference call  that always has background noise. I tried a few gaming headsets but they needed a bunch of connections that I did not always have. These  work perfectly for me. I get request from other people that I talk to asking about them because my audio is so good. I have also used them for light gaming and listening to music and they work great there too.
Im a big fan of the Cloud II series headsets. This is my second one in 5 years, the first died due to poor maintenance and constant travel. I went for the grey instead of the red this time, although I prefer the color scheme of the grey, the red certainly has a lot of pop and style. The noise cancellation is top-tier, before buying this again I decided to try a cheap headset Amazon recommended. Noise cancellation was poor, you couldnt move the mic, and it didnt have a nice aux output like this. That is one of my favorite things about this headset, the headset itself is connected via aux to a sound adapter that plugs into your computer via USB. The great thing about this is that you can take this headset and use it elsewhere if you want to move away from your PC. I use it laying in bed on my phone, or in addition to my VR headset. All in all, sound quality, noise cancellation, and design are top tier. Ill probably buy these forever unless HyperX comes out with a better one.
My friend recommended that I purchase this headset, and Im glad he did. The quality of this headset is miles better than the cheap headsets I used to purchase on a regular basis. The headset is comfortable to wear for long periods of gaming, and the sound quality is great. I love the fact that the microphone is detachable and that the cord is braided as well.
Sounds great. Sturdy. Flexible. Gteat color. Wish it had replacable headset cord like cloud alphas. But it does have great control for levels
Best medium range headset for the price
I absolutely love this headset! Purchased in May, 2017, I have been using this headset for close-too two years now. With no problems with it what-so-ever other than a little tangling with the cord, but that is too be expected with any wired headset. If youre in the market for a all-purpose headset, whether it be for gaming or jamming to music, I would highly recommend this headset! There are three main reasons why I love this headset: build quality, sound quality, and the microphone. Even in todays newest headsets, this headset is still dominating in regards too quality. The build quality is outstanding. With almost two years of use, there is no noticeable issues with the build. The ear cushions are just as good as they were new. With the sound quality, its hard to find any gaming headset in this price range that even comes close to this headsets sound quality. However, the 7.1 surround sound isnt the best and I wouldnt recommend it for gaming purposes. Finally, the microphone. While the microphone isnt a Yeti quality microphone, it is good concerning its designed for gaming. The quality of the microphone is stunning and isnt limited to just gaming: its an all-purpose microphone. Skype, Discord, TeamSpeak, this microphone works great on all communication platforms!
These have been my favorite headphones thus far for gaming. This fit great and the cushions do not hut my big ears like most others. This product plugs into your controller, or into the console via USB. While I hear no difference when turning on the 7.1 surround sound button on the USB hookup, it really doesnt matter. Also these are durable! I have gotten angry, regrettably, and threw my head set down multiple times, and still they stand! Lastly, the packaging was superb- I would highly recommend this product.
Great gaming headphones. They are pretty good at noise cancellation, but you can hear people if you turn your music/audio off.
I live with my parents. Sometimes when it is time for dinner, I cant hear them because of the noise cancellation. Overall it is worth the 5 stars
Very good on Xbox One X so far.
I have owned the HyperX Cloud headset since before it had all these variants. I love it. The Cloud IIs seem a touch lighter, have a much nicer control box, and play very nice with Windows 10. The velour ear cups deserve special mention. They are real velour, let yourself go. Sound quality is fantastic, of course the fake 7.1 isnt great. The drivers, the comfort, and the quality is what sells these.
most comfortable headset ive ever worn.  sound quality is great and feels really well built.  but the microphone audio on the receiver end is poor.  its of a low volume even if you have your mic volume all the way up, and sounds a little tinny.  i have to use an audio program on top to raise up the volume enough so that others can hear me.
Absolutely the best headphone sound Ive ever experienced. No joke. On the other hand, the surround sound option is utterly garbage. Also, I had to purchase an extension audio cable, as you only get ~three feet of cable when youre not plugging it in via USB. Thats really irritating. Almost took off another star for that. Overall, an impressive audio experience hampered by sub-par cabling and unnecessary USB options.
Bought for my son. Very happy with it
These sound preffy darn good at their price point. If you are just gaming, they will be perfect. The drivers put out an amazing amout of sound. You can hear foot steps as well as hear which direction shots are coming from. If you are someone who really really cares about sound though, these are just OK. As for the microphone, it works way better than I thought an on-head headset microphone could work. So if you are just gaming, these are great! If you are an audiophile, these are just passable.
Great sound on my PS4 and very comfortable.
Awesome headphones, the noise canceling is phenomenal. The box that it comes with is nice looking with extra ear padding. Sound is crystal clear when gaming and with the surround sound, you can hear more clearer. Thanks hyper x, and to my wife who got them for me!
My son who’s 16 loves it. Would recommend!
Great sound, also mic voice is clear
Perfect
I love them they hella good
Theyre very comfortable and sound quality is very good the price. Its a plug and play experience. Would expect nothing less from HyperX.
I enjoy using these headphones but I cannot wear them for more than an hour before my head starts hurting.
Love this headset. For those who are audiophiles, this is simply a re-skinned version of the Takstar pro 80s with a built in mic. Build quality - I would build bridges from these things. The only quality issue with them are the stock pads. They are soft as a babys bottom but they do wear faster than I suspected I would suggest grabbing some Protein leather pads from Monoprice or from Brainwaves as they are much thicker and nicer pads. The clamp is like a firm handshake from your buddy you used to hang out with in high school but havent seen in 20 years since he started doing MDMA in high school and got transferred to the "bad kids" school so your parents told you not to hang around him anymore. So, they are solid and have great sound isolation. Sound Quality - Foundational bass, clear mids and a bit pronounced highs (not too much though). Great sound and easy to listen to no complaints here. Buy these cans!
Clear sounding. Now I can hear people coming up from behind. 
Great sound for games.  Sounds like a 5.1 system to my ears.
Perfect for my needs! The mic is clear, and friends say they have no problems hearing me. Living in the city with my setup near my window, I can keep it open without the mic picking up cars going by or sirens, which is great. Im no audiophile, but the sound is fine to me. Personally, I hate the ear pieces that come on it, but it comes with a fabric set that I find much, much better, and it isnt too tough to swap them out. Incredibly easy to use (just plug it in and its good to go), and the controls on the wire are great. Would definitely recommend, especially if you find it on sale!
My grandson loved these.
grandson says he loves these headphones.
I literally used these for ~3 years and they didnt deteriorate at all. I couldnt recommend these more! Sound quality was awesome and mic quality was great too!
Liked the whole set up of it detachable mic is nice
Works great.
This is the 2nd one I got because my first one wore out after a year or two, only the mic broke not the sound. This time it came in a fashionable box which was pretty cool and looked amazing, the headset is very comfortable but the extension core is useless. My first headset of the extension core broke the first 2 weeks so i just threw the cord out. If youre looking for a headset for gaming, I recommend this one.
Idk its goos
Ive used several Gaming headsets over my time of playing games and interacting with the online community and this is by far the best headset Ive used. The material and sound quality is Top of the line and people can hear me great. Could be used for voice overs most definitely, hopefully they last me a long time!
I have been using the HyperX Cloud II for a few months now and I had a blast. I had no discomfort or anything like that. The microphone can be detachable at anytime and it’s very useful for podcasts. Overall, this is the best gaming headset in the market so far!
Had mine for close to 2 years now, still works like the day I got it.
Whats to say? They sound excellent to me. So good in fact, that I can now appreciate synth music, because I can now hear tones and subtleties I couldnt before. Really long cord too. If youve got any kind of weird computer setup (as I do) this will work with it. In fact, if you have a cat that likes cords, Id highly suggest planning ahead, how youre going to manage all the extra cord. Mine loves to bite it whenever it moves. Strap the remainder to your desk or something.
All good
best ever
Let me start off by saying that I love these headphones. The packaging was really nice, everything was packed in really tight and nice looking. They feel really sturdy and are really comfortable. I used to use astro a40s and honestly I have found almost no difference in quality at all between the 2, except 1 is 100$ and the other is 250$. My only issue is I wish I could turn them up a little louder, but theyre still extremely efficient. I use them for gaming, fps games mostly & these allow me to soundwhore really nicely. I would reccomend these to any gamers. Noting use them on a ps4 if that matters to anyone.
Good quality, great price!
I’ve never gotten a really nice headset or expensive but this is litterly so good!! Very durable and strong i wear glasses and am very comfortable!!!sound quality better than my 150$ jbl headphones!!
I brought these for my youngest son. He said they were the best headset he ever owned. So I purchased another set for my oldest son. He said “Dad these work great “!
I really love this headset, this is actually my 3rd purchase of this headset my pets kept chewing through the cables. The build quality is great and feels solid in the hand and on the head. The sound is absolutely amazing, rich deep tones, sharp highs. After the first two of my headsets were chewed through I decided id try another one just to see how some of the other headsets in the same price range were. I tried the Steel Series Arctic 5, and immediately knew I made the wrong choice. The Cloud IIs just outperformed them in every way. Build quality & sound aside, the Cloud IIs still uses the 3.5mm headphone plug instead of some sort of proprietary connector. With the Steel Series there was a proprietary connector going into the headset, that then went to another larger proprietary connector that coupled into a 3.5mm headphone plug. I had constant issues playing Xbox with the Steel Series because of this, the mic would always be on and reverb everything rendering it very annoying for myself and other party members. That being said Ill be sticking to what I know works well & sound the best.
Wow. Great headphones.
Really comfortable headset I can wear for hours without discomfort. Noise cancelation is very good, but not perfect. Sound is a bit quieter than other headsets I have, but great quality and crisp.
First time purchase of this brand and Im already loving it, its a good size, not too bulky, and the mic is detachable which is a nice feature. its comfy on the ears but doesnt quite fit well around them as there is a small gap between my head and the bottom part of the pads, but i believe thats just because ive got a small head. :P All in all its a great product, good for gaming and music lovers on a budget, I highly recommend this product.
Use this for my PS4 and these sound great and are comfy even after hours of play.
great quality material, very comfortable, I would  recommend this headset :)
I’ve owned it for a while now not sure when I exactly bought this but it recently broke the headphones have a weird squeak in the right ear like someone creaking on wood it’s annoying and I continued to use it that way but then the cable for the adapter went sounded like a amp that couldn’t connect very loud for all of my friends.
Daughter loves these!
I bought this headset used for ps4 and pc gaming and I am in love. Firstly, I have large ears so finding a headset with comfortable cups big enough and with enough space so that my ears dont touch the drivers was difficult. The cloud 2 does just that, I can wear these bad boys for hours with no irritation to my head or ears. The build feels very good, the aluminum brackets for the cups allow movement and have a solid feel. I have gotten feedback that the detachable mic is crystal clear. Furthermore the noise accuracy is perfect for FPS games. Footsteps and gunshots can be pinpointed with ease. Even when I am playing an rpg that doesnt require accurate noise I will still opt to wear these because they are comfortable and the sound is so immersive. Switching between pc and console is as easy as plugging the built in 3.5 mm cable into the provided USB adapter. My only negatives about this product would be that the control panel can only be used on pc, so muting the mic, controlling headset/mic volume, ect all has to be done through the console menu. The max volume on console is also not as loud as I would like. If they had fixed those two issues I would have no problem giving this headset a 5 star rating. Overall I love my hyperx cloud 2 and would recommend it for pc and console gamers.
I have the original HyperX Cloud headset which still works! This one is really about the same as far as quality wise, comes a with 7.1 surround USB adapter, and works just as great as the other one. No complaints at all!
Best budget headset on the market. I have a $300 pair of sennheisers and astro A50s and these sound just as good. Bonus points for the interchangeable earmuffs. Leather or cloth. best of both worlds. The only reason I upgraded from this headset was to go wireless with the A50. It really amazes me that such a good headset is being sold for $100 or less. Leather earmuffs are better for noise cancellation, the cloth muffs are better for comfort and hearing your surroundings.
The only bad part is the dongle. Since it uses USB, I cant control the microphone amplification from the normal Windows sound options. The only way is using the buttons on the dongle and for some reason the microphone volume resets to being really low often.
Comfortable, great sound quality, and noise cancelation. The mic makes a cracking sound when moved out of the way.
best ived used
A great headset, sound quality is great, the microphone is pretty good, my only gripe is that the in-line sound card locks the mic adjustment in windows, but you can adjust it somewhat with the in-line sound card, it just doesn’t go as high as I would want it. BUT besides that I love the headset
Good sound for gaming and confortable!
I had a set of a50s that they were starting to cut in and out and I was looking for a replacement.  I tried these at a lan center I went to and I couldnt believe the sound and quality for the price.  They work great.
I had the HyperX Cloud core headset before and they were great but after getting this it steps all over them. The sound quality is absolutely amazing and theyre very comfortable too. I dont use the mic though because I have a blue yeti mic so I just plug the headphones into the mic. I dont use the extra cord either because of this but my friend does (our whole group of friends got this headset) and he has nothing but good things to say about this.
Just a really good headset even without a mix amp, and it’s definitely worth it! I’ve tried a few headsets, but this is the best one so far. If you play FPS games, you can hear footsteps and everything around you clearly. It’s just worth it overall.
Absolutely the best headphones for the price not even a debate. Its not an opinion its a fact.
Everything about this headset is amazing. Really worth the wait and money.
Crisp clear sound. Lacks bass. Doesn’t have any controls for using with ps4. Probably best used on a PC. Looks good. Feels solid.
I bought these on  June 14, 2015, I use them on average 15 to 20 hours a week, for PC gaming, Watching video, music and as a phone headset. They have held up wonderfully. The sound is great, granted I am not an audiophile, but sounds fine to me. I can hear everything fine, the mic works nicely and is easily detachable when not needed. The  Headphones look almost new, The ear cups have gotten softer and feel great on my ears. I have worn them for as long as four hours with no discomfort. The real only visible wear is to the cord. First to note the cord appears to be good quality. Very thick and sturdy feel to it and covered with a cloth mesh sheath. The cloth shows some slight fraying in places where it has chapped on the desk, etc. But still holding up great.  Everything is intact and works as it did day one. I really like these headphones. The cord when hooked up to the USB cord is almost 10 feet long. I guess there is always a chance of getting a lemon, but based on my experiences, unless you have a experts ear, I cant see any reason one would be disappointed with this headset.
Amazing! Lasting material. Built great. My son loves it
Ive been using the HyperX cloud headsets for years. The customer service on these are also fantastic.
I love it
La calidad de sonido usando la tarjeta USB es simplemente increíble, los audifonos son muy cómodos especialmente para largas sesiones de gaming, el micro removible es una curiosa aadidura y sin embargo es aprovechable para usar el headset fuera de la computadora/consola, al igual que las almohadillas intercambiables para las orejas (para evitar el calor o la sudoración y humedad), la calidad de grabación también es más que aceptable(no es perfecta y mucho menos son unos audifonos para hacer grabaciones profesionales) y sin embargo cumplen muy bien su función principal (gaming), definitivamente una muy buena inversión para armar un gameset de calidad top.
comfortable for hours of gaming. the cable is long enough for me to be a good distance from my computer and the sound is amazing
Amazing Headphone l.  Sound Quality is amazing.
Theyre great, dont have a mute button unless youre plugged into a USB, but still great.
Great headphones. Sound and material quality  are worth the price
Great Quality & Sound!
I had a hard time finding headsets that were loud enough for me or that had a long enough cord. This has both. Get this headset if others havent been loud enough for you.
No control to up the sound
These are working great for a 13 year old son !
Bought for my 11 yr old..he loves it
i like the headset and the 7.1 but the mic is so bad , my voice sounds like robot or very big noise in the chat ( PS4 , PC ) idk why
Very good value for the money is what Im being told. They have been so well liked that another family member wants a pair. They are much better than the old set of headphones, clearer sound with no feedback. They seem to be very durable, the last time I saw them they still looked good and the mic was still intact. They are wired but that hasnt been an issue at all.
High quality headset with a great mic for games or Skype or Discord or whatever you like to use. I was going to complain about mediocre sound quality when listening to music until I tried the included USB sound card instead of just plugging into the headphones jack on my gaming laptop. The USB sound card actually makes music sound better! Speaking on which, combined, I can go all the way across my bedroom due to the length of the cable. Convenient but a little annoying in a way.
Amazing quality, durable, mix quality on point
Bought these for my husband and son so they could play games on ps4 from different states. They both love them.
This a solid set of headphones, not cheap plastic junk for sure, well worth the money.
Gift for my kid for Christmas. He absolutely loves this headset! The sound quality is amazing and clear.
Overall I think a great headset for the price. My previous headset was a corsair that cost me $60. These are not quite as comfortable and the bass is not as deep, however the mic sounds much better, overall sound quality is better, and they seem very durable. Love the long cord too. Works great on PC and work very well for PS4 too. Surround sound works good on both and have had no trouble.
This is by far the best headset I have ever owned!!! The sound quality is outstanding and the headset is quite durable. Highly recommend. 10/10
Great
I have own these since prime day, so far they have met/passed my expectations. I use these pair with my Xbox. The durable material on these headphones feel/look great, they fit on my head comfortably (I have an average size head), additionally I can wear my glasses without there being any discomfort, the sound quality is superior, I definitely get the sound advantage with these when it comes to PVP, ear pads provide excellent noise cancellation/comfort(My S.O. has to tell me to shut up a few times), and overall just a great product. I have yet to have a problem with them. *Note that the 7.1 virtual surround sound doesnt work on Xbox(Unless you buy an adapter I do believe), not sure about PS4. But still sound fantastic. Would recommend.
The headphones are very comfortable. The usb remote dongle thingaling is very fragile plastic so be gentle.
This item is comfortable to wear and sounds great. With the changeable ear pads, you can can control whether or not you want to hear outside noises. Only issue is that the 3mm jack seems a little fragile, so be careful in that department.
Fantastic for gaming on Xbox despite what you may have heard from PC gamers.
I frickin love this thing! Ive no qualms with it so far and it is already infinitely better than my old Arctis 3.
Bought a cheaper Kraken before this one and had to return it because it sounded worse than my $20 in ear headphones. With the Cloud 2, its great for gaming and for listening to music. Great all rounder, got the Grey version and it looks sick.
Absolutely love these!! That simple!!
My grandson loves it
The only bad thing if I had to pick something Id the 7.1 surround sound. Ive only used it a few times because the standard 5.1 is so good. If you dont mind a cord, definitely worth getting.
I Feel quite happy with this headset. They feel rather comfortable, and there is something satisfying about the quality of the product and the sound. I only sometimes need to adjust it so it wont hurt my ears or anything in addition to it feeling like ear muffs. Anyway, I have no problem recommending these to anybody if they want a comfy pair.
This is my 16 year old sons personal rating on these head phones, who mainly plays fort night(blah). I think he gave the noise cancellation 4 stars because he can still hear me when I talk loud.(Ha). But he put alot of time and thought and research into this product, so I would highly recommend these for your sons or daughters that are into stupid fort night or other things that are chatting with friends back and forth. He is happy and I for which makes me very.
Good low-mid end gaming headset. For those who are on a budget who also want performance.
I love these. It would Make the perfect gift.
My son loves them. Very comfortable.
I have had a total of 2 of these headsets simply because I loved them so much. The surround sound is amazing for the low price and the noise cancellation is fantastic. I bought two simply because the first one got old. My first one I had for 3 years and never had a single problem. My only complaint is that they are a bit heavy on your head. Other than that I will continue to buy this headset until I find a better one. P.S. It comes with foam/mesh and leather ear cups and I strongly recommend the leather for the sound cancellation
Best gaming head set I have ever owned. I have not owned any $150+ headsets to be fair though.
I bought these because I started into gaming again and when I play online i needed a microphone. So I was recommended these and got these on sale. I really like these headphones. Theyre comfortable, the sound quality is great,  easy to use. Ive used them nearly every day and I just love them. They look really cool too!
Durable gaming headset, I recommend it!
He loves them.
I will say its not quite as comfortable as the SoundBlaster H7, but its still plenty comfortable. Ive worn it a lot with glasses, and its still comfortable. Better sound, virtual surround seems a little better too. Music is probably not up to audiophile standards, but its good for the other 99% of us. Works well in an Xbox One controller. No idea about PS. Works well in a cell phone. Not that Id run around with it, but I was curious. Also, very important long term...my H7 started having issues with the inline control thingy. Since it was permanently attached, the headset was just always going to be wonky. It would continue to get worse with time, and short of cutting and splicing, theres really nothing you can do about it. This one has an inline control, but its not permanently attached to the headset. Its on the second half of the cable that can be disconnected. So, when the control part goes back, and they all do, it can be replaced. Thats a much better option from the customers point of view than buying an entire headset again. So, SoundBlaster H7 good. For awhile. HyperX Cloud II better.
Have to say I was impressed with how great they sounded.  Noise cancellation was excellent.  Nice ability to be able to switch between 5.1 and 7.1.
Fits nice, great sound, beautiful build quality. A few years later and the leather hasnt started to degrade, Im not abusive to them, but Im not nice either, and they have held together nicely.  I recommend these to all my friends.
You will love everything about this headset, just as long as you dont care about sidetone. Its comfy, clamp is reasonable, and feels very sturdy. I can confirm personally that this headset does not support side tone. Its extremely hard to find this information on headsets for some reason, so I hope this helps someone.
This headset is by far one of the best I have seen on the "Gaming" market for sure! It offers very clear, audio-phile sound quality and the 7.1 surround functions exceptionally well! 10/10 would recommend.
great quality product for the price. read through the reviews before purchasing, wasnt disappointed.
The mic quality is okay but nothing to write home about, comfortable headphones, overall really good
Went to hyperx web site and downloaded the ps4 firmware using instructions exactly as written and it sounds great!!!!!  To me it sounds a lot better and clearer then the newer cloud alpha headset.
The sound quality is good, Im told my mic is very clear
Ive had these headphones for roughly 6 years. I got my first pair in 7th grade (middle school) and I loved them. After using them every day for years my sister stepped on them shattering one of the ear cups. I still used it for a little bit but I had to get a new pair because it was falling apart to much. I decided I would buy another pair and im still using them as a senior in highshool. The build quality is amazing, I tend to through them around alot after getting frustrated playing rust(if youre familiar with the game you would understand). The quality of the sound is great as well. The only problem I had with them is my mic attached started to not work and was very scratchy (maybe from my rough use). But all in all after having them for six plus years, I would HIGHLY recommend.
Would like it better if used on ps4 I could mute and change volume. But its great. And works great on my pc
Love this headset.  Super soft material that is very durable.  The only headset that doesn’t give me headaches from the head-band when wearing for long periods.  The surround sound also sounds excellent.
Good product, performed as advertised, would buy again.
I hope these last. If not ill post the issue, but they seem amazing and are super comfy. throw money at it!
Great sound and super comfortable
My dudes, I bought this pair for my gf to play Csgo with. She was using some 20 buck headphones from like target. Well I bought here these and there were still lots of times I could hear people in my Logitech g933s but she couldnt hear them. The reason is Logitech has awesome software to accompany their products. I recommend those over these. They are like the same price for the 933s right now. Plus Logitech gives you a 1 or 2 year warranty. Its a good gig. I give the logis a 4/5 because battery life isnt that good and they can be frustrating to keep connected in blurtooth. I recommend em over this pair tho! If you still buy this pair download an equalizer and watch a video on how to get the sound where you want it for Csgo footsteps
Comfortable and has great sound. Cord gets twisted up easily, in our experience.
Bought as a Christmas present, they loved it.
These are amazing and dont hurt your ears.  I had to swap out the default ear pads for the extra Velour ones.  They are much more comfortable.  You wont be disappointed.
ok
I use this with both my laptop and Xbox. Very comfortable with great sound!
I use this for hours at a time. It doesnt make my ears hurt or squeeze my head much like my other headsets did. I use the vinyl cups and they dont make my ears sweat or too hot. The mic disconnects so its not in the way but its flexible enough you can also just push it back. My only complaint is the non usb portion of the cable is rather short so if I, a somewhat tall individual, want to plug it into my phone or something it only barely reaches my pockets comfortably.
I was sick of my over priced turtle beach headsets breaking with their cheap plastic at the slightest fall off my desk. These are durable and affordable without skimping out on sound quality. I’ve gifted these and use them myself, I’ll prob never over pay for a headset again thanks to these. Definitely buy if you’re sick of throwing money away on overpriced headsets that will break way too easily, these are worth your money.Durable and comfortable af
great headset!! I origanally bought the turtle beach 600 bluetooth and they had good audio and mic but way tight and heavy as hell. So after a month I returned them. The next day I ordered Hyper X  Cloud II...the comfort of this headset is leeps and bounds above sound quality is very simillar which I am pleased with.
Great product! Had a little trouble connecting it to a computer but this headset is worth every penny!
I bought these to replace my dead Arctis 5s (SteelSeries) .  I see that the HyperX headset does appear to by made out of more durable materials.  The RGB lighting on the Arctis 5s was cool, but never particularly useful, so I really dont feel like I lost any features.  Finally, these have better volume than the Arctis headset and a MUCH improved microphone, too.  If you use your mic for speech recognition, I think youll be super pleased with the accuracy of these!
Great product
It’s  one of the best headphones I’ve ever bought. Would buy again 
Best headset Ive owned... EVEE!
Great quality. Got them on Christmas for 60. A deal you cant beat with a stick. Outstanding sound quality and superb material quality. Greattt
I bought as a gift for my son. He likes it a lot-his take “it is a good mix of audio between the game and the people I am playing with. Neither drowns the other out. I like it” yep, high praise from a monosyllabic gaming teen.
Works great, good price
Excellent!
I loved this product ! But I purchased this a few years ago but i think it had a defect  . It was great at first but it lost the sound on the right side of the headphones .
Nocomplaints at all.. once it got going.  Took a bit to set up the mic(output) volume.  My voice could not be heard by anyone at first.  I think I solved the problem by just increasing the mic volume by using the physical keypad, and then adjusting further audio options using the PC/xbox. The sound is fantastic. No complaints there. No hums or scratchy sounds. The headset itself is also very comfy.
Its amazing almost perfect
I was using an Onikuma previously for my PS4. It was ok, but I really started to notice with Red Dead Redemption 2, the sound quality was not up to par. I searched long and far, reading many reviews, watching videos, and asking people their experiences. I was caught between the Sony Platinum, HyperX Cloud 2, and a few others. I am really happy I went with this. Updating the firmware was easy and quick. The sound quality is amazing. I can hear things so clearly now its unreal. Aside from the amazing quality, they feel well made, and they fit comfortably. I will have to see how they fare after a full day of gaming, but wearing them for ~2 hours and they felt great. I have not tested the mic in games yet. The feedback in Windows 10 Recording Sounds seems worryingly low, but al output tests Ive ran had my voice coming through well enough. I will update my review if something changes, but as of yet, this is an amazing headset for the price.
Excelente artefacto
Its a great headset with great sound and comfort. My only problem is that my old one would make unbearable static for people I was in a call with.
Great set compared to what Ive used in the past. 2+ months of moderate to heavy use and no sign of material wear. I would like a built in feedback for the microphone, I cant use it for teleconference as Im afraid Im shouting into the mic, but great for gaming.
good for sure and especially for the price
Got the headset and as soon as I started using it could already feel how good the quality was! The sound is amazing and I recommend it for anyone who’s looking for a cheap quality headset.
They do an awesome job, best headset i ever owened.
A bit pricy but you get what you pay for. Ive tried a few different headphones and these are my favorite. Very happy with the purchase.
I have been using this for several months and it has been a great gaming headset. The mic works perfectly and people can clearly hear what Im saying. Furthermore, it is detachable, which is really nice when Im not using the mic. Because theres a USB connection, there isnt a buzzing noise that you get if you connect it directly via the mic and audio jacks. It also muffles sounds around you, so it can work as a normal headset as well. The only downside is that the headset is a little tight on my head, so it is hard to use for a longer period of time (unless you adjust to it). Overall, it was well worth the price. Great quality and easy to use/setup.
The most important things I was looking for were comfort, microphone quality, and sound quality. It is good and/or excellent in those aspects. The short cord and adapter combo has been a little frustrating when trying to use it as a general headphone set, but thats not what its designed for. It was priced on sale when I made the purchase, I may have gone with something else if it was full price. But for the quality it ended up being a good buy.
I have owned this product for over 2 years almost no issues, still sounds right even after all these years.
Great sound quality, great mic quality, stylish look, reasonable price. Only complaint is when I use this with my Xbox controllers with a direct line in to the controller (without a controller adapter) .there is no easy way to mute your mic. You either have to unplug the microphone or use the Xbox menu. The last hyperx headset I owned could be quickly muted by tilting the mic up. Other than that small complaint this is a great product for pc and console gaming.
Works great I bought because my boyfriend has them and I needed headphones for gaming and these work great. They come with so many accessories to really customize it.
Very short cord length, unless youre using the 7.1 USB connection. The sound quality is great. I use these with my on board sound card and Soundblaster software. I find these better than my 7.1 USB gaming headset. Very little issues with wearing these for hours on end. I do wear glasses and most of the time I still dont wear them with headsets on, no matter the brand or type of headset..Im just super sensitive to pressure on my temples. Anyway, I would recommend these because the price is far and it seems like a good quality product. Oh, also, the mic is just OK. I have better audio quality using my Webcam mic than I do with this headset mic.
After two years of good use the 3.5 mm jack broke and that’s the end of it
Excellent
I use this headset for gaming and have had these for around a few days. So far these have been amazing for gaming and listening to music for me since I had upgraded from my now broken Cloud Stingers (very good). I use these on a daily basis and there are a few pros and cons Pros -Build and durability is AMAZING its built like a nokia phone and feels very nice -Sound quality is nice on stereo mode -ability to change ear pads (i find myself using the alternative ear pads more) -VERY COMFORTABLE -usb dongle is useful -mic noise cancellation is very good. i have a 90$ mic for recording but find myself using the headphone mic more for gaming because you really cant hear anything other than my voice Cons -the advertised 7.1 surround sound is ok in games but i find it a bit weird with game sounds sounding distorted or of less quality. I wouldnt reccomend it but I still use it cuz why not -mic voice quality is a bit weird as a side by side comparison between my two mics reveal a bit of a difference -very frustrating and hard to change ear pads. I reccomend choosing one set of ear pads and sticking with them. Overall even though I did put a lot of cons, those were very minor things that i noticed, butit is still a very good product and i highly recommend this or the cloud alpha. this is my first review ever so some feedback will be appreciate
I dont normally like headsets since they tend to press against my glasses, but this headset is comfortable for long sessions. The sound quality is great...once I plugged it into my sound card. The USB connector that comes with it isnt the best (if you have a sound card, maybe yours has a USB input, mine didnt), but I just bought a 3.5 Jack extension cord and plugged it straight into my sound card. Problem solved. Cant use the volume control dongle as its with the USB connection, but its kinda meh anyway.
I love the comfort levels on these! Theyre very HIGH quality and produce great sound! Love the Mic. quality too, people can hear me loud, clear, and crisp. Theyre very comfortable for use for an extended period of time too, I can wear them all day and be fine.
It was plug and play.  When I play games with my friends they say the sound quality is better than the microphone that is installed on the computer.  Also it has a noise cancelling when you are talking so background noise is not heard
Well made. Sound quality is great only downside is that there is no talkback feature . So you cant hear yourself like most headsets. But I have learned to like it better this way. Great buy in my opinion.
I could honestly wear these for 8 hours and it wouldnt bother me in the slightest. Very comfortable on the ears, sound quality is fantastic. Youre not going to find a better headset for this price.
Used this for my Xbox one as well as PC. Great durabitlity feels like it will never break. My brother has had one for four years that he uses almost every day and it is still very close quality to the new one. Highly recommend especially for the price.
Nice
The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset are amazing.  They look good, feel great and the most important part, sound spectacular.  Ive asked my gaming friends how my voice sounds with the mic and they told me it sounds amazing.  I am a happy customer.  The only draw back to the hyperx is that it does a really good job of blocking out all the sounds from your surroundings, so its easy to miss phone calls or tick family members off when you dont respond to them when they are yelling to get your attention.  I can overlook that problem :)
)Im not sure if these are the exact ones I purchased, as I bought them in-store a while back, so it may be a slightly different product from the same company.) As great as these headphones are (and they are great) the wire on them is WAY too long. While its occasionally useful, this usefulness is VASTLY outweighed by how annoying it is when it gets tangled. And by golly, does it get tangled. It tangles with EVERYTHING. Other cords, my chair, my arms, my legs, my hair. These headphones may as well come with a warning label that says, "if you have long hair, make sure to tie it up first, and even then it may still tangle!" The quality of the headphones themselves are great. They fit my head nicely, theyre adjustable for when I get too confident(get it? big headed?), the sound quality is great, the cushioning is soft but not so soft its practically not there, and dang are they stylish. But I swear, one day everyone is going to wake up and see a news article about someone who was strangled in their sleep by these things. The cord is fine if you dont use the USB extension thing, I should point out. So if you never plan on plugging it into a  USB port, and you dont care about using the headphones volume control, and you only ever plan on using a headphone jack instead, then you should have no problems! But if you ever want to use a USB port with these headphones, then prepare to spend a long time untangling stuff.
CS:GO doesnt support 7.1 which makes sense since you are listening to a stereo headset.  It does, however, support 5.1 in game which Ive decided to leave off along with the virtual 7.1 included with the dongle on this headset. In CS:GO the 7.1 setting on the dongle makes it sound like in game sounds are coming from all sorts of crazy directions whether I am using stereo or 5.1 in the in-game settings.  I recommend turning the 7.1 off completely. In order to use this headset properly you will have to buy a mic/headphone splitter that the analog cord can plug into, bypassing the cheap little 7.1 dongle.  I havent done this yet, but its really the best way to go. The audio quality with 7.1 listening to 7.1 videos is great.
Amazing headset. I used Turtle Beach for years, but I wanted an improvement. These are superbly comfortable with the felt cups, and they sound like a sound systen in your ears. I use a sound system for everything, have for years. These are phenominal!
The sound it’s amazing and super Confortable
Ive had nothing but problems with this headset throughout the years. It finally stopped working today, but I would often experience random audio disconnections requiring me to unplug and plug in the headset again. There is also no custom HyperX software for it, making it very limited on uses. I did appreciate how it was a simple plug in go headset, but to have this many problems is ridiculous. Im not even sure I want to go to HyperX again for any other products after that. Good news: I am finally buying a new headset considering the Cloud II just stopped working all together today (the 7.1 Audio button wont even light up anymore, yet the headset is getting power).
Great product
These headphones are excellent, the sound quality is great but more importantly they are soooo comfortable. I used the "fluffy" ear cups rather than the leather and I forget I have them on. I beat these headphones up and they are still in amazing quality. And my game play is noticeably better when I have my headphones on. I only play Black Ops 4, Fortnite, Overwatch with my headphones, you are at such a disadvantage not using headphones that when you get a good pair it really makes your gaming shin. 10/10 would HIGHLY recommend.
I found out about this brand like 2 years ago and I have bought nothing but these headsets. Prime sound quality!
No complaints so far, high quality for the price
I dont like to make purchases in haste. I like to take my time, do my deep research, and make sure I get an item I wont be disappointed by. My headset that I used for about 2 years finally gave up on me and snapped above the left earmuff (idk what else to call it) and would not sit on my head comfortably anymore. That headset was very good especially for its price but thats for a different review. Anyways, so I play games on a daily basis. Not just for an hour or two, but from about 6pm til midnight on weekdays and from the time i wake up (roughly 9-10am) til I go to sleep on weekends (anywhere from 12am-4am). A broken and uncomfortable headset just wasnt something I could put up with while I diligently researched for new ones. Amazon is my go-to for most of everything just cause of prime shipping. So I did a brief search on here, only looked at headsets rated 4 stars or better. Read only a few reviews and decided, why the heck not. They arrived in a beautifully sleek box which was inside of a box which was inside of an amazon box. Part of what really made me buy this headset was the metal frame. My previous ones that had snapped, were a plastic framed set. I really didnt want to chance the same thing happening. I played a few long gaming sessions with them on to test how long before they hurt or give me a headache. Even after a 8hr+ session, my ears werent hurting, top of my head wasnt sore from weight of headphones and not even the usual pain I get from my headsets pushing my glasses into the sides of my head. Long story short: I bought the headset same day my old ones broke. Played with them for about a month or so now. Dropped them many times. Still in good condition. Sounds great. Dont feel heavy on my head or hurt my ears. Worth buying.
The best set of gaming headphones I have ever owned.
Wonderful headset, cant believe the quality for the price.
It appears to be made of quality materials. good sound
Bought these for my husbands gaming fetish and he said they are the best he has ever had.  Great sound and microphone.  Also will be using on our little toddler when we take him to a Monster Truck show because they are great at tuning outside sound out.
Good audio and microphone, seem to last longer the other gaming headsets. Drawback, missing in-line mute button, when using on xbox controller.
Love these headphones! After my last Xbox microphone broke, I decided to pay a little extra and get a nicer headset in hopes that it lasts longer. About a month in, and it looks like I’ve found my long term headset. The sound is fantastic and the ear cups are super comfortable.
I had been using my Brookstone earphones for a few years and with wear and tear - they are no longer functioning. So, me being pretty picky about headsets went to ask for some recommendations from friends. At least 3 of them mentioned this headset and let me tell you. They mentioned it for good reason. Its comfy, sound is great, noise cancelling is great. Mic is heard super clearly. Very happy with this purchase.
Bought these 3 years ago and still holds up like new.
Amazing hehehe i love videoxgames
The only issue I have had is with the microphone not picking up my voice right off the bat when using it with my XBOX One X. I will sometimes have to unplug it and plug it back in a few times to get it to connect properly. After connected it works like a dream!
Love everything about it. Only thing is it can become unplugged from the USB adapayer quite easily and you don’t have a clue. You only know when your buddy asks why haven’t you been talking for the last 10 minutes?
Really nice headphones it takes a lot of noise to get the attention from my fiancé lol
Great headset and my son loves it!
I bought this headset almost two years ago and I have just started have minor issues. The overall sound quality is fantastic and its incredibly comfortable. The only reason I gave it four stars is because when talking when friends I have heard that the mic quality is somewhat lower quality. But it has never been a big issue. Would recommend this product to anymore looking for a quality worth the money gaming headset.
Absolutely great phones, I’m glad I got the grey or silver color themed set since the red clouds are pretty common and I wanted to be different. Noise cancelation is the same as any clouds, you’ll be able to focus on the game or listen without being distracted from any noise going on around you. The 7.1 surround is excellent makes music and gaming awesome. I wanna say it adds a reverb effect which sounds great and makes sounds such as footsteps easily heard from the direction they’re coming from. Situational awareness is important for the games I like so 7.1 is what I wanted.I’m happy with the purchase great phones for a very respectable price
I bought refurbished and qorking great, albeit its only been 5months. I hope it stays durable.
I absolutely loved these headphones. However, I can only give it 4 stars. Ive owned two pairs of these (bought straight from Kingston) and both have had the same issue. Theyre comfortable, noice cancelling, outstanding quality, and for the most part have a very durable structure. Their downfall comes in the jack. Both pairs had a short by the jack after about a year. The mic just completely stopped working unless the cord was placed in a very specific manor. Ill be the first to admit that Im not the most gentle person with my headphones, but I think its odd that these headphones had the exact same issue at the exact same time. It leads me to believe that everything except for the jack is made of quality material, and that combined with Kingstons awesome 2 year warranty gets it 4 stars.
Nothing more to say, only thing is that sometimes the earcuffs inside get dirty over the time but none or less, good quality product
I got these when they were on sale for 69.99$ The sound quality is amazing and the noise cancellation is great. Only real problem I had was audio from the headset going to my mic because of the vents on the top, but after some fidgeting with windows mic levels I got it to work.
Ive had this one crappy headset for a while and I finally broke down an bought this set. It works great with my pc and consoles and theyre super  comfortable, compared to my old set they were uncomfortable an sweaty and didnt fit right this set is everything I needed all in one and I really like the mic being detachable.
This headset was amazing, i really loved it.  Pros: Great Sound Quality Great Mic quality (in the years ive had it for nobodys complained about my mic) Detachable Mic Durabilty for the headset is great Flexibility This pair last me a long time (about 3 yrs +) I can still use it now without loss of sound quality but there are things that make me wanna get a different headset Cons: The earcover (the leather one) that it came with was really comfortable but it began deterioating Switched to the cotton one and the sound quality change, it wasnt terrible but i didnt like how it sounded with these earcovers on, and I couldnt have it on at longer periods of time like the other earmuffs No audio control for consoles on headset (Main reason why im getting another headset) To sum it all up Id only but hyperx headsets if these things werent an issue and if the higher quality hyperx headset was compatible with both ps4 and xbox one as i have both
So I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box, expecting cheap-o cables and stickers, but what met me was a very well presented headset, accessories, extra ear pads, carrying case, all laid out in a nicely padded box. Now presentation doesnt mean anything if the product isnt good. Well Ill cut to the chase, its GOOD! The headset itself is comfortable, feels nice, and best of all it doesnt feel like placing your head in a bench vice. The sound quality is very good compared to other headsets Ive tried in the same price range. The detachable mic is a nice touch because it means that it can be used for things other than gaming, such as taking them out and listening to music on them via cell phone.  They even come with an adapter for use inside of an aircraft which means no having to buy cheapo airplane headphones. The surround sound is "eh", sounds great in gaming and movies, but its not so good for music . The USB sound card has a pretty long cable so its easy to route behind your desk and PC. Best of all the headset has its own cable that plugs into the sound card so you can unhook from your PC and use it with anything that supports a 3.5mm jack. My only gripe is the quality of the mic. I know, I know "its $100, dont set expectations too high". Well it cant be helped when I have friends with $30 headsets that sound like youre talking face to face through the mic, while this one sounds more like a higher quality phone call. The mic could have definitely been better, not going to sugar coat that. That being said, its still not a BAD mic, but it is below average considering headsets for 1/3 of the price have much better microphones. All this being said, I am only knocking a star off for the microphone. In every other aspect, this headset is an excellent product, and a much better option than some of its competitors at this price point. Would definitely recommend!
these headphones are really comfortable, Ive worn them for more than 6 hours straight and still felt comfortable. however, the sound quality leaves a little to be desired.
Great all around headphones, I play R6s, a game where sound is crucial, and I have yet to have a problem with these headphones. Only thing Ive noticed after having these for 3 months is that I forgot my old headset used to playback my voice in my ear as I said things and these dont do that. Doesnt bother me but maybe Id help someone who was wondering.
I bought my brother this headset for his birthday and he’s been loving it ever since! Anyone who buys it should be able to get their money’s worth!
The microphone sucks for PC
Awesome headset, just disappointed that I had to update it myself on my laptop.
Pretty awesome once you figure out how to set it up I was using the double prongs and they dont work for your computer although on my computer it looked right. My remote cord was at the bottom of the box and It took me three days to find it and get help from a friend of how to connect everything. So if youve never had headphones like this connecting it can be super confusing if your stupid lol  sound is amazing, mic seems pretty sensitive but works great. if my current one goes out Ill be saving money and buying this headset again.
Great product! I highly recommend, the sound is so crisp and you call tell these are made from quality materials.
Bought it for my little brother. No complaints. Actually I tried it on and it’s damn comfy. And he doesn’t have any complaints. I still use my old razer usb because the mic is much better but it always leaves me aching.
Can go all day without ear pain. Sounds great, excellent build quality, good mic. Will buy again.
Great product with no problems
I game for long periods of time and they are comfortable all day or night long. I researched them and they were rated as #2 overall. Sound quality is amazing and love the inline volume control. Voice clarity is excellent when using while gaming. Bought these to replace my broken Steel Series headset and havent regretted it. Will buy them again if needed in the future!
Very comfortable to wear and lightweight. Sound quality is good and the built in audio card and controls great features
Has surround sound on ps4 If you use the USB port. 7.1 Surround sound can be turned off and on. Muting is nice and easy, and doesn’t make a loud clicking noise in mic. Very comfortable. The mic being detachable has me be able to listed to music on my phone through 3.5mm jack. Mic sounds wonderful and surround sound makes a huge difference. Very durable and feels nicely sturdy. Overall great cheaper kind of headset, especially for console with the surround sound
This is truely a very nice headset. Pros: -Sound quality very good -Price (99.99) ! -Confortable -Pretty and it looks durable - Detachable microphone! Cons -Its not as fancy as others headsets -You cant use surround 7.1 with ps4 or xbox -It will get ugly pretty fast (1 year) -Microphone quality is OK 100% recommended at the price 99.99 or less!
So comfortable I could fall asleep wearing them.
Works well, decent length cord. Incredibly durable for the price!
I love this headset I’ve been using it everyday it has great sound pick up so it’s perfect for most popular shooters plus it has a good mic. Definitely recommend!
good
I dont even remember how long Ive had my headset, but at least a year, perhaps a year and a half, but it still has the same great audio quality it had out of the box, all of the stitching looks brand new, the only thing visually wrong with it is that theres a little bit of paint chipping on the cuff connectors, but when I say a little I mean like a pinpoint. I havent just used this headset for gaming, Ive also worked out with it, fallen asleep with it on, etc. It has still held up very well. So this is an amazing product. Definitely worth the money.
good stuff
My cheap $60 set broke so I ordered a set of these. Surprised at the quality and sturdy feeling overall. Very comfortable and they sound great. Not an audiophile but everything sounds good to me. And compared to my last set the 7.1 Surround mode actually sounds decent. Would recommend.
Very high quality headphones in every regard especially considering the price point. 10/10
Perfect pair of headset. It doesn’t hurt my ears even after hours of wearing them. Sound quality is fantastic.
Everything ok
All around good comfortable headset. I after long hours of gameplay is still remains comfortable in the sound quality is amazing.
Its great Would definitely recommend The mic isnt the best but its good enough
Okay
Minor thing, packaging seems to be different, and my bag doesnt have a side pocket. It can be a little quiet. Need to buy an adapter like https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058DOWH6/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER&psc=1 if you want to use without provided usb sound card or youre plugging into mic and audio ports (as opposed to the single port for both). Using the sound card alone, you have no control over the mic input volume. Must use the card to adjust volume. Mic is directional. Theres a little mic icon on the mic which tells you where the mic is pointing. It does good not picking up background noise and things like keyboard typing or even whatever Im playing out my speakers, but since its directional and must be pointing a certain way to my mouth and somewhat close...and I am a hard breather (nose) it is easy to breathe into it and thats no good.
The headphones feel great on your ear and noice cancel. The mic quality is good, but the thing on the mic (idk what its called) fell off mine. Wish there was a button on the headphones to mute and unmute. Another thing is the lack of bass. Overall good product.
I have a HyperX Cloud Alpha and this I think is better. The sound is just perfect. I can really pinpoint where my enemy is coming from by sound whoring. I also have a Logitech G533 and Steelseries Arctis 7, between these teo it comes close to the Steelseries Arctis 7. I’ll be going back and forth between these and my HyperX Cloud II.
great 7.1 surround sound! it does feel different when switching to 2.1 and 7.1
I dont usually take the time to write reviews but I had to for these. not only do I use these for work, gaming, but also for music as well. they provide such a great experience. one of the best pair of headphones Ive owned. dont let the price deceive you. they may be priced lower compared to other expensive models.... but they sound much better. get these!!
Great sound. Mic isnt the best but itll do. Comfortable as well. comes with two sets of ear cones..
Ive owned a few pairs of Turtle Beaches that cost more than this headset and they cant even come close to the sound quality of these! Who needs a noise canceling button when the memory foam pads muffle the sound just fine? Very solid choice for people not trying to overspend but have professional quality sound and mic
XxxTentacles
Most comfortable headset Ive ever owned. Does a great job at cancelling out background noise.
These are very comfortable and work well. I had another pair from Creative Labs that had better surround sound but they no longer make them.
As an Xbox one gamer I love the sound quality but I hate that I cant mute. The small "remote" is one for the PC connection. Otherwise its a great headset.
Best headphones I have ever had, I had a lot of headphones over the years but this ones are one of the best one I have ever had
I have no issues with this headset. They do a great job drowning out my screams of frustration at Rainbow6 Siege.
Ultimate audio gaming experience
The sound is crazy good, everything sounds alive. I compared the hyperx cloud 2 to turtle beach headphones and turtle beach sounds dull Im not going back to turtle beach.
Great headset for the money.
Overall, Im really impressed.  They sound great, appear and feel like theyre made well.  I like the braided cord as it doesnt stick to itself and get tangled like some of the other models Ive tried.  Also, coming with a second set of ear covers with a different material is nice.  The sound is great.  There are a couple minor criticisms I have, but nothing worth taking a star away for.
I upgraded to this headset from the Logitech 410 and I am very happy that I did. The headset feels lighter and sits very comfortably on the ears. The sound quality is just amazing. I use this headset for playing Rocket League mostly and I can hear so much more than what I could before. I can actually tell the where other cars are in relation to their direction and distance just based on the sound alone. Has it helped my game play? Somewhat yes. It didnt turn me into a Pro, but I can play more comfortably for a longer period of time with more enjoyment due to much better sound quality than Ive personally ever experienced. Ive also managed to avoid being demolished a hand full of times because I could hear people sneaking up behind me, where I wouldnt have been able to with previous headsets Ive owned.
Best headset for the money imo
This headset is so comfortable and the sound quality and build quality is amazing. Made pc gaming fun for me again and immersive.
These are the most comfortable, and noise canceling headphones, except for the microphone. The microphone has extremely low audio, but the sound is incredible. I would highly recommend if you own a mic!
Bought this for my boyfriend as a surprise present! Package was a little dirty but not damaged, and the headphones (+all the accessories) were in the package. Finally delivered it to my boyfriend (without opening the package myself) and turns out the wire that plugged into the device was broken internally and would not play sound unless it was held in the correct position. Everything else was all there and looked very very nice, I just wish it didnt have that issue :( because it was a very nice looking pair of headphones. ***Edit*** I went through the website and refunded this set to pay for a band new one from the website
Excellent quality. Solid construction. Just make sure you plug in your mic all the way on the initial use.
Top notch!! Love these !!
Im not an audiophile, and cant give any kind of "technical" review. I can just say I love em. I had a Logitech headset which was never loud enough, no matter what I did. When they broke, I bought these. Now, after my 89 yr old father moved in with me, I can finally listen to Foghat Slow Ride & AC/DC Thunderstruck as loud as they were meant to be, as well as my FPS games. Just my opinion, but I recommend them.
Bought for daughter. She’s loves the headphones, uses with XBox. No complaints after 1 month.
Such a great headset! Comes with a detachable mic which is perfect for the times where you do need a mic. Furthermore, the headset comes with extra earmuffs, a protective bag, and an USB soundcard for 7.1 surround sound and volume/mic control. Ultra noise-cancelling mic too, I cant hear anything outside of the headset at all.
Love them. Comfort level is great for long period use. The usb drive is awesome, give you all the controls you need and allows you to disconnect headphonea seperatly. Very useful for de tangling or if you want to use headphones on a device without usb. The microphone also detaches so you dont have to always have a mic near your face.
It was a Great Headphones not only for gaming but also for simple video chat. the other party can hear me clearly without hearing the loud background noise and the other stuffs. the only thing that is keeping me from giving 5 stars is that I wish the 3.5mm cable was detachable and a bit longer. the USB 7.1 surround was great. none the less it was great to have this as my computer headset.
Top-notch gaming headset for the value.
The headphones are very good for playing video games
Best Headphones Ive ever bought!
5 stars for comfort , 5 stars for presentation , 4 stars for sound not the beast but great for games and movies and the mic is clear. at the time I got them, I didnt know the cord was not removable one thing HyperX fixed with the Alphas. Made by Qpad for HyperX nearly Identical to the QPAD QH-90 but at half the price. Just say yes if on sale or pay a little more for the Alphas if you need a replaceable cord.
Best headset I have ever purchased.  I can game on this headset for hours without any discomfort.  The microphone is not the best, but I use a blue yeti so it was not necessary.  I love the fact that it can hook up to any 3.5mm jack.  I use it on my PC, xbox, and even my cell phone at times. After having a very bad experience with the Razer Megalodon, I am happy to ditch Razer and be a HyperX customer.
Bought in condition: "Used: Like New" I tried them out on my Xbox One they were great. Sound quality was way better then my previous Turtle Beaches. Ear cups fit over my ears perfectly and didnt affect me with my glasses at all. The only problem was that it was shipped without the detachable mic, so I couldnt test the quality of the mic.
I received these as a birthday gift 3 weeks ago and am very impressed. The are comfortable and do a very good job of blocking outside noise; probably the best you can get without active noise cancellation. The adjustable mic also sounds good and the noise/echo-cancellation is noticeably better than my Sony Gold headset. Although the headphones dont have a built-in sidetone feature, I just enabled via the Sound properties on my PC and it works just fine. Finally, Im really impressed with the virtual 7.1 adapter. So much so that I returned my Astro Mixamp because it had an annoying reverb effect to its Dolby Surround feature. The 7.1 on these headphones sounds spatially correct and discrete to me.
These are excellent headphones! 7.1 surround sound and super comfortable. Very durable as well. They are also resistant to static shocks. I am a very static-ey person in winter months and have discharged electricity into these many times by mistake. They have not suffered any Ill-effects from it.
Have been doing great with them. They are comfortable and sound cancelling for the most part, a great set of headphones.
excellent sound and fat delivery
Ive used the red colored ones for about 1.5 years until the ear padding started to fall apart, then I purchased the gun metal colored ones.  I love these headsets and wear them for many hours each day.  (5+ hours every day of the year)
Amazing headphones
Exceptional set of gaming headphones.  These things are metal so they don’t break easy.  The surround drivers sound very good and provide a realistic sounding environment.  The microphone is detachable so if you aren’t using it then its not in your way.
Great price and excellent for gaming!
my only complaint is the microphone is only on the left wish it was on the right works great
Very good item my kid love it thanks.
Sound quality is good. Removable mic as also a nice feature. Also pretty comfortable. Cancel out background sound pretty nicely. Build quality is high.
Grandson loves this product.
Fantastic quality, aesthetically pleasing, all around best headset I ever bought, if you are thinking about purchasing this, 100% recommend.
Long hours playing Dont Starve Together with friends and family made getting a proper headset essential, so we picked up these. Ive been using it over a year, & never worry about any pain after hours and hours of play, the earpieces are SO comfortable! It comes with a (faux?) leather & another cloth set in case you want to switch it up. The ability to easily adjust the microphone is great, and I like the fact that it plugs into the USB port. 7.1 surround sound seems a bit gimmicky but I can actually tell the difference! There are headsets out there much more expensive, but any improvements are probably incremental since I cant find much that could be improved.
USB Surround Sound does not work for XBOX One (stereo only).
I have 2 sets.  They are wonderful and sound great!  Comfy for long sessions! I only wish that the cable disconnected like the Mic boom does.
Super light and awesome headset. Use it for continious hours and doesnt tire me. Best headset Ive ever owned for gaming really does feel like a warm cloud on your ears when you have it on.
Great pair of headphones and amazing warranty and great sound quality
I bought this headset as a replacement for the HyperX Cloud I headset which was gifted to me a few years ago. That headset was a very good deal. This one is even better and fixes the problems which the first one had. If you just look at the pros and cons, you will see why you should buy this product. Pros: Excellent packaging. The box is very clean and sleek. High build quality. The metal frams is very durable and the weight of the headset is heavy enough to not feel cheap, but not too heavy as to be uncomfortable. Very comfortable. The leather pads which the headset comes with feel AMAZING. I can wear this for hours without feeling too sweaty around the ears and without any discomfort whatsoever. The mic is great for the price at which this headset is offered. It is also detachable. Adequate sound quality. USB sound card included! 7.1 works great. Cons: The bending mic feels a lttle cheap. The sound is a little bassy. Conclusion: If you are new to gaming and need a starter headset, this is your choice. It is the BEST value you will get for any mid-to-high cost headset. Buy this if you need a headset, and definitely pick it up if it is on sale.
Even better customer service. After 8 months one side failed and I asked for and received a RMA for a new set. Promptly received a brand new headset upon returning the defective one. Cant ask for a better warranty than that.
high quality item
Most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn!!! OMG. I love these. They sound good too.
I have two complaints about these headphones. One of them being that the headphones are a little too tight on the head, which I understand is a problem more on my end so I cant complain about that its just something that is unfortunate for me. The next is the mic volume, I plugged in the headphones and starting using them and everyone told me the mic was very quiet. Thinking all I had to do was turn up the mic volume on the controls, I tried that to no avail. Naturally after that went wrong I went to go increase the volume in the mic settings but it wouldnt go up. Thinking it was something I did wrong, I googled it and came to find out a lot of other people had this very similar issue and there was no fix to it. There was a few ways to work around that such as, 3rd party programs and things of that nature, but to have to go through that much just to turn up the mic volume seems a little much. Very unfortunate because I actually do enjoy the headphones because the noise cancelation is quite phenomenal and the quality is actually pretty good for being a $100 headset.
My previous headset was the Razer Man o War headset Overwatch Edition. If I was to compare the two, the Razer one was a bit more comfortable to have on to be honest as the cushions around the ear were way softer. The Cloud2 is still comfortable but just not as soft on the cushion. Sound quality is excellent, length of wire is quite long (useful imo), and the volume control button also has mic control and 7.1 option. The packaging is absolutely amazing.
great
amazing headset
upgraded from SteelSeries Siberia v3 to this one, totally worth it
Crystal clear audio. Zero complaints from me. I mean, I wish that it were cheaper, but thats pretty much everything.
Great quality, cuts out noise very well. The only problem Ive encountered with it is that I had to install 3rd party software to have full control of the microphone levels.
Works and sounds great.
To begin Im not an audiophile so Im not a headset expert. Anyways this is the 3rd gaming headset Ive ever used, previously Logitechs G230 & G430 models. I can immediately feel the differences in build quality, the microphone is so much clearer than before, and the sound upgrade is so jarring that when I tried it in CS:GO death-match I was more focused on the sounds I was hearing than my aim. My previous G430 headset broke at the arm holding the left headphone and also badly cracked where the headband and arms connected despite taking sufficient care of them. All of the different parts feel so premium, I have no fear of them snapping or cracking again. A few things I wanted to show appreciation for are: The microphones flexibility, or the sound card which isnt some cheap stick connected to a USB by a thin and flimsy wire, and lastly the 2 pairs of ear pads (neither pair has irritated my ears, which happens to me quite often as I wear glasses.) So if I had a friend that wanted to get into PC gaming and needed some peripherals I would absolutely recommend this headset or any other in the HyperX Cloud series (No accessories, same specs and some different features.)
The quality is AMAZING!
So I bought this for my ps4 and theres a reason this isnt 5 stars. Really weird and easily fixable reason. So upon unboxing this and plugging it into my ps4 controller the headphones emitted sound wonderfully. Then I tried plugging them in via the USB port. Again they sounded great. However, the volume control, mic volume control, mute and 7.1 surround did not work. I tested it on my PC and everything worked fine. I had to do some digging on the internet to find out the drivers for the sound card installed on the headphones was updated to a version incompatible with the ps4.  So essentially I had to downgrade the drivers on the headphones sound card by plugging the volume control clip into the USB port of my PC (along with a few other steps). After that I plugged them into the ps4 via usb port and they worked great. They sound FANTASTIC. I play all my games through these. The 7.1 surround sound is amazing. Battlefield 1 sounds incredible. 5 stars if the sound card worked out of the box for ps4.
Excellent product, very comfortable
Amazing headset much better than my $150 Astro a40s for way cheaper. They also come with different ear pads.
Great product love these headphones
Work great!
They are massively comfortable and easy to set up. I havent been more pleased by a headset in years! As someone who wears glasses every day, these are a godsend. They stay on my head without squeezing it and making my ears sore. 10/10 would buy again.
The build quality of this headset is much better than I expected. A nice smooth material is used (might scratch easily though). Its VERY comfortable on my head (my glasses dont get bothered by it either). The speakers fit over my ears perfectly and dont feel "tight" against my head but arent loose either. The braided cable is a plus (its also extremely long for those that need it). I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get a new headset.
the Headset is very strong will not break if dropped. The sound is really good. I have used theses for hours an they do not hurt my head. Only reason I give 4 starts is because of the mic. Need to almost put it in your mouth for people to hear you.
Cool 7.1 surround headset.  Lacks a little base otherwise it has very good surround sound. You will hear footsteps from the side or back.  Don’t need to worry about  changing or charging  batteries. You can play all day!
I like really really love this headbones :)
At first, it seems to be a really good headphone but its problems slowly appear. The noise cancelation is not good at all my computer tower sits 2 feet away from me, I can hear my corsair hydro series h100i v2 through the headphone while playing music, this is a bad especially when youre playing a game that requires you to tell another players location by sound. The mic, is very good, its comparable to some 100 dollars +  mics out there, it wont pick up background noise, breather etc. and its crystal clear, but it does create noise of its own sometimes. After a year of using my mic started to make a beep doop kind of noise and it is constant, making it impossible for other people that I m playing with to enjoy anything, that went away on its own after few months and after 2 years it started to make a scratching noise, when the wires move it makes a loud paper crumbling noise and then the mic just stopped working completely. Its a sold headphone most of my problem is with the mic, and noise cancelation so its a 4 star for me.
Best gaming headset can hear everything
Headset works great, surround sound is gorgeous, and is overall the best headset out there. Super fast shipping! Definitely worth the buy, and would buy again!
This headset is incredible. Crisp sound. Does not squeeze my head too tight. The padding is absolutely perfect. It feels like clouds on my ears. You do need to purchase an adapter piece if you want to use it with your Xbox one controller. I play Dead By Daylight and sound is absolutely crucial in playing the game. Every footstep, every leaf rustle or deep breath can mean life or death in that game. This headset picks up the sounds and delivers them to my ears with precise perfect quality. The cord is also extremely sturdy! 5 stars and “take all my money” two thumbs up!!
Top notch audio and surround for gaming.  Also use this for making calls for work on my soft phone.  Much happier with this over my old Logitech G930s.
These are AWESOME. I have to say that these are a very nice headset for gaming, or anything for that matter. They sound great, espically with the virtual 7.1 sound turned on. The mic works very well. My clan mates in Destiny 2 have said that my voice is much clearer with hardly any background noise. Before my old set would pick up the sound of my English Bulldog snoring in the background, where as these do not. I loved the packaging as they come inside a very nice box with soft foam that is cutout in the shape of the headset. High quality materials are used in the construction of them as well as they are not plastic but metal. They are comfortable to wear for long gaming sessions also.
Clear sound. Not much bass.
It was a great headset, but broke after 6 months. With that said, I wasnt expecting much from the warranty department here. So my son went out and bought a new one with his own money. About 4 months after owning them, the auxiliary plug shattered in front of my eyes. I was beyond frustrated. So I decided to call HyperX/Kingston about the issue. To my surprise, they had no problem with replacing the headset and seemed to be quite bummed it broke, which was sort of shocking to me. Anyways, if you do purchase these and they somehow fall apart or stop functioning like they should, do yourself a huge favor and call Kingston. Their warranty department is excellent and they will do everything they can to back their product. Dont do what I did and waste $200 on new headsets. The headset produces excellent quality sound, both in game and if using it for music/movies. The mic does a good job of canceling out background noise, unless your vacuuming or someone is yelling directly behind you. They beat turtle Beach by a long shot, especially with the customer service they provide.
Frankly the best most comfortable headphones I have ever worn.
Very pleased with this purchase. Audio quality is great on both ends when using the mic. An excellent solution for people who want a good headset, but dont want it to look ridiculous.
Have been using this regularly for about 8 months and it has worked great. My friends say the microphone is fine and the sound is great. Also it’s detachable so you don’t look like a complete doofus in public. Definitely worth the price. It’s a step up from the Game-Ones sadly, which I returned and bought these instead. I highly recommend this headset.
Great sound awesome mic ive been using this for couple months thank you amazon
Fan-Tastic!
The little sound card has no effect on ps4
Ive had these for a while now and heres the deal. Excellent headphones, very comfortable. Sound is great and Im very satisfied. 7.1 surround is not "real" surround, you need to be connected via USB for that to work. If you use the partial wire to connect to lets say a dual shock 4, then its no longer 7.1. Not a deal breaker for me since I use it on PC anyway. Just thought Id share. Highly recommended.
Very good headset for gaming BUT, the audio pin cover is made of rubber and can easily rip.
The most comfortable headset I have ever used.  Setup was simple and the sound quality is top-notch.
very good for the price, the microphone sounds like Im using a 500 dollar condenser microphone.
Holy crap, I didnt know what I was missing. The sound is more clear than I thought sound could be.
Great headset.  Great.sound Fitment at first hurt my ear with glasses. But, it comes with a pair of softer ear pad.
Sound amazing. Never had headphones that allowed u to hear from different directions. This is a game changer.
Love this headset
Great gaming headset.
So just got this as I recently started having issues with my Bluetooth headset not functioning as a headset anymore and needed to be able to communicate with people during games. Did some research into relatively budget headsets and this one kept coming up. A little more then I wanted to spend. So far its been worth it. Although they feel rather heavy in my hands, especially everything packed in the box has some heft to it that concerned me, once I put them on it didnt feel like anything. I have a larger head, didnt feel like it was squeezing me, and most importantly the cups fit well over my ears. Havent played many games with it but played around with some YouTube videos for testing out surround sound and such, and everything sound very full and realistic. Surround sound seems to work pretty good as well. Though Im not a big audio person. Very comfortable with the purchase, if anything changes hopefully Ill remember to come back and update this.
Metal connections from the headband to the earcup (rare in headsets). Great audio quality and mic is replaceable. 7.1 surround sounds good and works well. Unless youre an audiophile (audio snob) and you want primo everything, these will work great for your home gaming needs.
Excellent quality in sound. The only problem is the microphone, to low sound when you speak in the microphone. I used with Windows 10.
Phenomenal quality headset for under $100. Quality materials including partial metal construction, real memory foam headband, braided cabling, 2 pairs of ear cup one faux leather and one microfiber both with memory foam cores, detachable mic, included USB controller dongle with volume, mic volume, mic mute, 7.1 on/off button and soft carry bag for everything. Yeah.. all for under $100. Accessories are one thing but for literally all of them to be useful and of really high quality is another thing entirely in the best ways possible. All the accessories in the word dont mean a thing if the sound quality isnt there though.. And Kingston does not disappoint. This headset sounds stellar with its wide frequency range of 15Hz-25kHz. Deep defined bass, separated mids and crisp highs AND SUPER COMFORTABLE! The Mic,.OMG this Mic is outstanding! Its clear and detailed with capture quality rivaling my CAD U37 condenser mic. You usually have to spend big money for a headset with a mic with this kind of clarity. This make the microphone on my Corsair VOID PRO headset sound like a childs toy. Did I mention how comfortable this headset is with my gigantic head?? If your are shopping around for a new gaming headset within the $80-$100 there is nothing better.. period.
Excellent, well thought-out packaging. Nice build quality - these phones, to me, have the look and feel of much more expensive models. Overall sound seemed very good, with the low end slightly lacking. But I got these for 5.1 music, not gaming, and the 7.1 surround feature was disappointing. I was hoping to hear the instruments separated into discrete-sounding locations, which happened only haphazardly. The sound field WAS noticeably widened, but not to the extent that I would label these "surround."
almost 2 years later and 0 problems
Insanely comfortable, great sound quality
If your looking for a great gaming headset with directional hearing thus is it, I play a game called Rainbow Six Seige witch calls for a good range of hearing although I lack thus badass headset picks up more than I thought. As constructive criticism I ask that later models come with I mute and volume system for console players  (me) and I was a little dissapointed that if the fact. Overall, good job hyperx..
Not much bass, but everything is super clear. Headset is super comfortable, don’t even bother using the cloth ear muffs the leather is way nice.
Very Comfortable headset, and I love the sound on it very crisp and clear. And the mic quality is not the best, but pretty good.
I always thought my 40$ headphones were good enough and that I didnt care about getting better ones.  When I finally had to upgrade, the difference was stunning.  Im no audiophile, but these headphones have great sound - differentiating sound sources incredibly well.  Not to mention theyre really comfortable, even after hours of continuous wear.
I have extreme rage when i play competitive games. My astro A40s broke within three months. My razor man of wars broke within 4. This headset i have thrown harder and more often then either of those and not one piece of this headset has broken off. The sound quality also holds up very well. Not quit as good as my A40s but extremely close and definitely worth the price
By far one of the best headsets you can buy for gaming at this price point. The features and attention to detail are impeccable. Starting at the top, the headband is very luxurious feeling with ample cushioning and nice stitching along the edges, and the metal construction makes durable where I have had other headsets crack. The speakers themselves are decent quality, but a good even mix of frequencies where audio comes through clear and not too tinny or muddy. The microphone is detachable which is a nice touch since these headphones doubles for many uses such as when Im playing guitar through a practice amp. The cable is braided which adds to durability and keeps them from becoming a tangled mess so easily. For gaming, the in-line detachable sound card offers virtual 5.1 surround and works flawlessly with both my PlayStation 4 and gaming computer. In addition to all of this, they include interchangeable ear cushions if you prefer a soft linen texture over the smoother leather-like ones. Also included is carrying case, an adapter for the old airplane headphone inputs that require two jacks, and a plastic piece to cover the microphone jack when its not being used. Even the packaging it all comes in is an amazing hardshell case with foam inserts and an endearing message on the inside of the cover. If you are looking for a gaming headset that doesnt need to be re-charged and dont want to shell out $300+ for a "Premium" quality gaming headset, you cant find anything better than this.
3 years and 2 months going strong
My daughter absolutely loves these! She had chosen a cheaper pair before I bought these as a birthday present but didnt tell me (I ended up buying the other pair just to give my other daughter; not a present, because I couldnt afford these again). Shes extremely happy with them. Her ears never hurt & shes never had a problem with them. If you can spend the money get them.
Great Headphones, extremely good quality for everyday gaming and music making.
Killer audio quality for Doom and the like, and brilliant microphone clarity for Skype and professional needs.  This is a headset that does both business and pleasure equally well.  NO interference / hiss / buzz at all on this thanks to the USB vs. 3.5mm.  That was a BIG requirement for me.  And it delivers.
An excellent headset with few but significant flaws. Its memory foam padding allows it to practically float on your head for hours at a time. Sound quality is top notch, with a mostly flat studio-like tuning. Mic quality is decent overall which is good for a headset. Its not perfect however. Build quality is generally excellent but whatever mechanism holds the adjustment bands in place doesnt hold up over time, leading to the top band loosening and the cups not forming a proper seal. Cable longevity is the headsets other major flaw, with my mic ceasing to function properly after about 2 years and the right cup finally losing connection just last week. If this headset had a removable, replaceable cable I would probably have given it 5 stars and bought it again in the future.
Great product
This is my second HyperX headset. I bought this red one for my husband, I have the same one in the stainless color. Im not sure how either of us survived gaming without these.
Sound great with most games designed for multi-channel audio.
Good sound quality
got it for a birthday present and they loved it
Great comfort, Amazing sound. Ive had these for almost a year and still holding strong. Chord has taken a few roll from the chair and still no issues. If youre looking for an affordable quality set of headphones these are the ones!
Detailed, fun sound, recommend a sound card.  (Comparing to Cloud 1 & OPPO pm-3 (ik...). Hooked up to a good DAC or sound card these cans are easily passable, they have a fun sound with decent bass and highs.  For $100 you cant go wrong, I got these for my girlfriend (on my head atm), and you just cant touch the comfort of these.  And for a gamer whats more important than comfort?  I love my Oppo Pm-3s ($400) but for 1/4 for the price Im honestly a little bit jealous, sure mine sound more detailed, and the frequency response is closer to the artists intention... but... WOW are these comfortable. The Pm-3s make my ears sore after several hours.  If I were to go back in time Id probably just get these. Now calm down all you audiophiles, these do NOT sound as good as PM-3s, but they are about 3x as comfortable, so for someone who wears their cans a lot....
Amazing deliver time couldn’t be any happier
Got this for my husband for Christmas, and hes very happy with it. He says its much more comfortable and with better sound quality than what he had previously (which was nearly the same price!)
like them a lot!!
One of the best spending I have done.
Never dropped these and mic cut out after a month of having them, I use the AT2020 USB anyways for my mic so its all good.
I wish I could give more stars because oh my goodness I absolutely love this headset HyperX is an absolutely amazing brand and all of their products are made to the highest quality and their customer service is fantastic. I can’t explain how comfortable this headset it and the mic is even better than I expected and had amazing noise cancellation. I cannot recommend this product or HyperX enough.
Would like the headset to be able to dampen outside noise more otherwise these are great gaming headphones
BUILD TO LAST> This headset is amazing and is build to last. I have had this headset for almost a 2 years and this it is still like its brand new. The fabric does not rip at all and the foam does not get smooshed down over time. The audio from the headset sounds great with its 7.1 surround sound and is also very sound proof. The microphone is decent but not good enough if you are someone who does a lot of recording but otherwise its super clear for talking with friends. The cable is higher quality and is NOT easy to rip out the the headset which is nice. The biggest thing about this headset is that it DOESN"T HURT YOU HEAD :D. I have had other sets in the past that literally make your head hurt like crazy. You can wear this headset for hours and it still feels great. Highly recommend.
day 1  just got the headphone and they so far feel good they clamp on well and sound ok the packaging was interesting and something i was not exspting and dosnt feel cheap in construe 2 weeks They sound grate the have has just enuff kick to make exploshens scary and 7.1 got me called a hacker the only complane i have is the wire likes to tangle it self with only take a few seconds to fix but it happens all the time
Ive been using these for about 3 weeks now, and I love them. I replaced the leatherette earpiece covers with the (supplied) plush covers, and they are incredibly comfortable. The sound quality of the headphones is excellent. I use these daily for phone calls as well, and the people I talk to report that my voice is clear, no distortion. The reasons for 4 stars and not 5: * Setting these up in Windows 8 was somewhat difficult. I wound up having to run a hardware "trouble" gadget, which finally got them working. * As others have noted, the connection between the microphone and earpiece seems a bit weak. Well see how well it holds up.
Very comfy to wear!
Possibly the best pair of headphones Ive ever owned.  The depth of these headphones is unbelievable.  The low end is very well supported which is uncommon in most headphones and they really capture atmospheric noise in video games and other media, would definitely buy again.
High quality, best headset I have ever had!!! Thank you!!!
I got this headset for my friends twitch stream! the sound and mic quality is awesome. very comfy as well. the only complaint is i wish the wire was a little longer so that when i get up i dont have to take off the headset! 10/10
I have three of these headsets, one for my wife, one for my home computer, and one for my work computer. I would highly recommend these headphones to anyone.
I play video games...dont judge me....... Good sound, mic works well..... Sadly, no filter for obnoxious 14 year olds......  Used it for "Alien: Isolation" and the surround sound will scare the **** out of you..... big thumbs up!
This is pretty solid headset.  Ive been using it for PUBG and the sound is pretty nice.  I have nothing to compare it to other than a pair of Bose QC 25s but those werent made for gaming.
This gaming headset is probably the best pair of headphones Ive ever heard.  The sound is extremely crisp w/ a good amount of base and with the addition of surround sound it widens the soundstage a bit more--not open-back headphones wide, but wider than most closed-back headphones Ive used.  The removeable mic is great when I just want to listen to music and great to use with my Xbox One and PC when I want to talk to teammates.  The only features I wish theses headphones had are a foldable design and swiveling earcups so that they are more comfortable when around the neck.
Pros: Extremely comfortable, reliable, attractive, great build quality, cross platform support, great sound, 7.1 feature, detachable microphone Cons: Microphone output is quiet but at the same time very sensitive, volume dongle is plastic and can be damaged pretty easily, cord can become annoying and coiled up, no software for PC Review: The most comfortable headphones ive ever owned. Can wear these for hours without discomfort! Very sturdy metal frame that adds to the sleek and simplistic style. Cord is a perfect length and very strong but occasionally can be coiled up. Headset works great with my Xbox One and PC. Sound is excellent but slightly deficient in bass. With music or movies, you have to have the headphones pretty loud to notice any bass. The 7.1 feature is alright and mostly seems like a sound level boost. I have never heard any crackling or uneven fading between the headphones.  The microphone on the headset is probably the worst aspect because its pretty quiet on output, but at the same time pretty sensitive. Took me a long time to adjust the voice activation on Discord to not catch my breathing. In Discord and games people have told me I sound really quiet. The clip on the volume dongle broke along time ago so now I just have the cord sit on my lap which can be annoying. After two years the dongle is starting to split open and i notice this happen mostly when trying to plug the headphones in to it (this hasnt impaired anything). I do wish there was software for the headset. This is the longest and most reliable headset I have owned. Aside from the cons, I still recommend this headset to anyone to this day.
My son loves these for his sysyem
7.1 is amazing and the microphone is quality for being attached to the headset. Cord to connect to an Xbox controller is the perfect length and the USB adapter for the PC is awesome.
For the money, theres no better headset!
So I just recently bought these headsets after going through several other headsets that ranged from 80-150 bucks and I gotta say these are probably the best so far. They have great sound and are pretty sturdy feeling. I will say you do have to go to hyperx.com or something like that to download and firmware update file that allows yours to plug the headset in via the USB. Otherwise if you dont do this update, the sound will be very weak and you wont be able to use your mic. Hope this helps.
bought multiple of these, fantastic pair of headsets. Great mic (also removeable), great sound quality, and durable. lasts years without a single issue so far.
Got this for my fiance and she loved them.
better than logitech g 430
I got these for my boyfriend’s bday. I am not familiar with headsets, but I chose this one bc of all the good reviews, features, and warranty plan. My boyfriend loved them! His friends complimented him that he sounds way better when they play Fortnite. And my boyfriend got a solo win with them the first time he tried them. In person they have a luxurious feel to them. The stitching is an awesome touch. And my boyfriend just absolutely loves them. Great buy and the price is not bad at all!
Super comfortable headset. I use them with the USB dongle on my PC or PS4, plug them directly into the DualShock controller.... Great Sound either way !!! I wish there was a way that they piped your voice back into the speakers, I always feel like Im talking in a cave.
The headphones are awesome, but as many have complained, the microphone is ridiculously quiet and its hard for anyone to hear me.
First off, ill say that this headset has good sound quality, noise cancellation and must say that I enjoyed the short 2 years that I spent with it. However I caution you buyers who have taken the time to skim this review. The test of time doesnt bode well for this headset as the padding around the ears and head noticeably flake away and the flexible mic cable uncoils like a distended slinky after a good 2 years of use.
Ive only logged about 4-5 hours of gameplay so far on these, just got them about a day ago. Sound Profile is good, definitely an upgrade for me over my aged Sony MDR-XB500s, the in line amp with 7.1 surround is great and overall makes gaming with these really fun. Sounds are rich and the 7.1 surround sound helps me identify things in game. So far have only played Fortnite with these but with the 7.1 engaged it is a lot easier to hear the direction, distance and vertical angle people are coming at me from. Its a little weird at first playing with surround sound, but its worth getting used to. The bass is rich given that the headset has a 50+ mm driver, but the EQ has the mids pushed forward a little bit. I listen to predominantly EDM music and have recently been on a deep house binge, and I could tell that the mids are a little more emphasized on these than on my previous headsets. On the flip side this helps for in-game. The headset is closed back, and once I put them on sounds from around me become muffled, not as much as like a Beyerdynamic DT 770, but still blocks out sound nicely. I have not used the microphone yet because I have a studio microphone, but Ive heard that it does sound like every other headset microphone, a little nasal-y... Still sounds good tho, nothing annoying or anything like that. The build quality is great, they feel great, I prefer to use the faux-leather ear cups over the cloth/foam ones. Not to heavy, the top band of the headset provides nice cushion and there are not any pressure points at all. I have a stupid big head and these fit me just fine, 99% chance that your head is going to be smaller than mine so these will fit you. They did give me a pretty bad case of headset hair, as is to be expected. Overall, I been putting off this purchase for a while, was looking at Beyedynamic DT990 Pro 250 Ohm, but decided I didnt want to invest in a sound card, amp/dac to get the maximum out of those. This headset is great for the money, and with the build quality its gonna last me for years. I dont think you can go wrong with these.
This works for the Xbox One as well and that’s why I got it. It has very clear quality, and feels very comfortable. I highly recommend getting this headset for any current generation consoles.
Best headset Ive ever bought. Amazing sound quality.
Sound is great, but its hard to control your voice when talking because it does not have the feature to hear your own voice through the headset.
Amazing headphones. Super clear sound quality. People telling me stories of their escapades with my mom has never sounded better with the quality these headphones provide. Highly Recommend.
slick look and a detachable mic makes for good surround sound gaming headphones aswel as nice headphones for public use without looking wierd with the mic still on.
Overall great headset and I would recommend it to everyone. My only problem is that the cord is not removable from the base of the headset.
This design has resolved literally every issue I had with the Cloud 1s. No more faulty volume box wheel, no more iffy cables. No more inferior 3.5 connections. The body is more flish to the mic, the non-plastic covers still feel like air, no additional fatigue on my head or ears - I recommend these to everyone shopping for a headset.
Sound is great and very clear, Very good for its price
Amazing mic and earphone quality
Quality!
Amazing sound quality. My voice sounds clear from the mic. It works perfectly with my PS4. The usb dongle is compatible with the PS4 but remember to update the dongle to the latest firmware to use its features. Im very happy with this purchase.
Very good product 100% recommended, 2 thumbs up!
It works amazing. it comes with 2 different pairs of ear pads (foam and leather). it gives you the option to plug directly into a headphone outlet or into a USB outlet. The sound is great and it seems you can wear it for very long periods of time.
Really well built headphones that was clearly made with some love by the manufacturer and designer. Very comfortable, clear sounding headphones that have been amazing for game play, especially on game like Player Unknown Battle Ground that requires very acute hearing.  The box that it is shipped in surprised me the most, because they really delivered this in a high quality package and wanted the customer to feel the attention to detail from the start. My only thoughts is they could offer more colors for this model. I did some searching around for purchasing a set for the girlfriend but there were no colors that suited her. I appreciated these headphones so much I purchased a 2nd one.
Great over-ear fit, audio and, design. I wish the 3.5 mm cable was removable and had in-line audio like the HyperX Cloud Alpha Pros but I found the comfort and fit better with he Cloud IIs. Great headset for the price and rivals the performance and comfort of my Astro A40s. 5/5!
Great headphones really wellmade
Very nice, high quality sound. the 7.1 Dolby button you can definitely hear the difference and my friends I game with are jealous of my headset when they come by! These are all I use for sound anymore. I personally prefer corded over cordless computer accessories due to not having to worry about charging a battery so much as knowing my components will work when I want them too with way less maintenance....and cost :)
Ive always found headphones to be uncomfortable and not worth the price for me personally. Since I switched to PC gaming Ive been looking at some PC headsets and noticed many of the Twitch streamers recommend these. These headphones are amazing for their price. Im sure for an audiophile they may be just OK, but the price tag I couldnt ask for more. I feel like there are two main guidelines for a good pair of headphones which are comfort and sound. 1. Comfort: This aspect is by far the most important. A headset can sound as good as can be, but if you dont find it to be comfortable to wear for even a small period of time then its all for nothing. The Cloud IIs just nicely wrap around your ears. Ive found myself wearing them for hours with only a small amount of discomfort after several hours. This for me is huge as usually I get uncomfortable around 15 to 20 minutes into wearing the headset. The headset feels well built and you just get this feeling like you made a good purchase holding it. 2. Sound: This is obviously the 2nd most important aspect. I believe you have to plug the headset into a USB port to get the actual 7.1 sound, but there is an option to just use a shorter detachable 3.5mm headphone jack. I have yet to try the detached jack, but after activating the 7.1 surround sound feature I didnt even think twice about going back. I mainly play World of Warcraft and leveling a fresh character. I finally got to the Mist of Pandaria content and Im enjoying it so much more with the surround sound. I can listen to the beautiful oriental music playing while actually hearing the direction of the waterfall near me. The best part is when it starts to rain you get that feeling through sound that the rain is falling on you and around you. It just makes the whole experience so much more immersive and I honestly dont think I can go back to using speakers for this. If yourre looking for a really high quality headset for a reasonable price then I feel youll get your moneys worth. Ill be sticking with HyperX from now on.
All I can say is wow. For 100 dollars, this is the best headset on the market. I mean absolute best. I have had them for over a year now and have not experienced one flaw whatsoever. They have very nice quality, especially for gaming. There is a surround sound feature on the mix amp attached to its cord that makes your gaming experience even better, letting me hear footsteps, but even more so exactly where the footsteps are. The microphone is above any other gaming headset I have had. Obviously, it does not sound like a crystal clear professional mic, but for talking with friends, or even recording something as simple as some audio over a YouTube video, these are more than enough. They get the job done. Also, their compatibility is unbelievable. I have constantly, on a daily basis, switched between Xbox One and PC with this headset. The transition is seamless with the universal plug that works with any regular headphone jack, Xbox One controller, etc. They even work on my phone. So, my final thought, is this the best headset you can ever get? No. Because there are 500 dollar headsets out there that will no doubt out perform this. But is this the best budget headset you can get? 100 percent. These impressed me from the very start, and the quality isnt that short from other big brand name headsets on the market. If you arent looking to blow a lot of cash on a headset, but dont want to go cheap either, this headset is easily the best choice. If you are thinking of going cheaper and spending 50 or 75 on another pair, I HIGHLY suggest you get these instead.
Great headset for gaming. I got this because my Sennheiser HD280Pro wasnt giving me the best sound in games. That pair is better for music, but for gaming and even voice chat the cloud 2 headset is much better. Really happy with the purchase.
I had a HyperX Cloud I before purchasing this headset that stopped working properly after over two years of rough wear and tear. I expect the Cloud II to be just as durable. Love that I can plug it into my phone with the AUX cord and make take calls from it. Only issue I had though was that the mic is very quiet. Ended up using the detachable mic from the Cloud I which slightly improved the the volume. Since the headset itself has an onboard controller, you cannot control the mic boost which cuases some problems.
Comfortable and well made headset
This headset is my favorite I have ever owned.  The sound quality is great and the microphone works great! 10/10 Would recommend
Excellent audio quality for the price. Worked like a breeze. Very comfortable.
love it works Great as expected, sturdy Use them daily
Amazing Sound quality. 100% recommended
better than my astro a50. its wired but hey no annoying re-charging
I needed a new headset that didnt hurt my wee head. Usually gamer headsets are heavy and push down on my skull after an hour or so, but this one is the lightest headset Ive ever used! Sturdy, nice sound quality, and the coziest ear cushions!
Excellent product, Came with an extra cloth set of ear foams. Quality was better than expected. Works great for the latest games like Fortnite where you need to hear direction of footsteps coming and going. Mic works great also. HUGE improvement over other under $99 dollar headsets that I have owned.
Was searching for a headset that could stand alone using my external microphone. After hours of research, looking for decent pricing and all the other jazz in a headset, I landed on the HyperX Cloud II. Pros: Very Comfortable Easy Install/Setup Good Volume Great Sound Build Quality is Strong and Very Durable Long Cord Cuts out external noise with closed back Switched to the softer Ear Pads and they feel even better Cons: Little to No Bass Virtual 7.1 Surround isnt anything to brag about Leather Ear Pads just werent for me Id still recommend youd buy this headset if bass wasnt important to you.
This was a gift for my hubby. He is loving it!! He uses it to play fortnite and hes so thrilled to be able to engage with others during the game.
Love these head phones the sounds is great. It really does cancel outside noise. I have a love hate thing with the corded aux. Love it cuz I can take it and talk on my phone with it hate it when Im gaming and have to get up and take off the headphones. But other than that theyre great for the price. Go buy it!
First off, great company! I broke my headset on accident it sat in my attic for 2 years and I just got them out last month. I emailed them told them what was going on and within a month I have a new headset working perfectly. I did not have a warrant for them either. I rate the headphones & the company a SOLID 10 out of 10.
Best headphones around. Very comfy, great mic, and lightweight.  Worth every penny. This is the second pair I bought in 4 years
Best headset Ive used for my Xbox one, sound is great!
Super comfortable. Great sound. Highly recommend.
Works well for my fiances gaming.
Really nice headphones for the price. Like everyone else has stated on multiple review sites, these are very comfortable, excellent sound quality and block out noice extremely well. I wanted to go over a few things that may seem a bit unclear however. These headphones block out almost all noise due to the padding that covers the ears, they are not active noice cancelling like the Bose. Comparing these, the HyperX sounds much better than the Bose Quiet Comfort 25s and block out most noise, however, with active noice cancelling on the Bose, I can slam my cup on my computer desk and not hear it t all but with the HyperX, I can hear the THUD. For just about everything but very loud noices, the HyperX blocks most noice like neighbors,  tv set or even a phone in the next room. I have had a Platronics DSP headphone as well as some of the top end Grados and Sennheiser HD pros and these sound better for gaming. The cord is also a nice material that wont twist up and eventually fray like my other headphones which always give out after a few years. The Bose I lost one side of sound on and there went $250. You cant go wrong paying under $100 for these gems. By the way, the wire is wierd how it is too long where the volume adjustment is and will hang low on your floor. I fixed this because there is a clip on the part that has the volume control and I just clipped that to a wire on my desk that is right near my hand. Now I have my volume control at a perfect spot on my desk for on the fly adjustments during gaming for both volume and mic.
Extremely durable and nice sounding
Solid build quality and they sound great. They are the best headphones I own and among the cheapest.
Pros-Great on computer gaming, tablets, hands-free phone talking and it feels light on yourhead Con-not for listening to music
feels great awesome sound and mic all great!!!!
Great functionality on detachable cord, and remote. All the presets work on PC and PS4. (I got this so I can hotswap to either as needed). Seems the mic could be a liiiittle louder by 10% or so, so I can be lazy and keep the mic further from my mouth. Maybe I need to play with settings some more. Either way. Great sound quality and headset in general. Not very flashy, which is okay... unless youre a streamer and want to show off or something...To me, this actually drives the cost down.
comes in handy when the next door neighbors are being loud
Used turtle beaches for a while switched and I’m glad I did
Best headset for gaming for the price!
Amazing gaming headset
Got these for $70.. the sound quality is amazing on games like CSGO and PUBG. Sometimes I hear too many things I don’t want to ha
Theyre awesome.  I have 2 pairs, and they work great.
the head set fits snug but not tight. it is comfortable for hours at a time which is how long i wear it. well and the mic does not pick up sound from the earpieces. the sound is true
Amazing super comfy
Fits my head well and doesnt squeeze.  I have a big head.  I think the mic boom could be a bit longer, it sits to the side of my face and on one of the games I play people have a hard time hearing me unless that thing is pressed up against the side of my mouth.  Other games it appears to be ok.  If you use the plug in adapter you can control the volume and mic up and down.  However, when you use that controller you can not adjust the Microsoft mic controls to raise volume.  You are limited by the controller of the headset.  When someone cant hear you and you have turned up the volume on the controller all the way up you are out of luck.  They are comfortable and the quality of the headset appears to be awesome.  The packaging it comes in makes you feel like you just bought the best headset in the world.  It truly is the best packaging I have ever seen on any product ever!!!!!
Absolutely love this product
Love how noises canceling they are and they are super comfy while I wear glasses. The sound quality is really good and the mic quality as well. Definitely recommend.
Probably the best headset Ive ever owned. I tried the senheizer gaming headset and the surround sound sounded very digitalized, these are very clear, very loud, and the surround sound is good.
Wow! First off I am new to PC gaming, but not to headsets. I wanted a good headset for playing Playerunknowns Battlegrounds and Overwatch. The clarity is superb, the comfort is fantastic, audio quality it top notch, my friends can hear my clearly, the removable mic is convenient, and I feel these are the best in this price range. When playing PUBG I can always hear other players who are near by which gives me an edge is not getting snuck up on.
Ive used this headset on my Xbox one, ps4, and PC; I can say without a doubt these are best headphones and Mic south of $200. Ive very rarely ever heard people complain about the Mic online and its usually just an unplug, replug and its working perfectly again. The sound is actually quite nice, especially on PC. They also work great if you just wanna listen to music. Its sturdy and wont break very easily like most headphones in this price range. Overall, probably the best bang for your buck headset on the market.
Great build quality and good sound in games, music and movies. I actually bought one a pair a year and a half ago and another pair a few months ago for a friend.
Works great! It drowns out the background noise so you can only hear the music and the computer game.
when using surround sound the volume controller gets a little hot. other than that it works like a charm
These have been my favorite headphones after some time. I was debating between a few brands and I went with the hyperx. They DO NOT disappoint. Keep in mind Im just a casual gamer.  The sound quality is astounding for the price. They are extremely light and comfortable to wear. They come with a spare pear of earmuffs to wear, I have yet to change them out though. Also great for noise cancelling. The microphone is very strong, it picks up sounds very well so you may have to turn it down slightly.  Overall excellent headphones, I will continue to buy HyperX
Best headphones I have ever used with my computer. Great fit and sound.
This is a GREAT headset. The sound is good, the mic is decent, and the build quality is amazing. Not to mention, its feature packed. At a glance, these look like your typical gaming headset. However, the whole thing is made of metal and aluminum, with leather stitching. Its very comfortable, and can take a beating, thats for sure. And since its made of metal/aluminum, you can wipe off any dirt with ease. The sound is amazing. 53mm drivers, with stereo audio. However, you can toggle between stereo mode and 7.1 surround sound via the USB Sound card, and the 7.1 surround sound is emulated, so it doesnt sound that great, but it works. The bass is very good, and the lows and highs are crisp. The mic quality? Its okay. It definitely screams "Gaming headset" but its clear and sounds decent, while being on the quiet side, so you may have to tinker with it when you first get the headset. Overall, sound and build quality get an A+. Now, I mentioned this headset has quite a bit of features, and boy does it. In the box you get: The headphones USB Sound card Detachable mic A set of velour ear cushions Airplane Adapter Mesh carrying bag And the headset does feature 7.1 virtual surround sound, it doesnt sound that great because it is emulated, but it does work, and works very well. This headset also does NOT have sidetone/mic monitoring, which is a let down for some people, but for me thats perfect, I find sidetone more annoying then useful. Now, heres the big flaw. You get a set of velour ear cushions in the box, to replace the leather ear cushions if you wish. However, swapping these ear cushions is a PAIN IN THE BUTT. I spent nearly an hour just trying to get one ear cushion swapped. Its very frustrating, and you pay $100 for this headset, why is it this difficult? Ive swapped ear cushions on $30 headsets with ease, this is the biggest and only flaw with this headset. I highly recommend this headset, what I DONT recommend is swapping the ear cushions... good lord.
Dang this would be a 5, and i want to make this a 5 but since day one Ive had to mess with the cord to make the headset work. I do have the protection plan but I wouldnt have a mic for Fortnite and I do love this headset its just to bad.
Let me start by saying I never like to do reviews. But the way this product blew me away, I felt like I had to. I had previously purchased the Razer Kraken Pro v2 and was dissatisfied with the comfort they offered. After about only 30 minutes I was already starting to experience headaches. Yet with this pair I have yet to experience any discomfort. These headphones are also top of the line when it comes to playing music on your phone or computer etc. They can get very loud and have phenomenal bass. I can feel the cushions shaking on my head. 10/10 P.S. the 7.1 has a noticeable difference in sound quality as well.
This is an amazing headset for the money for gaming, I dont love the mic but it gets the job done.
This headset is very nice. Comfortable, great sound quality, looks great, feels sturdy/solid, microphone works well for multiple platforms(have yet to try on pc). Overall a great product that seems like it will withstand a lot of use.
Fits really well and sounds are crisp! I dont use the 7.1 but I feel thats more preference. Only dislike is how far down the volume adjustment is on the cord and cord length.
Ok I have bought maybe 10 headsets and this one by far is my fave. It beats everything from sades cheapies to razer high dollar headsets. Great sound with deep bass. Great build quality with metal framing and leather. Overall they are amazing in performance, quality, and price. The detachable mic and the 7.1 usb dongle are just bonuses. Oh wait you also get a carrying bag and velvet earcups. Man this is a great product. Kingston killed it.
Extremely comfortable and the sound is fantastic. I will buy these again if I ever have to get a new headset.
This headphones are the best I ever had, very comfortable, quality is excellent, very good and loud sound quality, high volume for headphones and microphone. I really love them and please, dont pay attention to some customers writing bad reviews, they just complain and complain when they dont like products, in this particular product, quality is the best, at least for me, if they are defective, that doesnt mean headphones are bad. I really recommend customers to go to YouTube and see videos about this product unboxing it, those YouTube users tell you everything, as such experience, quality, durability, customer service, how to use. If you dont like these headsets or if they are defective, just return them and dont make these product look bad, because they are not at all. If the adapter 7.1 doesnt work, go to your Windows 7, 8.1 or 10s Control Panel, Sound Properties and set them as a Default, before complaining, make sure you do all the tests possible, most products are just WATER PROOF, not IDIOTS PROOF, without offending.
Incredibly happy with my purchase. I’m an Xbox One player who plays shooters and needs surround sound. These do just that and fit comfortably. The headphones only need to be plugged into the controller for what seems like a movie theatre quality sound. Absolute steal at $99.99. Was also impressed with the packaging and protective bag it comes with. 10/10 would recommend
I bought this for my son. He was 100% happy with the product, but a problem developed wherein the mic worked only if angled "just so." This started after the Amazon return/exchange policy expired. I contacted Kingston directly, and they handled it delightfully professionally--replaced the headset at no cost to me. I truly appreciate it, after what seems like daily dealings with nefarious online merchants who "take" indifferently... Thank you Kingston!!!
I really really like these head phones Ive used other brands before like safes and a few others and was happy with them. But I had no idea what  I was missing till I bought these. They look as good as they sound/feel/work. The first thing i noticed was They are so comfortable witch is great for long gaming sessions. Also they are very well made and seem solid in construction. The sound quality is great and the optional advanced audio control box is really nice and great that its not part of the main chord or the headset. I would of preferred knobs for Mic and master volume rather the buttons but thats just personal preference. The detachable Mic is a wonderful touch. Also it comes in a nice box with lots of extras . I couldnt be happier (Picture is terrible quality I know, I just included it a proof of owning them.)
Ive been a gamer for over 13 years now, and since all my journey through different headphones purchases, I have never felt more joy than when I tested and felt what this headphones felt like. You can feel from the moment you start opening the headphones that there is quality and extra details, that later on transform in the difference. Double ear pads, for leather or soft lovers. Multiple jacks, a bag to transport the headphones, with the detail of the material of the bag, which protects your headphones, no matter where you put them. 100% satisfied with this product. Hope to not have to update the review within some months because of malfunction. PS: Before this headphones, I had the Sennheiser G4ME ONE PC series, which Im totally satisfied with both. In a relation between sound - price, HyperX leads the products. When it comes to sound itself, Sennheiser is the winner.
Works great with my PC , and makes my LGV30 sound even better for music.
My son says these are the best he has ever used, he is an avid gamer and has recommended them to his friends he games with online. They have complimented him on the clarity of his voice.
These headphones, unlike every other headphone I have owned, can stay on your head forever. Not only is the quality of the electronics superior, but the fabric in the earmuffs is so fine I could wear these to bed. I couldnt keep my old Turtle beach headphones on for more than an hour.
Best thing I ever bought for my video game playing husband!  Finally, he can play Uncharted and I can read in the same room in perfect silence (except for the clicking of the buttons while he kills the bad guys).  The sound is AMAZING and hes super happy with the quality.  Best Christmas gift I ever bought both of us. :)
Only owned for a day, but everything checks out. Design: Metal, quality plastic and finish. The piece that connects the metal frame to the top headband is thick and durable, so I cant imagine it breaking any time soon, if ever. Overall build is small and compact, rests nice and unawkwardly on a desk surface. Sound quality: Superb. Crystal clear wubs, woofs, and tweets. Full, broad range of sound. I can hear parts of a song or subliminal beats that I couldnt hear using another headset. 7.1 Surround: Makes everything sound extremely directional. Ive only tested this with an older game, but for example, sounds directly to the right of me play in the right ear but I cant hear it in the left ear. In reality you should hear it in the left ear too but not as loud. This may just be the older game engine. In other news the surround really adds an extra layer of ambience in some shows I watch. Noise cancelation: With any sort of game sound or music playing I can no longer hear myself type. On a mechanical keyboard. Simply amazing. Have not tested the mic yet but everything adds up. No drivers to install either!! For under $100 at the time of this review, this seems like a real bargain. The only con I can think of is no sidetone (cant hear your own voice when speaking in the mic).
Been using it for a couple months. Love the surround sound.
It’s great!
Durable, nice fitting, and so forth. My only issue is mic volume adjusting since you have to download an update or two for it to work correctly.
Great quality. Awesome sound. What else is there?
Ive had these for a year and almost no problems. Five stars is for the price comparison. If youre trying to spend $300 on headphones, there are other options for you. If you want to keep it at $100, then you cant go wrong with these!
Excellent and very comfortable headphones.  Weve ordered a total of 4 sets and all have worked very nicely.  One set had the wire fail and was returned to Kingston via RMA.  They replaced it under warranty with a new one.  Kingston is a stand up company and you can buy with confidence.  Highly recommend their product.
This has been great for me. Extremely comfortable, great audio quality. Fits over my big goofy ears no problem. The cord is a little long for my needs but no biggie.
Noise cancelling is rediculously good on these hands down my wife can have he tv on in front of me and I can’t here it and she can talk on the phone oh still can’t hear it. Pair these with the Astro mix amp and it is paradise without it they are decent but a drastic improvement when amplified. Worth every penny good build quality nice packaging I was thouroughly impressed with the product. It was between these and the new alpha pros but honestly after trying these for two days I was sold on these
This was the gaming headset I ever purchased the noise cancellation is phenomenal with the leatherette ear cuffs. In the other ear cups that come in the packaging or a soft suede material like a super soft cotton and those who make the headphones feel like a legit cloud
Great audio for solo play. The 7.1 does make a bit of a difference and does enhance the foot steps and surrounding sounds. Pretty comfortable for long sessions just gets a bit warm but no sweaty ears. Managed to play about 6 hours until it staters to feel uncomfortable. Buttons for chat volume and mic do not work at all on ps4 which is the only reason I bought them so I could quiet down my team mates easily, but I cant. You do have the option to have it as either stereo or surround 7.1 which is pretty convinient. Doesnt feel cheap or weak.  Doesnt pick up my voice that well. My mic volume cant be adjusted
Great quality, stylish, and comfy to use for extended periods. At first, the headset does press on the sides of your head pretty hard, but eventually it becomes more comfortable. The surround sound setting is also kinda confusing to use. I couldnt figure out if the surround sound was turned on or off because YouTube surround sound videos sound better with the button "off", but games sound better with the button "on".
Sound is good, quality is good. They dont hurt my head at all or ears. Everything seems to be holding up just fine. Happy with what I paid for.
So Ive been using these pair of headset for about 2 years now and it still one of the best headsets Ive used. My first pair worked really great however the detachable microphone was causing a lot of issues and sending the back both the headset/microphone. Once I received my replacement, it has been working well ever since then and I havent had a hiccup yet. It is really comfy to put on and wear for gaming for long periods at a time. The microphone is okay but Im not too concerned as long as others are able to understand what I am saying. Overall, I am really satisfied with this purchase since it has lasted me thing long! If you are looking for a headset to invest in, look no further you found it.
Ive had these over six months and they havent broken because they are not plastic
Amazing price for an extremely comfortable and having great sound quality on it.
Best headset overall. Design, weight, sound and looks I am very happy about bought this headset I am playing PUBG and it helps me a lot to hear the footage and directions when some one is trying shoot me. I prefer use them without the USB audio card for 7.1 surround.
Definitely did not expect this kind of quality from a pair of gaming headphones in this price range. Noise canceling,dynamic sound range, Fits perfectly around ears as to not cause any pain over long gaming sessions and the materials used on this build are top notch. Literally everything a gamer has asked for in a gaming headset is in this package.Theres no comparing these to turtle beaches at all, No contest. Also is you want to use them as a casual pair of headphones, you can do so just by disconnecting the mic from the ear cup. As being one of the most comfortable and reliable pair of headphones Ive purchased, I can say without a doubt "Money Well Spent"!
Great headset for gaming! Very comfortable for long hours of use! But the mic can use some work.
Purchased for a friend of mine, he loves it.
Good quality sound and mic. To me 7.1 sounds bad for more things than it sounds good for. I’d rather keep it off all the time rather than on all the time. I did need a sub headset and this does just that. The cord is also a bit shorter than previous cloud, would like an extension to come with it.. I also get static if I set the sound too high. This is t a problem as sounds set they high is too loud anyways but still a negative
Ive had Astro A40s, Trittons, Audio Technica... This is the best dollar for dollar headset you can buy.
my son love it
Very comfortable. Good for playing games and listening to music since the sound quality is top. Microphone quality is great as well.
Amazing sound beautiful design
Really good headphones! The sound quality is good and comfort is really good. When you first get these headphones the package is amazing. The one thing is the sound card is only for pc and myabe ps4. But the sad thing for me is they broke and now I have to return.
Nice headset with good audio and mic performance. Used primarily as a gaming headset while using Discord. Works well, cord is very long, and fits over a large head with big ears comfortably.
Great sound quality easy to use wish the cord was longer but thats no biggie  follow me on twitch @ frostyveins22 for all your siege intrest
Great headset. Easy to use.
This is the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn. When I would wear my old headset, my ears would start to hurt after a couple hours.. but not with the HyperX Cloud II. Friends say my mic quality is great. Sound quality is very good as well. The bass is a bit lacking, but thats not a big issue for a gaming headset. If you want more bass for music, you can use Equalizer APO to adjust the bass levels.
My son is an online games who researched this and then ordered it...he loves it and it blocks out all of the sound around him.
Wow. This is a really nice headset. Sound quality is among the best Ive used and at a price point <$100 its probably the best bang for the buck set that I know of.
Very comfortable. Clear mic. Great surround sound.
Comfortable for long gaming sessions and sounds amazing.. Not recommended if you wanna be aware of whats going on around you. Great headset if you can afford the steep price. Totally worth it.
If youre someone with a large head or pressure-sensitive temples like me, go ahead and spend the extra $ to get this premium headset, its definitely worth it. Unrivaled comfort and design.
THE GOOD: A carefully, lovingly crafted product. I love all the nice and luxurious details in it. Feels sturdy and pleasantly heavy. The packaging is superb. I fell in love with them the moment I opened the box. The sound is strong, crisp, precise. The 7.1 surround works impressively well. The mic has very good sound according to my gaming partners. The cable is thick, reinforced and clearly made to last. The earpads are soft, comfortable and do a very good job of keeping noise out. And there are replacement pads in the box! The headband is wide, comfortable and provides the right amount of tightness for my head. THE NOT SO GOOD: Mic recognition was kinda hard to setup. Although the removable mic may seem in place, you need to push it hard into its socket for it to connect properly. Even then, the USB card desables windows mic settings, and there is no HyperX software available to tweak things either. No troubleshooting in the user manual either. The USB controls work fine, although a play/pause button for music would have been welcome. The surround button should stay on permanently after you press it, instead of having to turn it on everytime you plug the headphones or restart your computer. The carry bag is okay, but a hard case eould have been better.
Extremely comfortable. I can wear them for hours on end without pain or discomfort. The mic works wonderfully from my limited use of it. The sound is great and I like being able to toggle the Virtual Surround. The quality is extremely good. Highly recommended if you want something that will last.
Amazing headphones with the best fit Ive had yet. Comfortable for hours. However, microphone stopped working when i plug it back in ~3 months after purchase. Good thing product support only lasts 2 months.........
Awesome headset! Love that it works for PC or console and it sounds and feels great. My ears are big and unlike most headsets this one feel comfortable and doesnt hurt my ears at all.
This headset is very well made. Great audio quality and mic quality. The 7.1 is kind of gimmicky, but it works okay. I think this is the best USB headset in this price range. I have no complaints so far about this headset, I use if for gaming, and streaming on twitch, but plan to get a blue yeti as there is no headset that can match the mic quality of a stand alone condenser mic.
Light weight, great sound and super comfortable.  Been using them hard for a couple of months and still as good as the day i received them!
This is the BEST headset I have bought. Previously, I had bought 2 Turtle Beach headsets, and 4 pairs of Creative Labs Soundblaster (WoW edition) headsets, as well as a pair of SteelSeries Siberia Elites. Ive had issues with every single one of them. It is either both or one of the sides gets cracked, the microphone stops working, or the wiring that attaches to the headset quits working. Always a problem...except for the HyperX Cloud II. I have had this pair for about 2yrs now and I absolutely love them! You can wear them for longs periods of time and they will never hurt your ears, or put pressure against your head. Theyre comfy and the sound is amazing.
Originally I bought this as a gift for my brother, but  I tested the sound, the mic, and the build qwualizty and I decided that I was these more for myself. He can have some other set of headphones. Also price for these was amazing, and the same with comfort
Very very comfortable and good sound for mic and headphones BUT the headphone jack is wack. After only 2 months of use if the jackpot wire is moved slightly the right ear turns off for a second. Buy with the warranty. But other than that I love it
The best gaming headset. Sounds great, its comfortable and is just very nice quality best bang for your buck. Only con is mic is kinda bad but if youre not streaming or recording it does the job.
Good headset. Headband is initially tight when I got it hopefully it loosens up.
This is by far the best pair of headphones Ive owned. Ive owned it for about 2 months now. Heres some pros and cons about it: Pros: - Extremely comfortable on the ears; my ears are kinda big, so the tips of them usually get sore after playing for a long time because they rub against the inside of the headphone. This has not happened to me once yet - The 7.1 sound is incredible and helps me a lot while playing competitively. I hear sounds across the map that no one else can hear. - Whenever Im not playing, I wear these around the house and they feel great; every time Ive worn these to sleep, I somehow manage to sleep 15+ hours, which is amazing Cons: - I do wish that the headphones could be interchangeable from wired to wireless because I get up from my desk so often, but its not a big deal at all Overall, this is an incredible product and I highly recommend you buy it. Im definitely buying from HyperX again after theyve spoiled me so :)
Ive had a few headsets that I primarily need when I work from home to do conference calls or meetings.  So I need a good quality microphone that I can easily mute, and reasonable sound quality.  Comfort is also a big deal because I might have 2-3 meetings in a row and wear these for hours, so something that is heavy, pushes on head or the ears, etc, cord is too short/heavy etc, would make them a pain to wear.  I also tend to wear the same headphones when Im watching movies, youtube etc, sometimes music, although I generally am not expecting my conferencing headphones to have great sound quality for listening to music.  I am not an audiophile by any means; but I am fairly picky about the reproduction quality of headphones.  I have cheap earbuds I know wont sound great but are convenient etc, but if Im at my desk listening to music Ill generally use my high quality headphones. I dont have a headset at work and I sometimes need to take meetings from my desk, so I decided this was a good opportunity to update my headset at the house.  The one at the house works well, not super sound quality, but it generally works just fine.  I researched a ton to find a headset that has good quality, doesnt look like it came out of an Alien movie, and isnt super expensive.  When I found the Hyper X Cloud IIs for $70, which they normally run around $100, it was a little more than I wanted to spend but I figured Id give it a shot. They are terrific.  The sound quality is AMAZING.  A bit bassier than I prefer for pure music listening but easily EQed to make them more neutral.  They are light, comfortable, and I can wear them for hours with no problems.  The cord with the USB DAC is plenty long enough and everything just works on them.  If I need to take a phone call I unplug the headphones from the USB DAC and plug them into the phone (well, the USB C to 3.5mm, but..), otherwise they stay plugged into USB DAC that comes with the headphones.  I generally keep the mic unplugged when Im not using it as I tend to just put the headphones under my monitor and it doesnt quite fit with the mic attached.  And when Im not using the mic its kind of annoying to look at in my field of vision, but its easily detached. I do actually miss the swiveling mic of my old headset, which I just rotated up out of the way when I didnt need it.  I knew this one had a removable adjustable mic, so no complaints here, but I worry a bit about flexing the mic around a lot and/or removing it a lot.  I wish the mic had the ability to rotate out of the way while retaining its ability to be removed and swiveling.  I imagine that it might be a wear/failure point, but it would make the headset that much more convenient. I love how this headset is low profile, no flashy things, only light is on the USB DAC and if that bothered me I could pretty easily cover it up but its pretty low key so no big deal. I also love that they come with two sets of ear cups, the pleather ones are very nicely isolating from your surroundings.  Everything around me is well muted, which is what I prefer.  They do get a little warm but so far thats not an issue, as its winter and the house is cool, maybe in the summer when the house is warmer I might care more.  I have not tried the alternate pads but they would likely be cooler plus much more open to the environment and let more outside sound in if that is your preference.  They are pretty easily swapped out. The only minor complaint I have is that I tend to mute myself from the headphones a lot while Im on calls and need to unmute/re-mute easily.  The USB DAC comes with a mute switch, but it would have been preferable for it to be a button on the headset rather than a rather small switch.  None the less it does work so I cant complain too much. Other minor problem that I do not have, but others might, is I have a pretty small head and these just fit me pulled out as much as theyll go.  If my head were bigger I imagine they would not fit me well.  Another very minor thing with fit; my ears are kind of big and they touch inside the headphones.  It doesnt hurt or really bother me but after a few hours my ears feel weird.  Not a big deal, but if you have really big ears these do fit pretty closely so might bother you a bit. Ive seen some people say the headphones can come off of the metal band.  Ive seen some people say theyre hard to get back in but there are small screws on the back side which if you loosen and put them back in and tighten them down fixes this.  I have not seen this issue, but figured Id mention it as its easily fixed if it happens.  Not sure what makes this happen, loose screws, rough handling?  Not sure.  I fiddled with mine lightly in my hands and there was no notion of them coming out. So TLDR; terrific headset for every use.  Computer, phone, music, movies, conference calls.  This headset really does it all and it does it in comfort and sounds great doing it.  Easily 5 stars,
Dont have a dial to adjust volume and cant mute mic, other than that its a great headset.
Works great, and has held up well so far.
Best headphones I ever owned! You wont be disappointed comfort and quality.
I’ve been using this headset on a daily basis for about a year and a half now and its been flawless. Sounds great and other people hear me much better than my old microphone
I love this headset. The audio quality is very good - Im pretty picky, and Ive been completely happy using this for both music listening and games. I havent tested the microphone for recording quality, but friends have said I sounded good and that it was clear while using it on Discord with my a/c running in the same room.
best headphone i tried, very comfortable
Greatest Headset i have ever purchased! Noise cancelling, Super soft and luxurious feeling.
Best headphones I have used for gaming, and Kingston support is very good for RMAs. My microphone started to become faulty after a couple years of use, Kingston sent me a completely new replacement headphone instead of just a replacement for the detachable mic. You can use these for console or any 3.5mm jack, change the padding to leather or felt material (felt is very comfortable), and quickly deatch the mic - very versatile. Only small annoyance Ive had with the product is the USB sound card lagging with the sound input, if you try to adjust the volume initially after booting your machine, there is like a 30 second lag for the input to kick in initially before the sound card input works.
These headphones fit perfectly!  Extremely comfortable.  The noise cancellation is amazing, and I love the surround sound feature.  These headphones are great for gaming, especially Fortnite.  The mic is great for the price, and I love that you can use this headset on your multiple devices.  Ive had no complaints about this headset so far.  Im very pleased with what I bought.
Sound quality is great and is the most comfortable headset I have ever owned!  Thank you
So far Im in love with these headphones. They block out so much sound when you have them on even without having anything playing that its strange at first when you talk and cant hear yourself. I have video meetings regularly and it took a few days to get used to. Overall though I love these headphones. Theyre solidly built and seem like theyre going to last a long time. The audio quality is great. The mic is pretty strong and bendable. The cords are all braided and durable feeling.
The best headphones ever for games. I love it 
Good headphones. One ear phone seems to be slightly quieter than the other but it isnt super noticeable at louder volumes so doesnt bug me. Other than that very comfortable, i use them on average 6 hours per session and no head pain or ear pain.
I like it very much
Good quality build and sound, the surround sound is pin point for games where you need to be able to determine the direction sound come from.
Positional Audio is superb! 10/10 recommended for competitive gaming.
Looking for good headphones that work with medium-large heads? Are you a gamer who spends hours upon hours on-line, chatting with friends while engaged in epic battles? These headphones are the best Ive had, with volume settings that make it easy to adjust and set for the right situation.
Amazing
Best headphone I purchased
With all the good review for this, this is probably the most value for money for high quality audio. You cant go wrong with this at this price point
4stars because it is metal and light weight. All of my headphones broke at swivel points.. metal might hold up.. I dont know though because I did not know the speakers had no base n no control
Good headlhones
Amazing sound quality, and an overall good headset.
Best headset Ive ever had. Really comfortable and sounds great. Mic is a little quieter than what Im used to though.
Not really meant for Xbox. Its a good pc gaming mic but not so much for console. You cant use mic controls on Xbox.
When I bought the hyper x cloud II I was replacing my hyper x cloud core headset that I sold to my friend. The headset is very comfortable and with the 7.1 surround cable the sound is amazing! However I game on a PS4 so the mic will not work when I have it plugged into the surround sound cord, and the audio controls on the cord itself wont work. However I knew that when I bought the headset and I do not mind having to plug it into the controller to talk to my friends while I game. When I used the headset on my laptop everything worked perfectly including the mic and the controls on the cable, so I would highly recommend it for PC. If you game alone on console, or wouldnt mind the sacrifice of the surround sound to chat, or the in cord audio control, then I would highly recommend this headset. However if you want to game on console with both 7.1 surround while talking to friends, or would prefer a headset with an in cord volume adjuster, then I would consider looking at other options.
Great sound and so comfy love the HyperX stuff <3
These headphones are amazing! Honestly, they are much better than I thought they could be.  I wanted to get a good headset with a mic for voice charting on my video game consoles and my PC.  I’ve used these for the last few weeks almost exclusively whether I turned on my PS4 and it’s been great.  While playing Destiny 2 I was able to voice chat with my buddy while we were grouped up together in game and I was able to hear the game crystal clear as well.  One thing that was a new experience for me was being able to hear the game so well that I could tell where my enemies were coming from as to how well the headphones can make the directional noise happen. Finally, the headphones are so comfortable with the soft memory foam cushions and it does a great job of blocking out background noise.  I highly recommend! The reason I am adjusting the rating to 4 stars is due to the fact that the wire controls do not work on the PS4 whereas another brand recently purchased does.
Great quality. Definitely worth the investment
Very Good head set.
This headphone set has good sound all around, including as a recording mic. Using it for recording gaming sessions.
Great sound, but Ive had so many problems getting it to work with my PC. It keeps disagreeing with my sound card. I had to send the first one back. The second one was great up until about a week ago when it started displaying some of the same troubles -- the audio suddenly stopping and repeating a sound over and over, or it just not working until I unplug and replug it. Ive even done a firmware update from the website. I dont get it. I guess its not very compatible with my PC. That being said, me and 3 other friends all bought these during the Black Friday sale, and none of them had any issues. Its just been me. They all love it. And the sound quality, when my set does work, is great. The mic quality is fantastic. So aside from it not working well with my PC, this is a fantastic product.
I love these headsets. Ive had them for a year and a half now and they shown virtually no signs of wear and tear due to the high quality materials that  it was made out of, leather and metal. I would have initially given these a 4 out of 5 due to the lack of PS4 compatibility for the USB volume control, but with the firmware update that Kingston released, they are now fully compatible with PS4. They are so much better than the gold stereo wireless headsets that are made with cheap plastic.
Great headset and package arrived on time.
Best headset Ive ever owned and very durable
Best gaming headset you can find.
Super solid headset. If I somehow manage to break this pair, Ill def be buying another
Perfect bang for the buck
My son loves this headset... A little pricey, but the construction and sound quality seems to support the few extra bucks.
Worth the price! Amazing bass. Great for gaming. Very Comfortable! Would purchase again and suggest them! 5****
Great headset and great surround sound. I was having problems with my Siberia 7 when gaming not knowing which direction shots were being fired from. With my new hyperx cloud 2"s I dont have this problem at all, and I can pinpoint sounds easily.
Great sound, ultra comfort, very light weight, aluminium earphone support construction that is the weak link in Turtle Beach. Multiple connections with Hyper Clouds cabling.
Im not really sure why the red ones were so much cheaper than the grey ones (which is why its 4 stars). These are very comfortable and sound great.
I want to start off by saying i rarely write reviews unless the product is perfect or close to it. Also, I didn’t buy it on amazon, instead I got it at Best Buy because I had a gift card. Anyways, this is an amazing headset. I’ve gone through multiple headsets and brands such as Turtle Beaches’ 800x, Astro A40 & A50, Etc. My latest headset before this one was the Steelseries Artics 7. It was a decent headset but it lacked clarity and overall volume. It was quiet and “boring” even at max volumes. Everything sounded “moushed” together, even with eq adjustments. However, I picked up the HyperX cloud II’s last night and with only one night’s use, I am blown away by how amazing they are. The appearance, quality, comfort and performance are all 5 out of 5 stars for me. I never messed with eq settings or anything because this headset is amazing all around. Everything from low, mids, and highs are vibrant and clear. It’s baffling how this headset is barely $100, this thing could easily be overpriced at $200+ and competing with big companies’ pro line of headsets. In conclusion, it’s sad how overlooked HyperX is as a company and this headset is going to be my favorite for a long time.
I actually got my Cloud II from Target, but it shouldnt be that different. I like the 7.1 surround sound... its not simulated at all (at least from my experience, but then again I truly cant tell the difference). But I would like to see the volume control on the right side, like on the Cloud Stinger, but its an overall beauty! Definitely a keeper!
I had a cloud 1 and when it died I upgraded to a cloud 2. Ive liked them both.
I needed a new headset and did a lot of research and found this one. Purchased it, absolutely love it! Great sound noise canceling headset. Very happy with it !
I bought these for personal use and they sound great.  The digital 7.1 is definitely noticable when playing and my voice comes in great on discord.  What I really appreciate, after multiple broken $70-$160 headsets, is that everything about these screams quality in manufacturing.  Nice to see actual metal construction jpaired with very soft leather.  The mic is removable which is great if you intend to use them as headphones while out and about (The red/black ones are still a bit ... edgy.. to be worn in public, but to each their own).  They do sound great when listening to tunes at home though.
First let me start off by saying this is a great headset. Loud, comfortable, and easy to use. For PS4 users, there is an update that you need to install on your headset when you receive it in order for the 7.1 surround sound to work. You need to google “HyperX firmware update” and you will see in the description on the first link after clicking on it, it says it’s for compatibility for your PS4. Follow the directions and you will have no problem. Even if it says your device has a newer version than the one you’re installing, DO IT anyways. Otherwise your surround sound (and mic) will not work. Great headset.
These headphones are super comfy and provide really good audio. The Mic isnt top tier quality but if that is something youre really concerned about buying a separate mic would be the route to go anyways.
its very good. but i would not give it 5 stars.
Super comfy, high quality, great for the price!
The best headset Ive ever used hands-down, mic quality is a little on the lower end, but this headset makes up for it in the amazing sound quality.
gift for a friend, they love them!
Ok so I only had this headset for a day but dang. This is seriously the most comfertable headset I have every worn and tbh I dont think there will be a more comfertable one in the future. Seriously. That being said the mic is good quality and the 7.1 does work on ps4 but you have to have it plugged in and click the 7.1 audio button BEFORE the playstation boots up. Still more emersive than my old turtle beaches or trittons. Its a real flexible headset too. Overall I would totally recomened this headset Hands down if your used to $100 or less headsets. Great headset. Thanks HyperX
I really enjoy these headphones. Theyve got great sound quality and are very comfortable, even after wearing them for extended periods of time. My friends have no troubles hearing me through the mic and I like the fact that its flexible. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality gaming headset.
Owe three of these.  These are much better than similarly priced Turtle Beach headsets in terms of quality and durability.  My only complaint is that the 2-1 adapter is not as durable as it could be and needs to be replaced from time to time, but they are cheap and easy to replace.
My son loves it more than his expensive B E A T S!
THE BEST HEADSET I THINK
If you are thinking about purchasing this product, do it. The build quality is amazing and the sound quality is unparalleled. Seriously, for the price this headset is the best.
Very comfortable headset. Mic works just fine too and is removable. Definitely work a purchase for just about any use
wonderful sound,  great quality
all other headsets have crushed my head, these on the other hand are really comfortable with great sound and a really good mic. best part is that the mic is detachable
Best Headsets for gaming or sound, Ive compared Astro A50s, which are muddy, Steelcase 3 series, good but little thin, and Razor Thresher, so bad I cant even put in words.  These are superior, come with extras that others charge for and the sound is great.
Great headphones. The best headset I have ever used in this price range. Theyre even good when going up against regular headphones meant for just music. Very comfortable. I got them on sale for 70 but they are worth the 100 that is the normal price, especially since they come with so many extras like extra pads.
Nice quality! Feel and sound great! I have been able to use them with my PS4 and PC
Nice quality! Feel and sound great! I own a few sets of headphones mainly for gaming and Im really enjoying these so far. I have been able to use them with my PS4 and PC and really like the compatibility and sound quality I get from these. They are very solid for music as well. I have a set of Lucid Sound LS30s that are pretty awesome too but have had software issues where they freeze up sometimes. Got these as backups but now they have become my primary PC headsets. I cannot overstate how comfortable they are. The faux leather earmuffs feel silky smooth and they come with an extra set of cloth ones if you prefer. I havent tried those yet. Ive heard about the issues with the wiring connections a few people have had so I will update if I experience any of that. Ive had them for a couple weeks now and so far so good. I got them for a great price but would have paid more for them anyway after having tried them out.
Build quality is great, noise cancellation is fantastic, sound quality is okay, not the best but serviceable I guess. The fit and comfort is great since it covers the entire ear. Mic is again okay, not the best but serviceable. I hate the 7.1 though, doesnt make too much of a difference in quality, if any, it decreases the overall volume in the PS4. Though I think it shines in PC, maybe a driver/firmware problem because its definitely louder. For the most part on my PS4, I just tend to use the jack connected to a controller and not using the USB 7.1. Also, the placement of the 7.1 controller is too awkward, youll it for the most part falling off the floor or stepping on it.
These headsets are so good that if you speak to your child standing right next to him he cannot even hear you. I have a 15-year-old and a 20 year-old. Both are serious gamers. They have both said that it’s an awesome headset. We have had them for a year and they are still going strong. The sound is very in-depth!  They were also impressed with how comfortable they are compared to the turtle brand headsets which we have owned many of those. Don’t hesitate. Awesome product!
My Logitech headset broke so I was recommended to buy this headset. Its great quality and very comfortable around the ears. I wear glasses so sometimes certain headsets tend to press my frame into my temples and causes me to get a headache but not this one. Pros: Great Sound Comfortable The headset is adjustable as well as it being USB (which helps me a lot because my sound jacks are brokem) Durable (Im clumsy and idk how many times Ive dropped it and it hasnt broke yet) The volume and mic adjuster on the cord is great especially while in game I dont need to alt tab to go into my settings to adjust my volume. It also has surround sound (although I prefer not to use it) Cons: Mic quality is average but to be expected. If you want amazing Mic quality you need to buy a studio Mic. The cord is a bit stiff but Im assuming its because I just bought it. But then again I always get annoyed from cords and the only fix to that is wireless lol... Other than that this purchase was well worth it.
Great headset and very well made. Felt kind of heavy at first since I was used to using turtle beach sentinels, but now they feel great. Comes with a mesh carrying bag as well as 2 sets of ear pads. One set is cloth padding. The other set is leather covered. Both are comfortable but I personally like the feel of the leather. Love that the mic is removable. Also comes with a 3.5mm to USB 7.1 surround sound mixamp for use on a PC. I personally use these on my Xbox one and love that I cant hear any noises coming from people talking In my house or other noises that can be distracting. These definitely have great noise canceling abilities and fit great over my big ears, but would also be comfortable with someone who has small ears. Bought on Amazon prime day for $35!. Cant beat that price anywhere.
Very good
Its a great headset. I use it for multiple devices, and wear them for long periods of time. I also like the fact that it comes with two different pairs of earcups.
The sound is great.  I really like these headphones.  Ive used them with my Android tablet, my X-box One and my Android phone.
I bought this product becuase my previous 20 dollar one broke. I would say it was definatly worth the price becuase it is a very high quality pair of headphones with really good sound quality and no echo in the mic. I would say it is slightly uncomfortable... but all headsets are uncomfortable when you have glasses....
Work well
This is the first "Gaming Headset" Ive bought for my own use.  The sound reproduction is very good; good bass and clear highs.  Im not sure that the surround sound processor does anything useful.  Yes, I can tell the difference between it being on or off as it shifts emphasis around, but I dont know that it actually works for true surround sound.  Certainly it is not as good as a room stereo hi-fi with surround sound. I dont think it ever could be.  Still, it is a great headset, with or without the external processor in the loop.
Advantages: Headphones are extremly comfortable (can wear them for ours without any pain or discomfort). Two pairs of ear cups are usefull, especially when its July))) Condition after one year of using with medium activity is exellent. Sound is quite good (much better than airpods, its the only thing I can compare Cloud headset with) Disadvantages (very tiny): There is just one problem, sometimes (very seldem) headphones stop working and work again only after reconnecting to PC. It would be bad but solves for 5 seconds and problem occured only 2 or 3 times. Also I dont like 7.1 mode, but I have never tried other headsets with 7.1 so I think I just dont like 7.1 mode not its implementation it this particular headset. Conlusion: Strongly recommend it to everyone doesnt matter are you gamer or not. Only one think that could make it much better is wirelessness))
Best headphones on the market no cap. Definitely cop if youre a gamer/producer. Bass is amazing
Good
Beautiful sound in Battlefield, scary sound in Counter Strike. The surround sound is perfect, but if u try to play a game that doesnt use surround sound that much, well, its a bit weird.
For the money cant be beat. Better Mic and equal sound to astro 50s
My son has managed to destroy every headset within the first month of purchase! However this gaming headset has lasted since December 2017 to now May 2018 so they are still holding strong! Worth every penny!
Metal band makes them feel durable. Good noise cancellation. Comfortable fit. Good audio and mic quality. Cord is good length and durable. If you want the most comfortable pair available Id still suggest Sennheisers but the headband isnt gonna snap on you like cheaper brands (Turtle Beach) and the quality is solid. Surprisingly little static considering its usb connected. Fits over a hat or headband comfortably. Only knock is it is easy to sweat around the ears but if you want a durable headset thats a snug fit thats going to the tradeoff.
Quality of headphones are way better than they look through the display pictures. Although if you have a big head may be troubling because they seem to not go down to far on your head
Best headphones ever! Fast shipping! Thank you!
High quality, but I bought it because people claimed this headset was comfortable for people with large heads.  I would say this one hurts less than the previous pair I had of a different brand, but this headset is still uncomfortable for anything but brief use.  All headsets of this type squeeze my head too much and become uncomfortable fairly quickly.  I wish someone would invent a style of this type of headphones with an adjustment to make it squeeze your head less.
I got these headphones in October of 2016 and these are 100% functional with nothing wrong with them. The only headset I use for gaming and just music as it is. The noice cancelling is phenomenal, surround sound works nicely, the bass is very good but not too muggy. I love these things, no damage, very sturdy. If you’re looking for a good headset this will fulfill your needs 100%. The only complaint is since I am on PS4 the dongle volume controls don’t work, however the muting feature and surround sound buttons work on it which is all that matters to me.
My daughters LOVES this headset!!!
Have had them for a week will update if anything changes. but these things are comfy and sound quality is great i here everything. Not sure for the price if they can be beat.
good product but when i stood up and broke them cause they dropped Once i couldnt get any kind of refund
I was looking for a headset that goes on heads and I found this one, so I bought it. Here’s a pic of the headset
Great sound quality, super surprised at the quality of the sound for the price. Works great with PS4 and Mac.
Good quality and honest price.
This is like 2 years after I purchased this that I write my review.  These suckers have lasted through long daily use those 2 years+.  My soundcard cord thing only works if I dont wiggle it after plugging it in but that thing has seen some abuse.  For the price of these I will probably just by a replacement when my headset goes kaboom after another 2 years.
This is the best headset Ive used. The mic is crystal clear, and the audio is incredible. Customer service was also surprisingly helpful when I called about a broken mic; I received a new one in the mail in two days.
Great headset. I enjoy the usb connectivity as it leads to less bleed through. Pros- Everything not listed in cons Cons- Very treble heavy and as Im aware there is no software to add any equalizing effect to the headset. Ive gotten used to it over the last week of using it but gunfire in my games was very intense to start 7.1 surround sound button doesnt do much more than just try to separate the current waves of audio going through your headset. which in my opinion doesnt lead to a more precise learning experience because there seems to be small dead spots. All in all i leave this feature off 99% of the time. Other- Usb dongle audio controls are linked to windows controls meaning if you audio up and down it doesnt just change the audio level for the headset it changes it for the entire system. There might be a work around to this but as it doesnt affect me I havent looked for one. Will not affect the general user but i know in some situations it could be bothersome
Awesome in every way!
Comfortable with no creaky noises from the mic boom or anywhere. Excellent sound quality. The only minor con I have is my preference for a slightly longer cord. Works with xbox one, standard 3.5mm headphone jack.
Good Headset, wish it were wireless though.
Dank headphones and the sound quality is great for gaming headsets and is has great build quality only gripe is that the cable should be detachable.
PLEASE insert a photo of the MIC MUTE SWITCH into this headphones packaging. I hit the mute switch somehow and thought that the mic had quit. Reviews on here and elsewhere note that the mic is the weak point of this otherwise FINE and GREAT headset. Love the aluminum frame - no plastic to break here, like on Turtle Beach and Logitech.
Excellent packaging everything was in the box neatly and perfect also a great product thank you
Used these for about 6 months, cord broke because I kept rolling over it with my chair. I got a new exact copy of this one again after that because I enjoy these so much. The audio quality is great, the detachable mic is good for me as I use these on PS4 and PC. They are extremely comfortable as well, especially the leather cover.
Great headset, you hear everything. I heard god with them on.
Overall, the product is wonderful. I wish I had known that the Xbox cannot run audio through an HDMI or through the XBOX controller and surround sound would not work, but that’s my fault not HyperX’s. For the price it’s a wonderful option, but just beware if you are counting on the surround sound for an XBOX.
My hubby loved his so much we bought our son a pair too, then recommended them to his cousin and he got a pair also :) AWESOME product great price and super comfy
Best headset you can get on the market right now. I got this to start streaming. And it was 40% off, which is a no brainer.
As good as expected.  I had high hopes and did a lot of research when looking at a headset and these did not disappoint.  These are great headphones and they sound amazing.  They feel really good as well and even if someone did not like the leather they come with velvet style covers too.  I love being able to detach the mic when I want so I do not have it in the way all the time when I am playing if I am not talking.  They are really well built and just look cool.
I just tried out one game and this mic is very good. Losing a star because although build quality and packaging looks very good, the headphone itself seems very weak and flimsy. Will have to go through wear and tear to see how this product stands.
Bought for PS4 and absolutely love them. Im not super techy so I dont know the specs, but I do know that I can get great quality sound from both the headphones and the mic all from plugging straight into the controller. It may not be the 7.1 Dolby that is available with the hardline USB cable that comes in the box, but I can hear everything in surround sound without being tethered to my consol (which would negate having a wireless controller)... So thats a win in my book. The removable mic had me a bit worried when I ordered them, but it is very secure and sturdy when connected...Basically feels as though its part of the headset. And the option to remove it to listen to music in the real world is very appealing (though I havent done this yet so I cant attest to the music sound quality).
Had them for some time now and havent had any issues with them at all so, with electronics these days, I would say thats awesome. Also, playing Doom and Elite in them sounds phenomenal. The 3D sound is really neat.
very comfortable headset, but the usb with control box is mainly for PC in order to use it on xbox one you need to use the controller adaptor
It is by far the best set for your money. All of my friends now have a set because they were amazed at the quality especially with the mic. I can now hear things in my friends house that they cannot hear. I like the cloth ear-covers but they come with both cloth and leather.
Its very very good headset for gaming for anything
So comfortable and great sound quality!  The people I play with have all mentioned how much more clear I sound since switching to this headset.
My dev team works in a open office environment and weve tried several different headsets.  This is by far the best for our needs.  We have Skype and Teams meetings several times a day.  This headsets ability to cancel background noise is amazing.  If they move the mic to far away from their mouth its hard to hear them.  So anything beyond that is not picked up at all by this mic.  Weve been using them for over a year on a daily basis and they have held up well.
Amazing
This is my first gaming headset and while I am not an audiophile I find that this headset has fantastic sound. Also a very comfortable oval ear shape. A little heavy but I rarely notice it when it is on. Mic makes me sound clear and I hope to make good use of it in multiplayer games. The surround sound, while others may not be impressed, had me bouncing to music and listening in to footsteps. I love that it is driverless as well so I can take this to any pc and have a great listening experience. Lastly I love the design and the colors. When the mic is detached it looks streamlined and fairly “normal” compared to other music headphones on the market. Definitely happy to have a great headset at a great value!
They are made for Gaming. Perfect sound, extremely comfortable, &.1 surround does make a difference during gameplay. The only issue is that base is not very good, so you probably wont enjoy music or movies, but then again, they are made for gaming.
I bought a pair for $90 and used them for about two years. Sound quality was underwhelming, but thats to be expected with a dedicated gaming headset. They do not have a lot of bass, just fyi. They are really comfortable and low-key enough that you can travel with them easily and store them easily. Pretty lightweight and not too bulky. Having a detachable mic is nice as long as you do not lose it. The sound control console is kind of too long, but is useful if you are doing gaming on a desktop. You can detach it if needed. Mic quality is good.  Overall good headset for a medium to lower end one, well worth what it cost. I used mine for about two years until one ear stopped working, but I think I got my moneys worth out of them--heavily used and was pretty rough with them. If you take care of them they will probably last a few years more than that even.
Ive tried razer headsets and this headset takes a poo all over them
While the overall headset is AMAZING, the mic isnt the best. I have a blue snowball for my setup and was looking for something more...mobile so to speak. I did a mic test with my friends and they stated that this mic isnt as good as my blue snowball but the overall sound quality from teh headset is astonishing and is quite soundproof. With my door opened along side my brother opened, AND him being RIGHT next door to me, i didnt even hear him let alone him blasting music. these can get pretty darn loud as well. Id rate 5 stars if the mic wasnt bad but on a scale of 1-10, id give these a solid 8. great build quality, great headphone sound, soundproof, multi-platform, teh list goes on...just wish the mic was better :(
FINALLY, I play comp on pc and struggled to find light comfy headphones with 7.1 These are awesome best headphones for $100 range. Became a big fan of hyper X after these. Also the inline cable controls work well like a mixamp would. No need for one with these anyway. Amazing for $100 would but again all day. Out perform $200+ Headsets
Sonido y conodidad
Sound: The sound is very clear and crispy to your ears, I play FPS and MMOs and is capable of picking up even the most faint sounds, the headset has a remote control integrated into the cable that is able to control volume of speakers and mic as well give you a virtual 7.1 surround sound experience with a very good bass ratio. Headset: the headset is lightweight and comfortable to use for extended periods of times, it comes with 2 speaker covers one is foam like and another is almost leather like both are comfortable to use when the speakers rest in your ears without hurting your ears.  This headset can also be used as a call headset if you connect it to your cellphones or simply be used to listen to music from your phones. Overall you’re getting your money’s worth when buying this headset. I have previously own a pair Turtle beach elite pro headset and tritton ax 720 and I have come to love the hyper x clouds II over the other two headsets mentioned above, I would pick te hyper X out of the other two on any given day.
Sound great depending how connecting it. Amp doesnt work with ps4 7.1 sounds different than when not on but volume for sound and chat doesnt work. Packaging is great. Over it works but not loud at all
PROS - light weight - sits well on my head and forms wells to my ears - long braded cable -7.1 is amazing CONS - The fabric mesh ear cushions arent as noise canceling as Id like but still very good
I love HyperX headsets as I have had 3. One got broke in an altercation with a wall and the second picked a fight with the floor and didnt survive. BUT! I bought this new version and they are amazing! I hope these arent as eager to fly as the predecessors .
This is the second set of HyperX Cloud II headset I have purchased. These things are very comfortable and can be worn for long periods of time. They do a decent job of noise cancellation and do not overheat your ears. The only minor issue that I have is that the mic volume seems to be very low when using Discord and other applications regardless of settings. I have remedied this issue by using external equalizer software.
Great sound, Sturdy Construction, comfortable over the ear fit. Perfect for 1st person shooters, I can hear them coming!
For the price, this is Best headset Ive ever used. Nice construction, light weight and soft on your head. I even bought one for my friend after I had to return his defective Turtle Beach headset that was a birthday present. Id buy HyperX again and again.
Great sound whether it be music, movies or gaming. Strong bass; crisp treble. Great drivers for the ear terminals and the mic is great. HyperX youve won over an Astro gamers heart. (proud owner of A40s from 2007-2018)
They work great and theyre very comfortable. Comes with a naugahyde or felt your cups. Nobody can hear what Im hearing but it does not block out much of the sound in the room. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars.
After 3 years mine finally broke, and they werent treated very kindly during those three years. Very good mic and sound quality, does everything it promises. From my personal purchase I completely recommend them and have no regrets of the purchase.
I purchased these headphones about a year and a half ago and these are still going strong with a minor issue that I will try to resolve via warranty. These headphones are incredibly comfortable. I can wear them for hours and they still feel comrtable. I prefer the plush ear cups they come with over the suede ones because of how soft they are. As for the sound quality, amazing. I play Siege very often and the 7.1 surround sound has been absolutely a game changer. Being able to hear the direction of where enemies are adds a whole new factor that I wasn’t completely aware of before. The volume controls and mic sensitivity controls are easily accessible via the controller midway on the line. The line is also incredibly long, maybe too long? You’re also able to turn off and on the 7.1 surround for the controller which is convienent. My small issue is one of the drivers gets “buzzy” when there’s a lot of bass. Kingston says on their support page this is fixed by updatin the driver but I haven’t noticed a difference after updating. This issue is minor for me but will be soon entering a support ticket  to test the warranty and customer service since a previous review mentioned it’s pretty bad. Overall: Quality headphones that do everything I need them to do for a reasonable price. I recommend them
Read reviews and got suggestions on what headset to get for playing games on the PS4 and this is the one I went with. Definitely made the right choice! Great sound, quality, comfort. Very high end feel to them right out of the box. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a very good gaming headset for around $100. Well worth that price!
My 14 year old loves them
I cant even describe how great these are. This is probably the best piece of hardware you can get for games like Overwatch. I can hear so much more than my logitech desktop speakers, and from every angle. I just got them earlier today and have been playing since I got them and out of 4 competitive games I havent lost one as a solo queue-er IN BRONZE. Theyve helped me tremendously.  I would recommend to everyone! Very reasonable price. Note: this is an honest review, I have not received these for free or am affiliated with the company. theyre just an excellent product, hands down. No complaints.
Easy to set up. Sounds great. The voice control box is a nice feature. All around excellent headset for gaming and music. Im a happy customer.
Simply the Best!
These fit the bill for a decent gaming headset. The build quality and aesthetics are very good, they are comfortable, and the built in microphone works well. My only complaint is music quality isnt up to my taste, but thats not what these were designed (or priced) for. Male vocals can sound a little muddy. I have a pair of Audio Technica ATH-M50x headphones that I use for music and the clarity difference is noticeable. I will still recommend these for gaming though.
I did not purchase these through Amazon, because i could not wait 5 days. These are by far the best headset you can own for $100 or even some at a higher price point. Great sound, noise cancellation and superrr comfy. I am currently using these for PS4 and the mixer was previously not supported through the USB, so they had you plug right into the controller. It would be an absolute waste to do that since you lose the VSS/ audio quality. I found out that Hyper X had released a firmware update so you could run these through the USB port and enjoy everything the sound card mixer has to offer. There is only 1 gripe i have with these as i was hoping the controls on the mixer were Game Volume/ Chat Volume, but its not Chat Volume, its Mic Volume. I like to have the party chat a little lower than my game volume, but its not a huge deal. I owned the Gold Wireless previously and those are really good with a great mixer that lets you adjust game/party chat volumes, but these Hyper X cloud lls are miles above Golds for the same price. 9/10
Ridiculously comfortable! High quality mic and sound. I recommend them to everyone. I purchased them after reading reviews of several products.
Best headset I have ever owned. Lasts for years,great sound quality.
4.5 score (but would rather choose 5 stars over 4) Great for noise canceling and comfortable. I am a petite person and often have the problem of headsets being too large, but this one fits perfectly. Mic works great. I wish the volume could go up a bit more and in some cases at the highest volumes the sound can be a little crackly at times when, but neither are bad enough to say its not a worth while purchase. Its a little pricey as well, but Ive been satisfied with them.
If you game or need some stereo headphones, I think these are the best for under $100. The mic is good, the sound quality is great and there are lots features such as plug and play, 7.1 surround sound, detachable microphone, etc.
Very comfortable headset, lightweight, no complaints really
These have been some of the best headphones Ive worn. I had to change out the rubber/plastic ear pieces for the foam ones because itd make my ears pretty hot but after changing to the foam these have been solid.
This headset is nicely made and sounds alright but the audio and mute controls are on a separate dongle that has a USB port at the end and isn’t usable with Xbox. Basically the features they talk up noise cancelling, simulated 7.1 surround etc are only for pc/mac. My mistake I guess because it says you need the adapter for Xbox but I figured they meant if you had the old controller wth no 3.5mm headphone jack you would need the adapter. Not you can’t turn up the volume or mute your mic unless you have the adapter. I won’t be spending $25 on top of the $99 I already spent for a headset that still won’t have surround sound or noise canceling. Look elsewhere for an Xbox headset. I gave it 4 stars as it would be a nice purchase if not for this flaw but I’m returning it. Hopefully this saves someone else some time.
So blessed I got this for 30% off on Black Friday. Its an amazing product. Im a YouTube content creator who does gaming and my audio is now a lot better. Looks cool, too! The Hyper X brand is very prestigious considering its used by NaVi.
Ive had 2 pairs of the original clouds and currently own the 2s. Im honestly flabbergasted by some of the negative reviews. Im not discounting their experience but Ive owned 3 pair of these and theyve all been fantastic. I also own a pair of steelseries 800s and artic 5s and the hyper xs are just the better headset. They are incredibly comfortable, Ive been asked several times when chatting online what headset I have because the mic was clear and crisp. Ill be getting the hyperx alphas next because I have so much faith in their products.
We have bought this headset before and when my old one of a different band crapped out I decided to get another on of these. The only downside is I am now unable to hear when by girlfriend is talking in the room. She thinks I am ignoring her.
The most comfortable headphones I’ve ever worn.
10/10 this my second buy.Excellent
Sound quality is great, and the 7.1 surround is the best Ive ever heard from any other headset Ive used.The mic is great too; it didnt pick up my loud typing just my voice. Make sure to really push the mic into the headphones, so the mic is actually connected.
Extremely comfortable with amazing sound quality.  Easily the best headset Ive ever owned.
I gotta admit, I was surprised when I took a look back and these were actually more 30$ more new than when I bought them on release day for 70$. I have had these for probably around 6 months now and I have not been disappointed. I havent been impressed by the sound-quality of mid-range headphones in a long time but these are different! Especially when you have them connected via usb with the 5.1 enabled the sound is eargasm worthy. It just sounds stellar. I cannot recommend these enough! EVen though it is a little bit more to purchase them now, if you do not have a pair you should definitely give them a try!! The only complaint I have about them is they kind of make my ears sweat some after long sessions with them.
Super comfortable headset and I use it all the time. I originally bought this to use for voice chat but it was so comfortable and the sound is so good that I ended up using it for tons of things like single player games or even just listening to music. The 2 different sets of ear pads that come with it are both great in different ways. I personally use the cloth ones rather than the leather ones because the cloth ones dont block outside sound so thats good it kind of acts like a sidetone in a way. Highly highly recommend this headset for anyone. I have also heard that my voice sounds really clear when people talk to me online.
Amazing sound quality. You just cant beat these speakers unless you go ultra premium. The mic isnt the best quality out there but it works clearly. The built-in noise suppression is absolutely amazing. My only complaint is that the "7.1 Surround Sound" USB card setting is pointless. Just dont use it. The mic and headset volume adjustment buttons work well and is a bit clunky but not in the way.
A++
A good product to use
Perfect
Comfortable on the ears
HyperX over-delivers with this headset. They were produced just as promised and shipped very well in premium packaging. Additionally, the headphones have great sound quality with their unique stereo system along with two individual sets of leather and velour ear pads that do end up creating a semi noise-canceling effect. If you are not one for leather pads, switch to velour pads(and vice versa). Overall, if anyone is looking for a: durable, streamlined, comfortable, well-priced headset that you can use for gaming, entertainment, or even travel- this is where your search ends.
The only problem I have with this headset is that the mixer is only on the PC part and not on console. Still an amazing headset. 9/10 would recommend for anyone who wants a high quality inexpensive headset
Ive never had consistent access to what seems like a quality headset until this HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset for PC. The sound is more satisfying than the earbuds that come with Samsung and Apple products. This headset rests comfortably on my head. The 3.5mm jack can be unplugged from the USB cable (which has volume, mic, and 7.1 toggle), and it reaches about 107cm (~42 inches) from the left side (where the mic boom is). The one downside is that the mic boom attaches at an inset opening with square corners--a generic mic boom doesnt fit. I would like it better if it was easier to remove the mic boom.
LOVE this headset. It is just a little weird when you plug it in sometimes, and sometimes if you move the part where the audio jack is plugged in for the usb, but other than that it is great. I use it for both Xbox one and PC.
Can sometimes hurt ears with prolonged wear but other than that, great.
I love these.  They are the most comfortable headphones Ive found.  The sound is good but I get complaints when talking about the mic cutting out unless I have it placed very close to my mouth.
Works as expected.
One of the best headsets specially now for ps4. high in quality low in weight perfect for gaming.
LOVEIT ONE LOVE A MASTERPIECE
This headset is the best Ive ever owned. Ive gone through so many different pairs of headsets throughout my life growing up as a gamer; this pair raises the bar for what I will consider good in the future. Every headset Ive ever owned has broke within half a year of buying it, but this one Ive had for almost a year and is still going strong. I wear glasses so headsets hurt my ears, but the padding makes it feel like Im not even wearing glasses under the headset. Ive personally recommended this headset to at least five of my friends when they have asked, and I will continue to in the future.
Great quality headset. Comfortable and good mic quality, no static mic sound.
Got them for my son, hes a gamer and says they are very good, especially the surround sound it has. I guess I made a great choice!!
I tried to buy a pair of Razer Blacksharks on here, but everyone advertising they had them didnt actually have them.  So I looked for another brand.  I like Razers, but they only come in plastic posts, and I travel for work a lot.  My last Razers broke at the earpiece, unrepairable.  I found these, and they had excellent reviews, so I bought them.  Ive only had them two days, but so far I absolutely love them.  The posts are very strong metal, they feel very solid and well built.  This particular set comes in a nice box, with foam rubber cut outs to hold everything.  They have leather ear covers on them, and come with a replacement pair of felt ear covers, very nice.  They also come with a double plug adapter and a USB adapter.  And a nice mesh bag to carry them in.  Finally, the mouth piece can be unplugged if you want to use them as pure earphones (or if you need to have a new microphone boom for some reason). All in all, love them so far.  Great sound quality, and good at masking background sounds.  (if you plug it into the USB adapter the cord can stretch about 8 feet).
This is by far one of the best headsets I have ever owned: Pros: -Good sound quality -Long cord (when attached to USB extension that comes with) -Great mic quality -Detachable mic, sturdy build, and included bag make transporting it a breeze -Different adapters for your different needs -No tangle cord and a convenient, sturdy clip Personal Pros: -Great packaging, easily stored (if for some reason you want to store it??) -Though I wouldnt call it unreasonable since the quality is great, the price is a little higher than Im used to paying, but worth it Cons: -None as of this writing, though with use I may return and update with any issues
Best pair of headphones I ever owned great sound quality for the price but can’t adjust game from mic volume (sad face)
Most comfortable headset I have used with my glasses and the ONLY ones I can wear all day and not have hurting my ears/head. It has GREAT sound. Its true that for gaming you hear every little sound. I dont actually use it that much for gaming but when I do its really nice. My primary use is for transcription. It has as as clear of sound as any transcription specific headphones and the vocals come through as clearly as they could which is vital to this job. I only have two complaints. In some devices, somehow it doesnt plug in all the way. It plugs in enough that I get the sound in the headphones, but the sound actually still comes out of the device too like its not registering that some thing is plugged in. I dont think its the device because this has happened on multiple devices and other headphones dont do that on those same devices. Also when I was buying this I called their customer service to see if this more expensive one with the usb adapter would add any better quality/clarity of the sound in the context of using it for transcription or if it was ONLY for adding the dolby surround sound. I was told it would add more clarity to my mono channel recordings so I shelled out the dough. After I bought it I called for something else and asked again because I wasnt noticing a difference. Another rep told me the opposite. That it was only for the surround sound (which is useless to me for my purposes). I have compared it with the usb vs the just straight to the headphone jack and there is zero difference since Im listening to mono audio. Thats fine. The sound is clear enough. My issue is more that I spent more based on what the company told me when I didnt need to and the cheaper one would have sufficed.
Ive gone through countless amounts of headsets throughout my years of gaming, whether its on console or pc and these were hands down the best ones ive purchased. Crisp clear clean sound. Very durable compared to other headsets with plastic frames. Super comfortable and good price!
Would absolutely recommend this headset. I came from the Razer Kraken Pro V2 and I can definitely say the Cloud 2s are the better choice. The leather and metal combination is very appealing not to mention very aesthetic (Go with the black and red one because it looks a lot nice than the gun metal but that is just my opinion). It doesnt say verified purchase because I bought this at target with a gift card. Overall amazing sound quality, superior build compared to other headsets, and great for rainbow six siege (started even hearing Cavs footsteps) so really great. The mic is also perfect, there is no back ground noise ie. typing and voice is always loud and clear according to the randoms i play with.
Really great headset. Sound quality is superb. Only downside is no mute button and that makes it kind of frustrating for me while gaming.
One of the BEST HEADSETS I have ever owned. It so so comfortable I feel as if I get lost for hours playing video games or watching videos. The surround sound enhances my experience in gaming and is such a great feature. The audio is great and mic works perfect. For some reason even though my mic is at max it seems to be a little quite which is alright with me. My friends also said it is less clear than my former Logitech G230s. Otherwise beside the mic it is perfect and everything I expected from HyperX.
Had these for about 6 months now and they are comfy and functional. Use them with mumble when playing Overwatch to talk with friends and the mic works fine.
I bought these believing they would provide decent sound quality for the price. Boy was I surprised. The headphones are very comfortable. The sound is refined and easy to listen to.  The bass extension is excellent. They have decent high frequency noise rejection. My primary uses are music and tv in stereo.
Amazing! Usually a big Logitech person but I decided to go with these and they are amazing!
Amazing headset still I cant decide if Im a Razer fan or HyperX
Great playback sound quality, fits well.  Microphone is too quiet, which is a well-known issue according to all the posts about it on the internet.  There are a few workarounds you can use, but it should have been fixed by now.
Great headset. The sound quality is amazing and it can perform surround sound very well.
Absolutley love these. My friends tell me how they would yell my name, practically screaming it, and I couldnt hear them.
First thing I did when I opened the box: Put in on. "Ahhhhh..." And, Ive got to say, this is the most comfortable headset Ive worn. (Coming from a Razer Kraken headset wearer).  Microphone quality is excellent, as I have tested it with my friends on Discord/TS3; as they have said I sound a lot clearer. In addition, the sound is excellent; I only need roughly "4" on the volume mixer to hear everything clear. (As my old headset: ~6-8.) If I could buy this product again, I would. Highly recommend!
Lovely headset for the price. Perfect sound, I actually like the 7.1 surround sound a lot for shooter games, though for others it seems to have strange effects (adds reverb and atmospheric effects seemingly). For PUBG though it is awesome. I also think it makes music FAR better too. It gives it a much fuller sound with greater depth. Much more enjoyable experience. People on here have been complaining about the mic, but for me it works perfectly. It picks my voice up clear as a bell with perfect volume, and it doesnt pick up my extraordinarily loud mechanical keyboard whatsoever. I for one couldnt be happier with my purchase here, and I strongly recommend this headset to anyone. Its certainly not soundproof, but it does provide nice insulation.
Connection cable into headset feels loose. Pre-installed, non removable 3.5mm cable from the headset is short and could be a little longer for use with music on your mobile device like headphones. Removable microphone is really cool and adds a reason to use it as headphones and a headset. Mute button on USB control panel sometimes doesnt work. Its comfortable. You can really hear the difference with the 7.1 surround sound. Has another pair of ear cups to swap out if needed. Noise cancelling is good.
Great product, great quality, and great sound but one thing the USB connection onto the PS4 doesnt work if there could be a update to help support this device with the USB connection would be perfect because that would only make this 100% perfect
Just confirming in case you though the other 3,000 great reviews were suspect.... I cant say anything that hasnt already been said.
They work but they dont sound good for the price point. Bought a cheaper pair a while back and they sounded better. Good hesdset but could of been better for this price.
The best headset Ive ever used. Ive used things from Razer and Logitech and it just doesnt compare to these headphones.
Such a great headset! Use on Xbox one and PS4 for gaming. Works perfect and can hear footsteps on shooters very good. Always know which direction the enemy is closing in from.
Love them. Can here cricket and flies buzzing on Pubg
Love this headset! First one I got where it was perfect out of the box. I can hear everything bery clearly. The only weird thing I noticed was when I use the 7.1 surround aound, it feels like more is coming out of the right ear then the left, but maybe thats just me.
Sounds great. Works well. No problems at all.
I LOVE this headset!  The sound quality is awesome and its very comfortable.  I am hard of hearing but can hear crystal clear though these.  Highly recommend.
Rerfecet gaming and movie experience. Not very good on music playing. So if you want to play games or watch movies.Its a good option.
Love it I have no problems except for one thing. The clip on the back of the buttons broke easily but because of my fault for pulling it to far back, if your looking to buy this headset don’t pull the clip to far back or it would snap like mine.
Best mic Ive had for the price and I love it. Only thing is you cant hear yourself to know how loud you are but that is very minor.
My husband loves these... they’re awesome for him since they cancel out my nagging apparently  Lol
Its comfy and cancels outside noise. Audio sounds great. Best gift ever for the husband.
Very comfortable and lightweight. Would have gotten 5 stars if it didnt let in so much outside noise. but that is my only complaint. i cannot speak to the 7.1 aspect as i bought these for use with my XBOX so it only does strereo.
Extremely nice, has the best sound quality for a headset of this price. The detachable microphone is great and doesn’t pick up ambient noise. The only part that peeves me is the over the ear cups, but that is off set by the extra replacement cups of a spongy material. Overall this is a great product, and worth the price.
Great product had it for four years before it started to die on me. I’d say it was moderately abused on my end though as I would sleep with the headset on in my bed. Bad idea though, the sound started to die off because the wires started to get bent. Again totally my fault. I had to fiddle around with the wire near the actual headset to get sound to come out. Couldn’t deal with it so I bought myself a new headset from this same company. Again great product, my fault for killing them, will treat my new headset much better. :D
Great sound quality. You can hear enemy movement on the other side of a wall with ease. Noise cancelling is great both on the mic and the headset. The cushions allow for hours of gameplay or movie watching with ease. BUT although the 7.1 Dolby surround sound button works, the other in-line volume controls don’t work.
This headset has great sound quality great build quality and great microphone quality. works with my xbox and my ps4 and i use it day to day on my pc. Recently had the left ear go out (after two years of ownership) and i contacted kingston and they had a new headset at my house in two weeks.
amazing headset feels premium ,built like a tank, sounds amazing only concern is the longevity of the cable of it as its not detachable (not replaceable), and although this is not that important but why my carrying bag doesnt have the outer pouch for the mic and the usb dongle (dont want it dangling around there scratching the headphones)?
Love it
Just not loud enough. If you could adjust the high/mid/low range a mixer, that would be good to add ad well. This is better peiced that some headsets of the same quality though. I dont remember this geadset being easy to store, either. Removable mics and folding earpieces would be better.
Haven’t had a single problem with it. It’s comfortable and a great price
Love these very comfortable and versatile headphones
These headphones were for my 16 year old grandson.  He said they were the best he ever had, and he loves them!
I was inappropriately excited for these headphones, having lived a mournful life, using garbage headphones, indubitably offensive to the gods. I also was seeking a microphone that would cancel out the drivel of the world around me, while allow me to broadcast these golden vocal chords for the betterment of mankind. After these stallions were crafted in the sacred places of Asgard, I was delivered an holy box, blessed by Father Odin himself, which was promised to withstand the fires of Ragnarok, and I found it not lacking, NAY, NOT ONE BIT! *ahem* I freed this divine relic from the coffer which held it bound post haste and thrust it upward to the heavens with all the strength I could muster through my biceps, now rippling from the blessing of Mighty. I gave thanks to Thor, who roared a deafening crash of thunder and streaked the sky in marvelous lightning. I brought these blessed headphones down slowly and spread them over my perfectly quaffed hair to rest thereon below. At once I was overwhelmed by the astonishing elation that coursed through me. It seemed as if Freya herself had placed her impossibly soft and supple hands over mine ears and the music springing from the everlasting electroacoustic devices shocked me to the core! What manner of creation is this? How, thought I, could anything be so awe-inspiring, honed and refined? Adventurer, fear not and find solace in these headphones.
if you are buying this for a xbox it does not come with volume control. I was pretty upset it only has volume control for the pc. Other then that they are a great head set very comfortable to wear pretty good at noise cancelling too.
Given the cost, these are a very good headset.  Purchased for my son for the holidays and was looking for something more mid range, then high end dollar.  Read reviews both here and on other sites before pulling the trigger on this model.  Noise cancel really well, cant hear much outside of your gaming universe with these bad boys one.  Would recommend to others.
Good headset for gaming
Super Comfy and great sound quality.
great sound quality and all around build amazing and at first i thought braided cables would be good but they chronically twist up to the point where i have to unplug it and untwist it
legitimately so loud that i have to keep them at about half the volume of my steelseries pair. bass is solid
The best headset Ive ever used. Super comfy, great sound quality.
Very Great headset!
everything but mic quality is amazing but the mic is just terrible like 4 out of 10 bad
Needed to replace my Razer Kraken headphones and found these. These headphones are awesome, you definitely get what you pay for! They are lightweight and very comfortable, have had no issues wearing them for long periods of time. The sound is also very good. I definitely recommend picking these headphones up if you are a gamer!
Very well made headset and comfortable for long gaming sessions. Audio clarity is top notch. Well worth the price.
Still a great headset, Just now saw i hadnt reviewed it yet. Bought it 2 plus years ago.  Comfy for hours at a time.  No complaints
Theyre very breathable with the secondary ear peice attachments they provide. The ones that come attached with it, my ears were heating up after 5 minutes. I attached the other ones on and I was able to play without my ears heating up. And of course the sound quality is amazing, definitely recommend these for the great price ($70).
A great pair of headphones. They are very comfortable, have great audio quality and have a nice length to the cord while it being either USB or 3.5mm. Love the audio control box and mic muting. My only gripe is that the mic never stayed attached properly and every time i moved my head it would disconnect or fall out but when it did stay in properly the mic quality was amazing and easy to use.
Ive had mine for over a year now and its held up extremely well. Bang for your buck these compete well with higher end headsets.
No why its called cloud~!
Received, in excellent condition, out of the box it is wonderful, the mic is clear and sure it isnt the best but hey as long as others can hear your voice clearly thats all that matters. To the kids who think this should sound as good as a studio condenser microphone, look towards a ModMic5 if thats your taste.
Great headset! Warning, there is no audio feedback for your own voice, so you tend to yell because you cant monitor your own volume. Not a big issue. There are settings on your PC to fix this, but your voice will be delayed, causing more of a distraction. Otherwise, great headset!!
Amazing never had any problems very good with the 7.1 surround sound
This review has broken my long standing "I never write reviews" stance. I purchased this headset in June of 2016. The performance has been great, sound, microphone, my personal favorite is the stitched covering..a nice touch. Nevertheless, this review is about the customer service I received when the USB connector broke. First, I tried the online customer service option. The representative (whos name I did not get) was quick to confirm that this product has a 2 year warranty and my issue was in fact covered. Sweet! I typically get screwed over in these situations, so I was not expecting that. They had to transfer my online chat to tech support to create a case for me, OK no problem...But, that wasnt a positive experience as I kept getting kicked lower in the queue. So, I decided to just call customer service...on Friday...after 5..the week before Thanksgiving. (They are only Monday-Friday until 6pm) I get Eric and I tell him the whole story. First thing this guy says? "Dont worry, well take care of you." Eric asks for some personal info and says that Ill receive another email in the next couple of business days. I had a couple of questions and he was really cool about answering them. The following Monday I have a couple of thoroughly explained e-mails from Stephanie. One is a pre-paid return label and the replacement was being sent out separately. I returned the damaged part on Wednesday, my replacement arrived on Black Friday. The ABSOLUTE best customer service I have received for any product! So, if the price tag is an issue for you, consider the warranty and the great replacement process.
finally a durable nice pair of headsets for a reasonable price. got these on prime day for 70$ and i love them already. the only complaint i have and this is one with most gaming headsets is the cord is just stupid long. My computer is right next to me (less then 2 feet away) i dont need a 6-7 foot cord. it would be nice if companies started added a detectable extension cord to headsets so i could shorten it if i wanted. or a little Velcro strip on the cord so i could wrap it up and strap it to shorten it.
Nice
Works when you plug them in. Had the corsair set before, nothing but troubles. Great sound and comfortable.  Only complaint is the mic boom. It doesnt swivel, so its in the way when not using.  You can detach the mic if it bothers you too much.
Son says ok if on offer
Works pretty damn good.
Great value and awesome sound quality especially at the price point
These headphones are so good they took me from being terrible at Fortnite to only being slightly terrible.  You can hear clearly all in-game sounds,directionality and FX.  The mic from what I am told, sounds great on the other end of the wire with smooth clear tones. Buy these and you will not be disappointed!
good
Very comfortable.
Very comfortable and great sound/mic quality.
If any of you are currently using a Turtle beach headset get rid of it and buy this, I had the XO4s; lets just say I dont use them anymore.  This thing blows them out of the water.  I have one problems with this headset is that I bought it a couple of days early, it went on sale a day or two after I ordered but still definitely worth the $100.
One of the best noise  canceling headsets  I ever bought
Tried and true, used by pros and casuals alike. Amazing and comfortable!!
These  are amazing  I had bought them for my grandson bday and I got some for myself too so I can play and hear him the surround sound is off the chain you’ll be hear so much more they can be used for a lot of formats, Xbox one, ps4, Iphone, pc ,
This is my first gaming headset and I will never go back to the cheaper ones. These also came with a carrying bag, different attachments for different platforms, and has a detachable mic. All around amazing product and was delivered quicker than Mr. McFeely express mail.
Reliable comfortable and good quality that you can expect from Hyper X only downside is the jack gets unplugged from the sound card very slightly sometimes and the mic wont work but the sound will
great sound, comfortable
I did a ton of research and reviews for a good pair of gaming headhones for my xbox one x. Xbox not having 7.1 i understood i would only get stereo quality sound at best. I have to say these fantastic headphones. The only thing i didnt like about them is they did not reach a very high volume powered by the controller. I have no research on the 7.1 or with p.c. i just tried with console, but they did work great and where loud enough i suppose. The mic was very clear and didnt pick up any background noise whatsoever for me. Wish it had a stronger mic monitoring but just had to use built in xbox version. Aside from that ome of the most comfortable headphones i have ever worn. I am currentlt using the cloud alphas the new version of these. I have to sah they sound a ton better, alot louder but the earcups are closer and when worn for prolong times can cause ear pain so may be returning those as well for the revolver s.
Sound goods even better on PC with the EQ buttons.
Good head set.  Great packaging.  The 7.1 only works with pc not compatible with x box.  Very, very good construction.  They feel like they will last years!  Sound is great, mic is very crisp with no echoing at all.  Only wish, there was a way to really fine tune the game volume/game chat/mic mirroring.  The x box settings arent adjustable enough for my liking. I would buy again!
The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset is great for any gamer that needs quality sound to excel in their gameplay, or for anyone that wants to listen to music, YouTube, etc. in peace because of its noise cancellation ability.  I personally find the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset to have great comfort, sound quality, microphone, and durability.  The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset has by far been my favorite gaming headset that I have used, and it is very affordable for the quality of the headset.  I will be rating the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset out of 5 stars for each category. Comfort (4.5 stars) The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset comes with very comfortable memory foam ear pads that fit snug around your ears and does not become too tight around your head.  The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset also comes with a second pair of ear pads that that are made of cloth and softer material; however, you lose the noise cancellation.  So, if you are going for more comfort and are in a quite place, these would be great! Sound quality (5 stars) The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset comes with 7.1 Virtual Surround Sound.  The sound is very clear and enhances your experience, as if it is first hand.  It also has an adjustable microphone and headphone volume remote attached to the cable that is great to adjust the volume on the fly. Microphone (4.5 stars) The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset has a detachable noise cancellation microphone that is adjustable to move closer or farther away from your mouth. Durable (5 stars) The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset frame is made of aluminum, and has not been scratched with my use of it so far.  The headset cable is very durable and does not tangle with its 9-foot-long cable, because they are fully braided cables. Overview All things considered, I would highly recommend the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset for anyone who is looking for a fantastic headset that performs with all the top-notch headsets for far less money.  I would give the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset 4.75/5 stars for its great comfort, sound quality, microphone, and durability.
I dig these head phones. Super comfy, not all cheap plastic or gimmicky lights.  Sound with my Xbox one is really clear and rich.  Directional surround sound seems pretty accurate.  I feel I can hear the directions sounds are coming from.  Only complaint I have is you cannot hear yourself though the  headphones when on mic. Overall a great deal on headphones that dont look like toys.
This is an amazing headset for the money compared to most top tiered headsets - I only buy HyperX headsets now - bought another one for my wife to use when she games out.  Love it!
They’re hecka good and the sound is amazing
Headset is very nice quality, mic is average. Cord tagles like a bitch lmao.
So Comfortable you forget you are wearing them. Great noise cancelling. Very happy with my purchase. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great headset that does not break the bank.
This headset is very nice for the price. Good sound quality, mic doesnt echo back or anything of the sort. Fits very nice and is extremely comfortable. My only complaint is that the volume control is on the USB attachment, and not directly on the aux cable. It makes it impossible to use on Xbox, and very difficult and annoying to use on my PS4. Otherwise, a great headset.
These things are SOLID. Superb quality, clearly uses top end components. Have been through a string of bad quality headphones... finally went for these... not looking back. Top product.
They are the most comfortable pair of headsets Ive ever owned. Really like the removable mic.
Amazing sound quality . Very good quality . Only problem was the 7.1 surround system is probably worse than stereo
good so far.
My son loves this!
Love them. The 7.1 surround sound is amazing and does make a difference in game. Feels nice and comfy too!
Nice quality headphones had version 1 and decided to go v2 I was happy
These are so expensive. We bought it because of the digital rendering of the sound which was great... however the primary user is 9 years old. Yeah. As you imagine, kids dont do a very good job of taking care of things.... were replacing them with a cheaper set as were anticipating that they will also go out in the same fashion. Take care of your gear and theyll carry you without having you spend more money.
Holy hell, let me start out by stating that these headphones are comfortable as an angels buttocks.  Imagine being enveloped by the bosom of Aphrodite herself and that is this headset.  Hands down amazing, I would recommend it to my best friend!
After trying on my sons Cloud 2 I had to have a set, in fact I went to a box store instead of here because it was on the way home. I just now stopped game play to leave these short comments. I am 56 (not a kid), UN BELIEVABLY comfortable. Soft and makes my ears ring with the sound cancellation quietness. 2 different pads to choose from in the box. Quality heavy box. Comes with a Mesh carry sack with padding.
PERFECT!!
Bought it for a friend because it was recommended to me by a popular Rust streamer. My friend loves this headset, and he said it was super durable.
The sound and mic quality are both very good.the pads are comfortable and the detachable mic is pretty handy.
Love the headset...  Great sound.  would not recommend them for hours of use as I found the ear muffs uncomfortable.  However, I was not using the other muffs that came with it which may of been more comfortable for the long haul.  Great product though.
Pretty good headphones, mic is alright but not the best quality. Had to boost microphone with a third party program so -1 star but its okay
Using this for gaming on pc.  Works great and well worth the money.
Before I give my review there is one IMPORTANT thing all ps4 owners need to do to get the most out of the HyperX Cloud II headset. YOU MUST DOWNLOAD UPDATE ONLINE FOR THE HEADSET TO WORK CORRECTLY!!! To find the update goolge: "HyperX Cloud II Ps4 Update" It will direct you to the HyperX website and will take you from there! I absolutely love this headset! I orginally had Sony Golds (older version) and there were few major improvement I noticed from the start. First thing I noticed was how well the headset felt and fit on my head compared to my sony golds. Secondly, the sound. Compared to my old headset the HyperX Cloud II sounded much more clear and defined audio. Lastly, both myself and friends noticed how much better the HyperX headphones are compared to my old sony golds. My voice is much more clear and crisp over the mic! Highly recommend the HyperX Cloud II for the Ps4, just make sure you download the software update online! Happy Gaming!
Great headsets for games, comfortable and very good sound surround with a very good sound quality, but I feel no bass when in games which is something I missing from my old headset.
Great condition sound good every things perfect :)
great headphones, light and really block out the surrounding sounds,,i have people walk in the room and talk to me and i cant hear them when playing a game or listening to music,,,really durable, excellent set of head phones.
Exceptional improvement in hearing over previous headset, mic also has no trouble picking up everything that is said.  Was worth the price.  Be aware that it does lower noise more than some other headsets do for your surroundings, cant hear myself talking nearly as well as I used to and it threw me off a bit at first.
So Ive had these for almost 2 weeks now & I absolutely love them. I bought these with the intention of using them every day for browsing & Gaming on my Xbox One & Im sure glad I did. The leather ear pads that are already on the headset are nice, but I highly recommend putting on the memory foam ear pads instead. The leather pads can overheat fairly easily, whereas you can wear the memory foam pads for an extended period of time & not even notice theyre so comfortable. The sound is fantastic, whether you use just the stereo or the 7.1 surround sound. But using the 7.1 surround sound really does add another layer of quality to whatever youre listening to. This includes plugging them into your xbox one controller. The stereo sound lets you hear the game like never before. The mic quality is absolutely grand. The second I started using this, everyone instantly noticed how clear my voice was. The one negative though is that the wires connecting the ear cups to the head band are exposed, so those could possibly be yanked out if youre not careful. But honestly, there arent too many situations where that could happen, so thats why I didnt take a point off the review. Overall, a great product & worth every penny so far.
Holy... I have never heard anything like these before. You have to downgrade the firmware to 10 (Comes with 0030 installed) for the 7.1 to work on the PS4. When I did it was AMAZING! Just enough touch of bass to grab you. Easy distinguish "enemies" and where they are at. (COD WW2). The comfort is at least a 4.5. I wear glasses and there was no issue. No problems with sweaty ears and tjey block out around 80 percent of environment sounds. Hope they last!
Very good headset for even doing support calls. Very comfortable and high quality!
I did plenty of research before I bought these headphones and I made the right choice. I had a pair of Turtle Beach XO four headphones but the sound quality is not nearly as good as these. They are also good enough so that its hard to hear anything going on around you so that you stay fully immersed.
nice sound effect
Pros: Very Comfortable Sound great for music, movies, and games Microphone detaches Cons 7.1 seems kind of gimmicky The actual cord is a bit short if you don’t plug it into the “sound card”. Not great for on-the-go. For me, 5-Stars.
muy bien
These headphones deliver excellent sound quality and comfort. They are adaptable in that you can change the ear muffs out and remove the mic. These headphones also have excellent plug and play function, requiring zero software.
For your money there are few better deals. We have owned 3 of them in my house (dogs like to chew on things) I recommend them to everyone.
Great sound!
Great sound quality. surround sound is pretty good and the entire headset is actually as comfortable as the reviewers say.
Good product!
Definitely one of the better headsets Ive owned. Not sure that it does produce true 7.1 surround sound but the sound is great. They are on par with my old Turtle beach stealth wireless headset I used prior but these are slightly cheaper with better quality and superior comfort. Never tried the mic, I am a single player gamer for the most part so I cant vouch for it. Would buy again and highly recommend if your looking for the best mid-range headset on the market.
Excellent product and very comfortable as well. I got it to use with my Xbox One X, but cant really take advantage of the volume adjuster that only works with the USB jack. But besides that, its great!
Great sound,has more bass than what I was expecting. Works great with Xbox and pc. Comes with 2 sets of ear cuffs,one leather (pre-installed) and the other is a cloth material. Solid build quality.
Great headset. Fits really well. Sound proofing works well too. Sound is very clear. I’d recommend these if you want a good headset for not too much.
I have a black widow ultimate keyboard and I use to use apple earbuds you could imagine the pain my friends  went through on discord that being said it didn’t cancel the clicking of the keyboard completely but at least it’s tolerable only cutting in the mic sometimes but this is probably sensitive issues that can probably be fixed
Son loves it.  Heck we all love it because we dont have to hear him play his games
I like the design of these, the pop of color is appealing. These are comfortable to wear, on a regular basis, for general computer use. My husband is an avid gamer, Call Of Duty, etc., and says that they have good surround sound quality, but that the mic is very weak, and people have to keep telling him to speak up. Also, the adjustment piece, that adjusts the sound, etc., is located on the cord, which is not good, because you can accidently roll on it, with the desk chair or step on it.  We have had these for several months, and overall, I am still very pleased with them.
I have recommended this headset because of how good they are.
Great headset. Very durable and great sound. Very comfortable.
Got these for my son instead of the $250 ones he originally wanted but once researched discovered were not as nice as these.  He loves them and said they work great.  Now if I could only figure out how he could use voice modulation when he is playing with his friends online...
Solid product! It works well with no disappointments.
Very comfortable! The cord is long enough, and i like the volume/surround/mute button being on the cord rather than the headset itself. That way you can see what youre doing. The headset feels durable with its metal frame. The mic is removable, turning it into a pair of portable headphones which dont look ridiculous like some gaming headsets. They are incredibly sound canceling, almost too much so, as my girlfriend often sneaks up on me and scares the crap out of me while Im using these. You lose any and all situational awareness when wearing this headset. This is good as I can tune out distractions, but Id probably get burned alive before hearing the smoke alarm going off down the hall. The bass leaves a little to be desired at times. It seems "punchy" where my old headset would roar and rumble with explosions. My friends told me when I first got the headset that my mic was too loud, but adjusting my settings fixed this. All in all, a very solid headset, good for large headed gamers, and worth the price tag. If youre on the fence, get this headset. Pros -comfortable -sound cancelling -visible controls -long cord Cons -too sound canceling -lacking bass
Bought this for my sons new pc gaming set up. He uses them while playing on pc and xbox and so far no problems. He wanted these desperately and I was happy to get them on sale for 69.99 during the holiday season. Sound quality is and comfort levels are great. Would highly recommend.
Great headset. Love that the Mic can be easily taken off when not in use. Great headphones. The sound is GREAT.
These headphones are amazing!!! They are really durable and comfortable.
This headset is lit.
I bought this headset almost 2 years ago and can honestly say its the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn. I can wear this thing all day without even realizing Im wearing it. I personally think it sounds amazing as well (bear in mind I am no audiophile) and the mic quality isnt the best but its perfect for what I use it for, which is casual communication through programs like Discord. I love the detachable mic, and frequently take it in and out when Im not using it. The little travel bag it comes with is great for traveling and keeping the extra ear pads and mic plug in. I travel with it all the time and its amazing to be able to just plug it into a phone and have it give you great sounding music. Its very durable and easy to clean. Overall amazing headset that I will definitely buy again (if it ever breaks that is) and would recommend.
Looks good sounds good makes good came good
Great sound/quality. Comfortable as well
Not much bass. I had Astros before this and Id say Astros are better, but you cant beat this price. Also, these are a bit more comfortable (dont get as hot on the ears).
This headset is extremely comfortable and the sound quality is great. You can easily wear these for several hours without your ears hurting or sweating.
Best headset I have ever had. The sound quality is fantastic, noise cancellation is great. The only thing is the mic is VERY sensitive. So much so that people can hear things that are happening in other rooms of my house.
I really enjoyed the use of these headphones for normal gaming use. However after a year the left side of the head phones decided to short out and I can only hear outta the right. Very disappointing since I took great care of them. Ive had headsets that have lasted longer.
good
Sound quality is great. My original review mentioned a terrible mic. After getting the sound card replaced under warrenty (the USB adapter) it worked wonderfully! People can hear me very clearly. I love the 7.1 surround sound. The audio quality is down right amazing. I even use it for work as an Amazon csa. The headset itself is comfortable enough that I can wear it for hours taking calls or gaming. Its definitely a case of you get what you pay for.
Been a few months. Still top notch with 0 issues
Wish it had more bass, but then thats what the revolver is for, best headset Ive ever used.
fake surround sound doesnt work great but otherwise its excellent.
I have 2 boys that are relentless.... They have survived somehow this far. Had them for 6 months they still work.
I have a high end B*** on-ear headphones but Ive always had to add a mic as its not a gamer headset.  Recently a friend told me to look at these and at 1st I was reluctant but to my surprise they are just awesome and w/the included soft textured covers.. they are great for gaming for hours without sweating or discomfort!!  I have another friend & his headset every time he adjust the mic.. you hear a loud squeaking but the HyperX Cloud II never a squeak and the Sound Quality is just as Amazing.. just as good as any high end headset.  The included 7.1 Surround Sound.. really perks up the sound & you could hear a mouse fart!! ;) LOL
An amazing gaming headset
Sound so far has been pretty good but the chord is obnoxiously short.
good
One of the best headsets i ever bought other the my Arctis Pros theses are my new go to headsets from now on for Rainbow six
These headphones are awesome. I wear glasses so I needed something that would fit over the ear pieces and be comfortable and these headphones are extremely comfortable. The only draw back is that it can get a little warm wearing them but that would be the case no matter which ones you bought. I highly recommend these. I play a lot of video games and I find these work very well. They do seem to block out sound pretty well also. I have had the door bell ringing and all kinds of stuff happening and didnt know it until I was done playing my game. These are very nice especially for the price. I love the ear pieces as they are so soft and comfortable.I love them.
This headset is amazing! Very comfortable, I use it everyday for hours for the past 2 years. The only downfall is that my room gets a little warm, so it gets hot.
I watched many youtube reviews on different headset and settled down on the Cloud II. Many people say that Alpha is better than Cloud II. And they say the virtual 7.1 sound card for cloud II is a gimmick. After using it for a few days, I can tell you its not a gimmick. It really does make games like Battlefield 1 sounds better. I have to say the 7.1 sound doesnt make it much easier to locate nearby enemy by just listening to their footstep, but you definitely know that someone is nearby. This is very helpful. As for daily use, cloud II has the best sound quality of all headsets Ive ever owned. People say Alpha sounds better. I never tried Alpha. Im happy with Cloud II. Also, I purchased my cloud II for $79 instead of $99. Alpha still costs $99. So thats one more reason to go with cloud II. In conclusion, Cloud II is a very good all around headset though it is advertised as gaming headset. For gamers, the 7.1 sounds is useful. Maybe non-gamers should consider Alpha.
The headset sound is amazing but if you’re gaming don’t use the surround sound it’ll throw off directions but for music the surround sound is great. The mic is pretty weak as far as sound goes. To other people you are very quiet and setting need to be turned up to be heard well. I feel that they went all out on the headset and forgot about the mic. That being said I would buy these again as I need the sound more than the mic although the Hyperx Cloud Flights is something I want to upgrade to
These headphones  are great, however...IF YOU ARE USING THESE FOR PS4 YOU NEED TO UPDATE THE FIRMWARE ON THE DONGLE!! if you dont  it will be too quiet, which is annoying. Its a simple process that can be found on the website. Just Google hyperx dongle firmware  and follow the directions. Great headset, just annoying that it wasnt ready out of the box,  I almost returned them. Luckily I did some research.
Couldn’t be happier with this headset
These are great! Im an audiophile but I didnt want to spend that kind of cash on gaming headphones as theres not much point but these far exceeded my expectations.
Simply 5 star best product I bought
This is product is amazing. I would not use any other headset than this. The quality of this product is way better than a turtle beach or an astro headset. Along with the great quality, the price is also really affordable. If I had to buy another one I would. I spent almost 200 dollars on Astro a50 gaming headsets and they broke. They dont feel as comfortable as Hyper X cloud 2. The cloud 2 is easy to use and you just plug it into your computer. No software that I know of. Ive been using this for a few months and I am really satisfied.  This is worth it from the price.
High quality sound + virtual surround 7.1. only one problem is ear hurting.
Great sound quality and the microphone broadcasts very well too. Love the microphone is on a soft "boom" and can be re positioned easily.
These were great I only chose the alphas over these because of the sound quality but these come with mesh ear pads which the hyperx Alphas dont come with so now my ears always sweat a little.
My first headset.  It does what youd expect.  Mine dies intermittently now, after three years of almost daily gaming, so its time to get a new headset. While I certainly got my moneys worth out of it, its still a disappointment to throw away something that appears perfectly good. Pros: 1. The flexible microphone boom stays put.  The ability to to unplug the microphone was never of any consequence. 2. Its comfortable.  Im rubbing my ears after four or five hours, but its a comfortable headset. This was very important to me. Cons: 1. It cannot be turned off.  If you want to stop using it, you unplug it.  Seems minor, but if you use it a bunch, then youre going to mechanically wear your USB port and its mounting. 2. The cord tangles, which may have contributed to the death of my set.  Its just more mechanical wear and tear on the headsets components.
Oh man are these great headphones! If you have a similar set up to mine and as much playtime in a day as me you are going to love these hassle free headphones for gaming. I have my pc on my desk and my xbox one just above it, I keep the usb cord plugged in and plug the actual headset into it when ever I decide to play pc, then just easily switch from that to xbox one, just plug and play. Comfort on these is great, your ears do not get fatigued so fast, the longest Ive had these on was on a Sunday for about 8 to 9 hours taking them off maybe for about 3 or 5 minutes for any reason. The only time you feel your ears get tired is when you take them off your ears will feel sore after long use, but again only when you take them off not during use. This would be a 5 star review but something that I didnt see at the time and was not mentioned anywhere was that if you do use these with an xbox one controller you will not have the control piece attached to the cord so muting yourself with me annoying at times. I would do it through the guide or just unplug the cord. All in all I am happy with this bad boy, get the job done with comfort.
Worth the money
Sounds great. Controls are easy. Easy to setup. But for some reason my Mic was really low out of the box I have to keep the Mic directly under my lip. Which I guess is better than having a mic that is way too loud. It works better now. Not sure what I did though
Really Great! It’s a very strong holding headset with metal farms, but don’t let that sacred you, it is super  comfortable and stable, with leather use as the ear cups! But the only thing I can find wrong with it it’s the wire, Although it’s Braided, the part we’re it connect to the head phones feel loose, but no, it’s not a deal breaker and it’s defently better then any other  budget-ish headphones!
Fantastic sound, comfort and spatial awareness but it has a mediocre mic. For starters the mic is quite quiet, youll have to update the firmware for the headset to fix it but even then it doesnt totally fix it. The sound cancellation on the mic works very well, but thats about the only upside to the mic. Pick up a Cloud Alpha or Revolver if you want a decent mic, currently Im using this headset without the mic and instead using a nice condenser mic I just picked up.
I sold my Astro A50s due to constant cut outs and docking issues.  I was not sure where my expectations were with these as the sound quality of the Astros are difficult to match.  I have to say that these are worth the asking price.  Biggest thing for me, comfort.  You will not find a headset that will match the comfort level these provide. The durability seems good and they look great.  This product would of received 5 stars if it werent for one thing: settings controls for xbox 1.  I do not like that I have to go to audio settings to control my volume/mute.  The volume control for pc that is included should work for xbox as well.  4 stars
All that I can say is these are amazing.  I wasnt sure what to expect but had read good reviews.  The quality is great and the features and ability to use the sound card and controls along with 7.1 on the PC are awesome.  Can also use on my xbox and phone with regular jack.
Mic is good, nice cord. Only complaint is if you wear glasses it can get a little uncomfortable after long sessions of wearing them
very good
Good headset for gaming.
MY GRAND SON USES THIS EVERY DAY,SO FAR SO GOOD
I like the headset but the buttons don’t work so I can’t control volume or mute my mic without having to just unplug it. If buttons worked it would be a 5/5 for me
I purchased these for my teen son for Christmas two years ago.. These are the ones he picked out himself.  He is still using the same headset two years later.
So comfortable and sound great, love them
Perfrecto
OMG! OH @$#%! ON BOARD THE HYPE TRAIN! My friend wouldnt let me hear the end of it if I admitted it, so Ill just spread the love on Amazon reviews. Got these from a MicroCenter for $100 and ARE EVERY BIT WORTH THE MONEY. For weeks I complained about not wanting to spend another $100 so I can voice chat with my friends during games. So what did I do? I went and researched for ages on the best cheap/budget headphones on Amazon... tried a couple and returned them all. Even using the best budget headphones, my friends said "you sound like garbage". And thus defeated, I went to the store and begrudgingly bought these. Went home and was very impressed with the packaging, but for $100 I thought it dang well better be. But then I tried them on, plug-and-play USB. And then it happened. Booted up Spotify and was met with an explosion of seductive, velvety-smooth sensations caressing the very essence of my hearing. Wow, "these sound great" is an understatement. Never did I think I would think about "gaming-headphones" that I would want to bring these with me to listen to music. And to top it off, Kingston almost knew this would happen, so they made the microphone detachable if you dont want to look like a tard walking around campus with a mic to your mouth while listening to Beethovens Symphony 9. Summary: These sound incredible. The mic sound quality no longer warrants my friends calling my mic a piece of garbage. The build quality is excellent and well thought out. The controller is a very nice touch with a 7.1 Surround button that lights up red. Very classy. Nice braided cable. Do yourself a favor and press that "Add-To-Cart" button. Please.
Very good
Great quality.  Best headset you can get for the money.
This headset is really great. The mic works perfect with my laptop...nice and loud and clear. The sound is amazing
I received this headset today, I work at home taking inbound calls and the headset I was provided just didnt cut it. A coworker recommended these to me, and even though they are expensive, they are worth it. Im a gamer also, so I have had experience with high quality/expensive headsets (Astro and Turtle Beach) but just by the few tests I have ran on my own, these are phenomenal! I have yet to test them for work but Im sure I will not be disappointed. If anything changes, I will definitely update my review.
Sometimes I have to fiddle with the connections to avoid feedback but other than that its great.  Its not a consistent issue just have to adjust when plugging in sometimes. I use this on pc and Xbone. I wouldnt recommend using it on Xbox console without a stereo headset adapter.
Great sound quality. The 7.1 button just boosts the sound; it doesnt really turn it into 7.1 surround sound. I dont wear this during summer for obvious reason (heat, sweat, no good). So, if you sweat a lot... look at other headsets. Although, I think most ofem will probably be the same. It does a great job of cancelling out the surround noise. The mic is alright.
Comfortable, lightweight, and the sound quality is great. I had problems with previous headsets irritating my ears after long sessions but Ive actually forgotten these were on several times. Ive recommended these to plenty and I would be absolutely willing to buy another pair in the future.
Fantastic headset, absolutely love it
I bought these as a replacement for my old Logitech G430s. They were getting old and they were hurting my head to wear for longer than 2 hours at a time. These Cloud IIs have been amazing so far. They are super comfortable and the sound quality is great for what I use it for (gaming, discord chat with friends). Pros: - Comfortable foam sits well on my head - Can wear for extended periods without headache - Sound is clear and perfect for hearing 360 degrees - Mic is very well made and crystal clear (from what my friends tell me) and it WILL NOT pick up stray sounds in the room. If I try to talk through it from further than foot or 2 away, it will not pick up. - Maybe a con, but I cannot hear much else with these on. They immerse me fully in whatever Im doing, sometimes to the frustration of my SO. Cons: - Cable sometimes gets in my way when Im trying to move my desk chair around - Nothing else really that Ive had happen so far. I will be buying another set of these if/when these ever give out on me. Best headset Ive ever had.
Powerful sound, a little low in the bass for my taste but nice materials. A little tight in my enormous head after a couple aof hours.
These headphones are extremely comfortable. The padding is soft and dont bend your ears when theyre on. It does a pretty good job silencing the outside noise since the padding goes all around your ear. Im not an audio fanatic so Im not very picky about the sound quality but Id have to say its great! You can hear everything clearly with little to no noise. I havent tried the mic yet.
More than what I expected great voice Completely comfortable Strong Well made Easy I am crazy about it
Sounds great but they do not work well for people with glasses, it feels very uncomfortable while wearing glasses
I just got this headset and it sounds great and feels comfortable on my head. I also use this for my ps4 and it sounds loud when I play OverWatch, the mic sounds great when Im talking to my friends on my ps4. I would recommend  this headset to anyone thats looking for a good gaming headset.
Honestly the best gaming headset for under 150 dollars that I have used. The fact that the 3.5 mm pin can be removed from the dongle and the mic can be removed makes this headset very easy to listen to music to. I can walk around with the headset on and not look like a fool due to the removable mic and the slim/attractive design. Works great in-game with the surround sound and sounds better than my beats when listening to music. Definitely would recommend this product to anyone looking for an affordable gaming headset.
Great product I really like it ... I do recommend it
excellent. i read that it was flat, thought that turning off the surround sound, sounded flat. then i realized that was normal stereo, and turning it on was much much more. better for music and superb for games. great for less than 150. Got better than expected. thanks
Its an awesome headset with premium sound quality. It has been a great surprise, in quality, sound and packaging terms. For the price you wont find something similar. AWESOME device.
Great
Great headset
Very comfortable  very light  very durable  Great Sound Comes with swappable ear muffs so you can have cloth like ones or the leather like ones
Let me start this off by saying that the headphone quality is very good. It has a good bass and has the option of 7.1 Surround Sound, although I prefer the stereo sound as the surround is digital. If it were just the headphones, I would have no problems with this product at all. The band on the top of the head is comfortable and will last a long time. There are interchangeable ear pads so you can choose which one you prefer. The USB sound card allows you to raise and lower your microphone volume and headphone volume as well as a mic switch on/off and a clip on the back. The downside to this headset is the microphone. Theres nothing wrong with its positioning, as you can adjust it however you like, but the quality of the voice transmission is not the best. I should also point out that after about 2 years the microphone stopped working. I contacted customer support about it and they said they would be happy to replace it and send me a new one, but I figured Id just get a new microphone anyways. I kept the headphones and got a Klim USB microphone, a cheap but reliable microphone that can be found here: In all, this is an excellent headset that will last you a long time and provide you with some excellent quality, though I would suggest that you upgrade the microphone.
Best noise-reduction headphones Ive ever owned.
Perfect! Second time buying these and I absolutely love them!
Superb comfort, fantastic mic and sound-cancelling audio performance
The build quality of these headphones is outstanding, they sound fantastic, all in all Im extremely impressed HyperX.
I had the original cloud and i loved that until the sound started to sound staticy to others. It is a very comfortable headset, i have no compliants, great sound great quality. You certainly get what you paid for.
love them
I bought this as a gift for my son he absolutely loves it.
I love it.
Bought one during Christmas. Liked very much then ordered a second pair. Sound is clear. Isolation is good and comfortable. Enjoying it so far.
Best gaming headset I ever owned! Comfortable, sounds great and not too bad on the wallet.
Theres. It much I can say about these. All around amazing headset
Great Product!!
Grandsons love the headsets
I got these for my girlfriends son and he loves them. He cant hear if we are screaming for him which is just what he wanted. Great but thats for sure
Received my replacement order when my original headset for the HyperX Cloud II was lost in delivery by Lasership. YOU HAVE TO MAKE SURE LASERSHIP CALLS YOU UPON ARRIVAL TO ENSURE YOU RECEIVE THE PACKAGE. I live in government housing, so they dont have access into the building without the lobby door key. Gonna be a great birthday present for my brother as he is still using cheap $20 headsets.
Great sound quality, very accurate for FPS gaming, appearing is cool. Very comfortable to wear. Nothing to complain.
I have only owned two gaming headsets before and I prefer this one to my world of warcraft steelseries I was replacing because the earcups were coming off and the mic broke. So when I talk, Ill mostly be comparing the two. Two things that I am a tiny bit annoyed by are the mic is very good at its job of noise canceling. Which means if I bend my mic away from my mouth to eat, whoever Im talking to on discord or skype can only very faintly hear me if they have no other sound playing, not at all if anything is going on in the background. If I talk super loud they can, but not otherwise. This isnt a bad thing by any means, the mic does what its supposed to, but you should be aware. Also I unplug my headset every night and store it in its bag before sleeping, when I plug it back in again I have to re-enable the 7.1. Not a super big deal. Now for all the things about this headset that I love! Super light: They look large, but they hardly feel like youre even wearing a headset at all. Comfortable: The headband is padded, as are the ear cups, and they are amazingly comfortable. I wear glasses and suffer from headsets sometimes pushing into them and causing pain/discomfort, these definitely are comfortable even after Ive worn them gaming for 12~ hours. The ear shapes are more oval than round (my last ones were round), which means the tips of my ears and earlobes dont get sore. Mic Quality: Ive been told by friends the mic quality is super clear, a good volume (when close to my mouth), and the noise canceling is really good. I can be having a conversation with someone in my room and the person on skype will only hear my side of the conversation if the person Im talking to isnt intentionally raising their voice. Sound Quality: About the same to my steelseries, the sound is good. I can really tell the difference between 7.1 and not, but I couldnt articulate what the difference is. I feel like I can more easily pinpoint (without any trying or wondering) explosions/footsteps/voices in games like Overwatch, so I think it probably does its job. Also I cant hear anything happening in the world around me if Im watching or playing something, so sound canceling is good. Other: Cord is nice and long, I keep part of it bundled since I dont need it that long right now. The control box for sound is very convenient. I like the light for the headphones being on/7.1 being on, nice touch. For the volume controls (mic and sound), I just wish I had some meter to figure out what volume my mic is at, but I just clicked it a lot to set it hopefully on the highest setting and never touched it again. Thats about it. Fantastic headset, I love using it.
By far the best headset I have owned. Super comfortable. Great sound quality. Noise canceling is so good I can barely hear myself talk while playing. Also 7.1 will work with ps4.
These are honestly really amazing, i have never used headphones other than when you are in an electronic store, but i really like this. You can change the mesh of the ear padding, and if you needed to replace the microphone. I read that you are suppose to be able to remove the aux jack, but i have been to scared to pull hard enough because it really does seem to be on there tight. And i was frightened i might be wrong. My only concern honestly is the mic because sometimes ill leave it on the couch and my lady will come and move the mic and the mic will bend in a really awkward way, but you can always replace it if needed.
If you wear glasses, these are comfortable. I went through several pairs of headphones being disappointed with each of them until these. Also, a great bonus that it comes with the pleather or fabric pieces to switch to your liking. I would definitely recommend these to someone who wears glasses. Works great for both gaming and regular use.
Often reputed as the best gaming headset on the market, I will add my opinion to that bunch. After testing other name-brand headsets such as the Astro A40, Astro A50, Steelseries Siberia V2, and countless Turtle Beach headsets, I believe I have found my favorite gaming headset on the market that I have tried. The build quality is amazing, being hefty and comfortable for long gaming sessions at the same time. The sound quality is the best Ive heard from any gaming headset Ive tried. No, these wont suit an audiophile from Sennheiser or other companies of the like, but as far as gaming headsets go, these are terrific. The included detachable microphone is also very good for a gaming headset. I actually use the included microphone as my backup mic when something in my overkill audio setup stops working. 10/10 terrific gaming headset for the money.
I bought mine from warehouse deals, let me tell you the sound clarity of the headset is amazing,  the boom mic is surprisingly clear sounding and the headset is made with nice metal around ear cups and leather strapping on the band. The bass and treble are great for music and the virtual surround sound makes your surroundings come to life. The set comes with the basic pleather ear pieces and velvet ear pieces. Ultimately, these headphones are amazing with the only downfall being I did not buy them sooner and for the price you cant beat it.
Excellent packaging and a great quality headset. Very comfortable and works great. I would highly recommend this headset.
It Was Fast Good Quality worth every cent is great head set perfect audio and clarity
had this headset for two whole years, it survived a large amount of abuse. dropped, stuffed into bag after bag for trips, used for 8-12 hour streams (super comfortable) and unfortunately my warranty expired and the only problem i had with it is that the USB portion stopped working, which I attribute to 2 years of constant plug in and out and winding the cord around, also rolling my chair over it. Im about to  purchase my second pair. Have been recommending this headset to anyone I know needs one. Mic is clear, long cord, volume and mic controls right at hand, overall 5 stars, excellent product. I used it for work, school, gaming and music, excellent for all 3. noise cancelling for noisy work and study areas (not to mention airplanes), great for gaming, and great  for music. sound quality is outstanding.
My favorite headset yet. Works awesome going on over nearly two years (just getting around to the review)
omg, best of the best
Music sounds phenomenal with these, and the 7.1 surround certainly helps me determine enemies location in games like Overwatch. Theyre super comfortable as well and do not cause discomfort after being on my head for several hours. 10/10 Headset. No complaints. Definitely worth the price tag.
Absolutely incredible headphones. They sit very lightly on the head, and are exceptionally comfortable. The leather pads are nice and comfortable. As far as sound quality goes, Ive never personally had headphones that sound this good. The highs are crisp and the lows are booming. One thing worth noting is that if just using the USB plug, there is no monitoring in the headset. I.e. You cant hear yourself through the headset. But dont let that detract from the positives this headset has. Highly recommend
I really love this headset.  It is not as comfortable as my previous Astro A50 set but the sound is better.  I use it on my PS4.  I ended up not using the soundcard with the USB connection direct to the console.  Others have said it wouldnt work for the 7.1 surround.  I got it to work but could not turn it off after for some reason.  I did not like it, at least on my console.  I cant speak to how well it would sound on a PC.  The sound without it is great and the headset is reasonably comfortable for the two hours I play games at a time.  The mic is very good according to my friends I play with on chat.  I would recommend.
My son loves these, uses them everyday.
Boyfriend loves them, uses them all the time
My son loves this.,
Amazing headphones. Really comfortable for long gaming sessions. These are comfortable enough for me to wear them while binge watching netflix and not even noticing them the whole time.
Son loves it for gaming.
Ok...So I wear a 7 5/8 - 8 size hat. I know its not the biggest head, but I am up there. This makes head phones incredibly difficult for me to find a pair that will comfortably sit on this Dome for a few hours without pain. These Headphones are so close! full extended they are nice, the pads are very cush, but every now and then after a while of gaming or youtubing (currently watching all of the Shark Tanks) my ears will start to hurt. I have accepted this as part of having a big head. Just be aware. The sound is great, and mic clear. I also like that the mic can be moved around and removed if I am eating dinner or what not. All in all 4 stars for sure. Might even be 5 stars if my head wasnt so big. For the price you get good quality that sets up easy without a lot of driver issues. Very plug and play.
I have owned several good headphones, including the mX-50 and a couple of different beats. In terms of comfort, I havent tried anything like this before. They are absolutely great. They are very well built with terrific sound. It gives you an edge in games like Rainbow Six Siege where the sound in one of the most important tools to identify your enemy. The only thing that I have seen in them is that they might not fit for people with very large heads. Other than that, an absolutely great buy.
Ive worn these for hours and hours at a time and theyre the only headphones which dont bother me during a good binge.  Added bonus: the fire alarm was going off in my apartment building while I was playing video games wearing these headphones.  I didnt even notice the blaring alarm until I took them off to go use the restroom.  When I met up with the other tenants outside, they said they accidentally dropped some macaroni underneath the burner on their stove so it wasnt an emergency.  Thank goodness!
Great value and quality
Favorite headset that ive ever used.
Great headset, after a while the leather earpads show some wear though.
The headset is gorgeous, and the sound is great. Ive been using them to listen to music on my PC since they came in a couple of hours ago (havent had the chance to game yet, though). They are sturdy, yet light at the same time. Theyre incredibly comfortable to wear (I dont think Ive ever worn anything on my head as comfortably as I wear these). The packaging is almost as beautiful as the headset. Inside the pictured box is a strong red pull-apart type box, containing the components. Very luxurious. I was also a big fan of the message from the company that is printed on the inside cover of the inside box, welcoming you to the HyperX family. I knew I was a fan of the company when I learned that these had a two year standard warranty and read about great customer service experiences that other people have had with them, but that message really sealed the deal.
Great product! Never disappoints!
just a very reliable, comfortable headset exactly as advertised.
Great headset! I got them because i read that they are good for people with larger heads, and they indeed fit comfortably. I like the detachable mic as well, but my input volume seems too low at times.  Not sure if its the headset or a software setting that needs to be adjusted. Sound quality is above average and its built tough.  Ive run over the braided cord several times with my chair and may have given it a toss or two while "celebrating" a loss in a game.  Still looks and works as well as the day i bought it. The 7.1 toggle sounds funny though.  Ive tested it a few times but generally never use it.
A great headset which gives an outstanding performance very cost effective and very durable this is my very first review and I dont usually care about leaving products reviews (not that am not happy/ pleased with them its just that am too lazy :P) but I felt that this one really deserved the credit they are what they claim to be and what you receive is all what you expect of good quality!
I love mine so much but the jack is now BROKEN. I used it straight into my phone today and the jack bent when the cable got caught on my dresser handle.  The jack is straight so its bound to bend if the wire gets pulled or tugged on wrong. Now I cant hear anything when I game on my PC. Im so broken hearted since I got mine in September and I dont have my receipt from Frys. I cant even qualify for the warranty without proof of purchase, I dont have money to get another one and Im extremely upset.
Good sound quality, versatile design, good microphone.  Very long and durable cable.  I like that the headband is metal as Ive broken the last four headsets at the joint of the earpiece and headband (I have a big head).
Sounds amazing in bf1 after changing the settings.  Comfortable as well
BUY THESE! Wow, I almost returned these before opening them as I didnt play on my PC as much and bought them to try as I was playing a lot the week before. I then was playing more on PS4 and this can be plugged directly into the PS4 controller and uses no batteries. Definitely an upgrade from the PS4 gold edition headphones.
better than my audio technicas
Used with PS4. Best gaming headset Ive ever used. Purchased a second for my housemate, and he also loves it. Rarely used with computer or phone.
Bought for my husband and 5 days after we got them hes still excited to get home from work to use them. The sound is so much clearer than he expected, it has different earpieces u can switch in and out, and a detachable microphone which he loves since he doesnt use it. He was even excited about the carrying case it comes with.
best headset ever feels super sturdy great mic and come with surround sound great for rainbow 6
wasnt expecting a lot but wow . These headphones are amazing . The sound quality is so clear and theres no interference at all. And theyre truly noise canceling . What I like most is the ability to remove the mic . When Im playing on my PS4 I always have team speak and Spotify going through the headphones and I never have trouble hearing anyone or the music. Also they arrived VERY fast . I ordered them Friday night got them Monday morning.
my daughter loves these for gaming
Best headsets ever very nice package and very very good audio when playing on console mic is also good to price worth it Update they no longer work on one side but it did lasted two years from aug 1 2016 to aug 8 2018 overall best will be upgrading to wireless headphones but i will always and support hyper x
By far the best gaming headset Ive had, and the price is quite reasonable, after about 2 years of use the ear-pads are flaking a little bit but still in excellent working condition.
Phenomenal pair of headphones, the best Ive ever owned. Will definitely recommend to everyone who needs a pair. Update: These headphones worked reliably and comfortably whilst enduring heavy (almost daily) use for the past almost two years. However, by now, the wire connecting the headset to the USB dongle has worn out, and the headset no longer functions. For a relatively cheap pair of headphones, I am satisfied with the lifetime of this product, and stand by my original review, however knocking it down to 4 stars due to the need to now replace them.
Great quality at a good price
Great headphones. Comfortable and high quality. Mic is easy to adjust and they feel sturdy. After about 13 months, the inline mute / volume control broke. I unplugged it and now plug directly into the computer and the mic / headphones still work great - just have to use the operating system mute / volume controls now.
Few good, sound good
Yasssss
Loving my new headset.  So comfortable and loving not hearing the wife and kids in the background when arguing about stupid things.
A great combination between affordable price and high quality gaming headset
My fiance loves it! I play a lot of video games myself but never really felt the need to get a gaming headset, however after trying this headset on- the immediate comfort, noise cancellation and amazing audio really did change my mind. I honestly might get myself one when it goes on sale again. Cyber weekend price at half-off made this one of the best purchases of my life, and the best gift for a guy who just got FFXV and a 4k TV. Hes in heaven now! I highly recommend this headset for casual and hardcore games alike.
Best price/performance gaming Headset
I got these for my son for Christmas and he said they are a great headset and he is very pleased with them. He said he would recommend them to everyone. Very light and comfortable, with awesome sound.
Yes
Really enjoying this headset so far.  Very comfortable and since it is built using metal instead of plastic it actually feels sturdy like it isnt going to break when you put it on your head.  It is really really noise cancelling.  Even while wearing the headset with nothing running that makes noise I still can barely hear anything including my fiance talking to me when she is right behind me. When you are gaming all you hear is the game so its very good for immersion.
Good did not expect the leather or extra earmuffs idont even use the surround sound and its fine for SWing different than squeaky turtle beach and way cheaper than astros or triton ibought the hyper x $50 and they were terrible compared to cloud 2
ive been through a lot of headphones, most of them were crap, but theses cloud 2s are hands down the best headphones i have ever worn. they are so comfortable i barely notice them on my head. i can wear them for hours and the ear cups are big enough that my ears arent sore after. i would like to see a microphone more like the razer kracken. only beacause i have recently lost mine after going to a LAN party. but overall, Great build quality, great user expierience. i tell all my friends to get hyperx and id never get anything different.
PLUS: = Ear cups and general comfort level = Sound quality MINUS: - The "lamp cord" feel of the cable from and to the audio sound card.  It kinks itself without help. - The microphone mute slide switch on the audio sound card feels like itll stop working or add noise some  day, so we try not to use it,
Excellent headset, really happy that I decided to go for a more expensive version this time. With it being mostly metal I have a feeling it will last much longer this time.
Must buy
The best headphones I currently own. I have tried (so far) two other hi-fi headphones, all hooked up to a Schiit stack, and these are the best sound and most comfortable.
Coming from a plastic Platronics Headset that broke twice (also repaired twice) and I used until it gave out, these are far superior. Having a metal headband is more important than first time buyers would think - dropping your headset or accidentally catching the cord on your chairs armrest mean they will take abuse. These dont show a single sign of wear despite six months of constant travel with them last year. Very solid construction. The sound quality is amazing as well. Very crisp and tight all around, Ive never enjoyed music more. Ive demoed HyperXs other, newer and older models at gaming shows and these are by far my favorite sounding. The bass is intense, if a bit boomy, and I love it. Also great for gaming - directional audio lets you pinpoint every sound around you. The ear-cups fit snugly, that might be a downside if you get headaches easily, but I love the noise dampening that provides. As for the simulated 7.1 feature that the in-line piece provides, I dont use it. I find it washes out music a bit and I cant be bothered to turn it on and off for gaming. It does provide a larger, simulated sound-stage (as in it feels like youre listening to a concert rather than just recorded music), but I havent noticed much of a difference in my ability to location-ally identify sounds with it on. I do appreciate the volume controls for mic and sound though. %100 worth the $99 price, even more so if its on sale. I will definitely buy them again if these ever break!
Really good headset, especially for the price. The surround sound is spectacular and the quality is top notch. 10/10 would buy again.
Very comfortable, with clear sound.  Construction seems pretty high quality.  I wish the cord was longer however.
Okay headset if you have a big head it starts to get annoying to have on for more than a hour.
Simply the best thing that happened in my life so far.
These headphones are PHENOMENAL. They plug in via USB on your PC. The mic quality is as clear and good as my Blue Yeti microphone. Although, the box it comes in is so nice that Im sure they spent at least $10 on the packaging. I must warn you. Braided cable, which means if this thing gets tangled, good luck!
Wonderful headset. Sound is very clear and crisp. The virtual surround sound adds a nice bit of realism at the times you need it. The microphone easily picks up my voice and relays it in a clear manner as well. The cord is very long and allows you to comfortably use the headset in pretty much any situation.
OMG these are awesome headphones and will recommend to anyone. The best headphones for gaming and the sound is awesome with the 7.1 surround sound.
Awesome headset but you do need to change ear cups they get to hot at times
Omg. I cant say how awesome these are. I use them for online gaming with ventrio app and world of warcraft.  Very clear mic volume is so awesome. I mean clear. I also use with my cellphone to talk and very quiet mic. Very impressed with music quality also. The soft ear cups with my glasses works well. The only thing I can say as a con they need to be broke in and squeeze my head but after a week of wearing them it has lessened the squeeze. I have another brand of headphones that are in the same price range that dont compare in the microphone quality and or music listening.  I have not used with my PS4 yet but expect nothing but a great experience. I even ordered another set for wife to use.
my son loves the headphones. we got the red color and its nice looking. he really likes the alternate set of ear pads that come with it and said they were so easy to install. I had to go online to look at the user manual so he could find out how to adjust the sound but it only took him a few minutes to do it and said he loved the sound. he said it has better noise cancelling than his previous Razer ones did. the only thing he said wasnt that great was the mic. his friends said he sounded muffled and not as loud.
Ive had these headsets since June 2015. The casing it arrived in was top of the line. They worked beautifully for about 6 months and then they broke. After a short bout of anger I discovered they came with a two-year warranty. I called customer service and they were extremely helpful, and walked me through the whole process of getting them fixed. I sent them in early December of 2015, and I got a package back before New Years 2016. They had sent me a completely new headset in a factory sealed box. A completely brand new headset, not just having fixed my original ones. Since then, with a further year of great quality sound and a great quality microphone, this was easily the best $100 Ive ever spent on gaming.
So comfortable, exactly what I wanted.
Got this headset for my son.  He plays games on the PS4 and this was large enough for his big head. The microphone didnt last too long, but that was expected because he talks so close to it that moisture tends to build up.  The mic is detachable, and was able to be replaced without having to buy an entire new headset. Overall good value for what you get.
considering the price this one of the best headset you can get and the mic quality is fascinating.
works great, and amazing sound quality
These headphones are great I have a crazy neighbor he crash his car into his wifes car a couple months back was a loud smack.  My whole street came out to look except me I didnt even hear it truthfully didnt expect the the sound quality and noise canceling to be so good I use professional bose & audio technica headphones when djing or editing music with my cousin so I really cant stand crappie head phones but these are amazing. But I decided I was definitely going to leave a review after talking to multiple support staff members(I Broke My mic) who were all great I had to stop the call on my part a couple times and they were kind and professional no one ever went ugh! I have to do that sometimes when contacting companies about expensive sound and light equipment and Ive gotten (ughs!) I was gonna give 5 stars just for the service but the cherry on top was when I called around 5-10 minutes before closing time on Friday and someone picked up the phone and was professional and friendly there has been times when people let the phones ring out at other companies so you have to call back and a machine tells you to leave a message work on Monday but these. I respect this company alot
Great product
insane...A+
The headphones are extremely comfortable, Im able to wear them for hours with no discomfort and they sound amazing. Everything worked right out of the box just plug in and go.
Great, received as promised, thank you...
Good product.  Satisfied.
So first impression the packaging is impressive before taking the headphones out of the box your thinking this is the best thing ever.  The packaging alone makes it appear that they care about there product. Wish I had taken photos.  Next they supply you with extra ear pads if you would rather have a felt or suede feel they supply them. The cord is a great length and its a wrapped cord unlike the last pair I purchased that were just rubber or plastic. Now for the sound OMG so amazing.  I will check back in after a few months but I didnt realize how much surround sound I was missing.  My last pair of earphones said they were but I can tell you this headphone set if much much better.  Im amazed at the quality for the money because Ive purchased Logitechs top of the line earphones and they didnt sound this good.  The Logitechs were very heavy and broke at one of the connection if you pull up there websites you will see others complaining about the same thing.  The mic I dont care about because I dont talk much on line sorry guys no clue if its any good but Ill check back after a few months and try and let you know.
Great quality and sound. Headset a little tight and uncomfortable. after a short time. I purchased it because of the great ratings on how it fit for hours, and a little disappointed.
Great sound quality! loving it!
Great headset with average microphone.  7.1 surround is awesome, but the microphone could be better.
I got these as a gift for my boyfriend and theyre extremely good headphones. The mic is really nice because you can detach it if youre not using it and I love that you can have an option between 7.1 surround sound or not. The usb controller is useful and everything is easy to use. The headphones themselves are super comfortable. Im considering buying one for myself now!
My son who is a PC gamer loves this headset.
The best headset i ever had. So comfortable and light.
Very comfortable (subjective based on size of my ears). VERY muffling. Almost cant hear people speaking right next to you, especially if theres actually sound coming through the headphones. Great for gaming and movies. Microphone is ok, but Ive only used it a few times. Build and quality of overall headset seems strong.
Amazing headset! Would recommend to everyone!
very good headset :) you can clip the volume slider for the mic onto stuff which is really nice. it also only uses 1 usb port. sound quality is very good and the mic is adjustable. my friends have said the quality is much better than the old mic i used. heavily reccomend :)
Got this as an Xmas gift and I can say that they were worth that wait. Usually headphones hurt the top of my head, but I can wear these for hours without any pain or discomfort. Im happy that there are different ear cups since I didnt really care for the leather ones it came with since it made my ears hot. Overall though, Im really enjoying them, the sound is clear and the mic sounds great. Would recommenced buying them!
Great headset for the price. Meets expectations when playing games that require precision hearing.
I did a lot of research before deciding on this set, read all the reviews on from this set. I am so pleased with this headset. I highly recommend this headset and no I dont work for Kingston. As for the 7.1 surround, I dont care what you want to call theyre sound, they sound great.
These are great headphones. My main concern with headphones is durability: I have a cat that chews wires and Im clumsy. As such, I was hesitant invest in a pair of $90 headphones. But after yet another pair of generic headphones wearing out after a month, I gave these a shot. They are perfect. In addition to being durable they fit my big head, which has always been an issue.
These are a great pair of gaming headphones for the price even if you arent using them for gaming. I highly recommend these if you are looking for a good pair of headphones for a budget price.
Great Headset
Good sound, comfortable, and a very good mic, the fact i can remove it is very convenient.
love the headset, I have had a hard time finding one that is comfortable, its nice to have finally found one I can were for extend periods of time and also enjoy great sound quality, my friends also say that they can hear me through the mic very clear, definitely worth the money!
Extremely comfortable, sound is a huge upgrade from my last pair of headphones, and the mic works just fine. For the price, I dont think you can beat it. Ive enjoyed that the mic can be taken off, but not sure how it will hold up in the long run. Regardless, would definitely buy again.
Replacement of this product was easy... First set stopped working in less than a year
If you want a good noise canceling headset with 7.1 surround sound youve found it. These are amazing so far. I got these as a gift a couple of days ago and they feel really good on your head, they arent to heavy or hurt your ears. The 7.1 surround sound is amazing. You can turn it on and off with the touch of a button. Overall these are amazing and you should hesitate to buy them
Had this product for about 2-3 months now. So I have a good metaphorical picture of quality for this product. -Positives first- 1. Very long braided cord. Its awesome. Cords are a thing of the past BUT this cord is quality for being as such. I have had previous head phones with short unbraided cords and it was absolutely annoying and caught on everything. This cord is long, catches on nothing but air (nothing basically) and I think its 8-9 feet long. So you could walk away from your device while safely corded. Just be careful of you or someone else tripping on it. 2. Very good sound quality. When playing games or watching movies with high sound quality capabilities this baby shines with its 7.1 setting enabled. Imagine playing Batman and you have a thug running up on you. Its like youre there getting beaten by Batman himself very audibly. Its just awesome. 3. Its surprisingly comfortable for how heavy it is. The long braided cord with the 7.1 quality controller all connected as one singular product makes for a little weight. But its so well adjusted for ergonomic skull shaping that its hardly noticeable. Masterful engineering. 4. You can mute it with a switch. Its nice. The mic piece comes off. Thats cool. Its very sturdy. Still going to be careful with it. -Now for the negatives- 1. Weight eventually become an issue after numerous hours of listening to whatever. (Not that many people will reach this point). I do though. But thats to the creators credit more than anything. It is comfortable for a long time. Then it gets very annoying on your beautiful skull and ears. 2. One thing I do not like hearing from other buyers of this product is the mic piece cant be taken out too many times or else it WEARS OUT. Thankfully I was warned of doing so and have taken it out less than 10 times in my ownership. I highly suggest all do the same thing for this particular model for fear of it never going in at all. That desperately needs to be fixed with either it NEVER being capable of getting taken out in future models OR a more complicated re-engineering of the mic piece or something along those lines. It currently is plainly not cool that this happens for the product. 3. The mic gets in the way since I cant take it out and am forced to take off the headphones. Very annoying. Im afraid of food, drinks and numerous other dangers to my mic piece. Its annoying and Im often scared it will be ruined this way. 4. And this is my personal preference. I have owned another model of hyper X and really enjoyed 1 particular feature that could fix the previous features regarding the mic issues I mentioned just above: A flip up mic that does not come out and mutes it as its flipped up. No dangers of breaking, no dangers of food, no dangers of drink. No dangers of the piece wearing out for being put in or out. Literally all those fears and a better mute feature is presented. In one fell swoop. THAT would make this product 5 stars. Alas this product will never see that glowing 5 stars
Received these as a gift from my Aunt, and thoroughly impressed with them. I got them 4 days ago and have used them for gaming and music listening for hours. My previous headphones were cheap over-ear ones that were uncomfortable, the sound was bad and everyone  complained about my mic quality, they were 40 dollars at Best Buy. For only 100, I am in heaven. Theyre extremely comfortable, the soft leather makes you forget youre wearing them. The sound quality is amazing, especially the 7.1 SS. I tested the mic quality and was amazed. The braided cord is really nice and high quality. Extremely happy with these. Will update if anything changes.
No Bass.  Sound is not what you want for video games.  Want to feel like you are there?  Want to feel like you are in the middle of the battlefield?  Want to feel the bass reaction as you fire your rifle or feel the enemies grenade going off at your feet?  You wont feel it with these.  You will definitely hear it, but you will not feel it even with bass turned all the way up in soundcard settings. I use a soundblaster z to pump these things.  It comes with a usb dongle and I highly suggest that you do not use that.  You should purchase a 3.5 mm extension to reach your sound card and one of these to get your mic and sound to work properly.  (or something like it, these work)  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00Y4663GG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_10 Seriously, USB dongle vs 3.5 mm is night and DAY.  Apples to oranges.
Fantastic headset! Met all expectations.
Awesome headset, works with literally anything
Item as described and well packed.
Super nice headphones.  The sound is clear and true.  The mic works really well. Very well made.  Comes with a carrying bag so you can take them with you.  I use them with my ps4.  Really happy and impressed.
Great headset
Top quality-comfort sound is super
Good quality, well made, very comfortable. I know that when my son uses it, he has a hard time actually hearing us call him, so the noise-reducing works very well.
Man, these are some great headphones!  Anytime I want the nagging of my girlfriend to stop I put these bad boys on.  I go from the hot seat on Hells Kitchen to pure tranquility in .2 seconds.  And this headset doesnt just work on girlfriends, Ive used this on pesky kiosk venders at the mall, employers, and even law enforcement.  I dont know how many situations Ive gotten out of because I slip the cans on and get transported to another dimension of quality audio.  Id say the only con of owning these head thumpers are when I take them off, everything becomes bleak and life doesnt have meaning, and now Im single, broke, and hiding from my cell mates under my bed.  But most importantly I dont know what the latest breakthrough in all-in-one solution has to offer to me.  Anthony Sullivan help me.
I have purchased 3 of these for 3 different computers. Extremely comfortable, long lasting (3 yrs now), no issues.
What can I say about these that has yet to be said. They are super comfortable, they sound very smooth and even, they look cool, they feel high quality, and they work across PC, Xbox, and PS4. Love these headphones!
I had Turtle Beach gaming headset and it was good, but didnt realize there was "great" as I am experiencing with the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset.  I do not get a headache or my ears hurting wearing these and it cancels the noise outside of the headset.  Easy to put together and plug in. The cord is wonderfully long, but I still have to remember Im connected because they are so comfortable.
This is the most comfortable headset Ive owned and the audio is fantastic.
Love this headset...also very Comfortable...use it for hours some days when I am gaming
Dont buy these for your husband if you ever want to converse with him again. The noise canceling ability of these is so good that I have to physically tap my husband to get his attention. Screaming doesnt work!  Waving my arms frantically like a crazy person doesnt work!  Im actually not 100% sure if its the headphones or if he just doesnt want to talk to me but Im gonna go with the headphones so that I can sleep at night...
I practically live with these things on my head when gaming and watching movies, well made and very comfortable.
MY son loves this headset for gaming
So here is my run down of these headsets: theyre awesome. Why? Firstly, they are extremely comfortable. One of the most comfortable pair of headsets Ive ever worn. This is a huge point for me because I wear glasses and sometimes some headsets can cause some tension between my ear and glasses and causes some discomfort and pain. These dont. Ive worn them for hours on end and Im totally in bliss! Secondly, they sound great. NOW, they probably wont sound as good as youll expect out of the box. I had experiment with APOs and such but once I figured it out they sound really good. Out of the box theyll sound really flat (if your a bass head like me) and neutral. The USB amp supplied with these just dont them justice so Id consider investing in a Mixamp or download an APO to fine tune the sound more to your liking. Thats the plus though, these are versatile and flexible in the sound department and thats a GOOD THING. Thirdly, the build quality is very good. The handles that hold the ear cups are brushed aluminum and the ear cups themselves are made from a fairly hard plastic compound. The headband is wrapped in what I assume is fake leather but the stitching and memory foam are nice and solidly put together. These will last you a while. The only real issue I have with these is the mic. At first, the volume was too low and because these are a usb headset you cant adjust the gain via Windows. You can connect them via the analog ports with the included adapter but in my case the cable wasnt long enough. You can control the mic and headset volume via the USB amp but in my case I had to max out the mic volume for it to be usable. Great headset, probably the best in this price range. Definitely should be paired with a Mixamp though to get the best out of these.
Product is great for its price, first Kingston product of mine and the company is great. Sound quality is great and so are the materials. Only con: no active mic monitoring
Neighbors complain that Im too loud because of the noise cancelation.
Amazing sound is amazing. I can not tell the difference between the sound on this and my 200$ beats. the mic is decent. 7.1 is good.great price, and a great buy!
Im a gamer and need some great headphones. Ive been through Razer products, Turtle Beach, Logitech, Plantronics, Steelseries, all of them pale in comparison to these headphones. THE absolute best and well constructed headphones Ive ever owned. When these finally stop working Ill just buy another pair.
I had high expectations and they were exceeded.  I work remotely from home so needed something I can wear for extended periods. These fit that perfectly.  No more using the computers mic.  Im clear to everyone else, no need to speak up over the equipment. The imaging in the headsets themselves..  in a word,  WOW.  Ive been missing out. Linux picked them up instantly and Ive been literally A child at Christmas.
Amazing quality, its like having surround sound when listening to music or simply gaming. My boyfriend uses the headset to record, and his voice is so crisp and amazing when played back. No muffles, and do drain out outside noise well. So glad I decided on these headphones for his Christmas gift!
I love this headset!!!!!!! I am on the computer most of the day and its really important that I have a headset that is COMFORTABLE with great sound. These are definitely the ones to go to for exactly that!!!!!!! Other headsets would give me headaches and interfere with what I was doing on the computer. I purchased a pair of these in 2015 and loved them so much that when I needed to get another set I chose to get a second pair of these!
I love um...but the little control pad for volume and mute and all that jazz does nothing on the Ps4. For Ps4 users just know that youll have to use the controller jack if you want louder sound, but use USB if you want to use the surround sound with clear quality. For USB preferences youll have to press the 7.1 button and the sound will be great (not too loud but great), dont touch other button on the control pad because it does dick! if you dont see the 7.1 button on the pad light up, then unplug the UBS from the Ps4 and plug it back in and your golden. These headphones are great for PC but they work well enough for Ps4. The mic quality is great, I recommend unplugging it when not in use. They are very comfortable.
Bought this for my son, who has gone through quite a few headsets.  I have to say Im really impressed with the comfort, sound quality and mic quality, especially considering the price.
I really like these, but you should read carefully if you plan to use on PS4.  While it works just fine on PS4, it mostly works just fine in Stereo.  You can make the 7.1 VSS work by plugging in the USB before powering on the PS4 and pressing the 7.1 button after powering on the system, but then the USB controls cannot change volume etc. If, like me, you have a Playstation Silver Headset that split in half, you can plug the headset into that USB and have the 7.1 VSS via that controller.  I have used the headset for a number of gaming sessions, as well as when snowblowing the driveway and sitting at my desk at work to eliminate background noise distractions (which these do very well).  These are far more comfortable than any other headset Ive tried in the price range, and the metal headband is FAR more durable than the Sony and Turtle Beach (broke both in fairly short time) offerings anywhere near the price range (even double).  I trust the durability of these so much more that Ive even packed these into my backpack, and they can twist and bend without worry of them snapping like the others (which happened from just taking on and off my head).  The sound quality is also very good, especially at the price.  I would love it if these were offered in a wireless option, but dont mind the wired connection.  Ive learned that in order to get this quality in a wireless headset, youre easily going to be spending over $200.  If youre not looking for wireless, and want to stay under $120, buy these.  I spent more replacing cheaper headsets than these cost, and those other headsets combined didnt even last 8 months of casual gaming.
Great headset for the price. Works great w pc and 3DS. And you do NOT need a stereo adaptor to use this for Xbox1. I just plugged it in the controller and the Xbox itself in the Options has a spot where you can adjust the input and output and mic vol, you just cannot mute the mic. Love that the Mic can be easily taken off when not in use. Great headphones
Extremely comfortable. And on top of that I can hear footsteps on catwalk from lower tuns its insane I love these headphones 10/10
works awesome!!
Amazing headset! Worth every penny. Super comfortable Detachable mic for easy non-annoying use. Sound quality is amazing. Works with the 3.5mm jack on my android phone. Mic is super clear and does not pick up everything around me. Ears keep the majority of outside noise out and do not leak sound too much. :D Best headphones Ive owned so far (And Ive owned a lot of headphones. haha)
I absolutely LOVE the comfort this headsets offer!! Not only does it have excellent sounds and an epic 7.1 surround system thats so accurate, but also has a very clear voice when using the mic! If I had to change one thing about this it would be the rod of the mic, its over flexible and it gets even more flexible by time, which can be a bit annoying later on when you wanna put the mic in a certain angle and it just moves easily. Other than that its my favourit headset so far!
Overall nice quality headset. No over bassy sound stage you get with a lot of gaming headsets everything is nice and clean. Took off a star because of the microphone. The microphone quality is nice but the drivers not so much. You have no way to boost the microphone in windows causing it to be really quiet without some 3rd party tweaking. Also there is no visual or audio feedback for the microphone volume button on the dongle control which doesnt help the situation to know where the microphone is set. However, with it being so quiet you basically just smash it into several times till you assume its max volume and forget about it.
Great headset, I can hear the tiniest of footsteps so I can merc any unwary PUBG challengers who try to play that prone warrior life.
I had the first version of the cloud and was not sure if I should upgrade but Im glad that I did. For the cost they are amazing and are super comfortable. They are light and dont feel like theyre squeezing your head. The sound is clear and the virtual 7.1 surround sound works really well. It adds depth to your games and are great for music. I use them when I travel and they plug right into your phone, so you can go from laptop to phone without switching headphones. For the cost theyre phenomenal, and they come with detachable Mic and storage bag for travels.
Got these almost exactly 2 years ago for gaming. I am not sure if (from what I have been reading) there have been Quality control issues but I can state that I love these things. I have worn them daily and dropped them hundreds of times.. I have tossed them in my backpack and they have survived without an issue. The sound from them is also excellent, compared to all the other gaming headsets I have owned (Logitech, Turtle beach etc)... ALL of which were less comfortable and are all broken due to the cheaper construction. They have ALL broken at the extensions holding the ear-cups as they were all plastic, unlike the sturdy METAL construction of these. I bought the gunmetal ones and have zero complaints. Only nitpick?.. they dont fold. Thats it.
This replaced a Logitech wireless G930 for me, just for reference. I wanted a hard wired headset to replace my wireless that sometimes had drop outs and interference.  Ive used the Cloud II about 30 hours since purchasing it and feel its worthy of 5 stars - I am very pleased. First off - the build quality is great.  This is night and days better than the Logitech I had.  The ear pads feel quality, the usb cord is strong, all the connectors seem solid.  It ships in a great looking box, comes with a mesh bag (no idea why?), non-leather ear cups, and the cable.  I have been using this as USB in my PC and the 3.5mm into the control box.  Note this control box lets you control mic/audio volume, mute, and enable 7.1 emulation. 7.1 emulation is, well, about on par with everything else.  You either love it or hate it, some games sound better with it, others not so much. The most important factor with this headset that echoes other reviews is COMFORT.  This is a very comfortable headset to wear even through hours of gaming or listening to music.  It doesnt get as hot as others I have used on my head.  Really this is the MOST comfortable pair Ive ever worn.  Even if the audio quality sucked, Id recommend these just based on comfort because lets be honest, most people notice comfort more than audio quality.  There isnt a "pinch" (they arent too tight), the ear pads are soft, really everything is great. The audio quality does seem great though.  Mic is very clear others tell me. My one complaint is the mute switch.  I dont like switches as much as buttons as you have to engage it more than a simple press.  I almost didnt buy these because of the switch, but Ive gotten used to it at this point so Im not too bothered. Overall - great gaming headset.  I really do recommend this fully to anyone who wants a comfortable, great sounding headset.  (Or, if you are like me suffering for years with Logitechs software and subpar quality - you will be in heaven with these)
I mean come on.  How can you pass a deal like this it comes with an optional 7.1 surround sound it has a usb that can detach from the headset to have a 3.5 mm jack has memory foam ear cups and there better than the revolvers witch are a bit more expensive and I prefer these more than the astro a50s or 40s
Ive used other headsets like some basic turtle beaches and theyre always really uncomfortable to wear with my glasses. But this pair is really nice and feels very comfy.
Very comfortable. Great sound.
As far as "gaming headsets" go this is basically the best. Its extremely comfortable, and its even better when you switch out the leather ear pads for the included plush velvet ones. I noticed after the switch there was less pressure on my ears which made the sound feel like it had more depth. The mic is not great. Its fine for chat use but not for content creation or anything. If you want a good gaming headset with a mic then look at the Sennheiser gaming ONE headset. The surround sound stuff is ehhh. Its for sure the best surround sound headset you can find but it seems to lag behind your movements in game just a bit which is unfortunate because other than that its pretty damn accurate. The cable is made of of good braided material and has a good length if you need it. I like that the mic is removable and you can plug it into a 3.5mm jack and just use them as headphones as music too.
Previously had a wireless logitech headset, upgraded to this, dont regret it
Fantastic sound and good build quality its a shame the plug snapped off
Very nice and comfortable.
Very comfortable and sound fantastic
Got them as a gift for my brother. He uses them all the time. When he opened the box, you can tell that these headphones are quality and worth the money. Excellent build quality and have lasted him longer than his last 4 sets of gaming headphones already.
Quality all around. A true gamer headset. The high recommendations for this headset are there for a reason, it is top in its class.
Great sound.  Very comfortable, even over glasses frames.  Great accessories that make them compatible will all our electronics.  Highly recommend.
Good sound quality and very comfortable. I found dialogue in some games to be hard to hear when the 7.1 mode is turned on, so I typically have just been using it in stereo for dialogue-heavy games. The 7.1 mode does make ambient sounds appear fuller/richer and more enveloping, though.
Its good
Audio: 10/10 The HyperX Cloud II delivers beautiful sound with the 7.1 surround feature and massive mind-numbing bass when you turn it up. The microphone is crystal clear with no background noise nor distorting in any game or program Ive used. Comfort: 10/10 The headset is beautifully designed to fit large and small headshapes alike (my fiance and I can both wear it comfortably and hes a larger male). Unlike most over-ear & over-head headsets that Ive purchased in the past, the HyperX Cloud II doesnt get hot and is reasonably light weight - you honestly forget youre wearing it. Noise Cancellation: 10/10 My fiance who uses this headset has misophonia and is often annoyed by chewing sounds, etc, and says the noise cancelling in this headset is a life-saver. Ive also noticed almost no sound coming through the headset when wearing them and definitely none when playing audio through them. Price: 9.5/10 Ive purchased a few higher end headsets in the past for double the price from other leading companies only to have issues with weight (too heavy to blend in) or heat (ears burning during long usage). For the quality of this headset, the price is very reasonably set. Would I like it to be a little cheaper? Of course - times are hard, but is it worth it? Yes, definitely. Support: 10/10 Ive had a few issues with the headset [mainly the USB sound card] due to wear and tear, but Kingston stands behind their products warranty with a truly friendly and helpful customer support team. I spent only 1 minute waiting on live chat support and my issues was resolved within 30 minutes. TL;DR: Overall, this is a nicely priced light-weight over-ear headset with great sound quality and noise cancellation. The headset when worn delivers powerful 7.1 surround sound and conforms to your body for a soft, natural fit. Kingston stands behind their products and their support staff is super friendly and quick to resolve your issues should any occur.
Best headphones
Bought these after xmas. The surround sound is mind blowing. They are SUPER comfortable with a good mic, and the removable mic is great. I love it!
The cloud 2s are the most comfortable headset or headphones I have ever owned. Previous to owning these I had an inexpensive but decent pair of headphones I would use regularly. I now cant wear those headphones because they feel so uncomfortable compared to my cloud 2s. The audio quality sounds good to me though Im far from an audiophile. The microphone also performs well. My only complaint is that the due to the noise cancelling of the ear cups I cant hear myself talk which is a strange feeling. If youre looking for a comfortable headset or pair of headphones I very much recommend the Hyper x cloud 2.
Purchased January 10, 2017. USB Adapter failed to operate the MIC February 8, 2017. If the manufacture ever gets the USB adapter and the jack adapter fixed from failure, with the 2 year warranty this would be a outstanding improvement over my SkullCandy headset. I am temporarily using HyperX Cloud II Headset and MIC (works just fine) with my SkullCandy USB adapter minus the 7.1 surround sound, LoL, and its 3 years old. I switched to this headset because the SkullCandys ear cups are to small/square, and after about an hour, I got ear aches. Now I hope warranty service is worth while. If not Ill be returning to Amazon. The only other cons are it is Heavy on your head. And the two plug adapter will not fit mother board audio ports (to wide/not marked for which plug goes where). Pros MIC and Headphones sound great! I prefer the second set of ear pads over the stock installed ones, that also come with headset.
best headphones ever 5/5 would buy again
The best headphones I have ever owned. They are perfect in fit and sound. The 7.1 surround sound is pretty awesome on Battlefield 1
Best headset Ive ever owned so far hands down! The 5.1 surround sound with my Xbox is so crisp and clear, the bass is boomin, I can finally gear everyones footsteps on FPS games on multiplayer... People cant touch me now haha Only downfall is no adapter or controls for mute or voice/game controls unless you go into your settings. This was made for PC gaming. However, I purchased the new turtle beach adapter and could not be happier with my set up. I feel like a pro.
Great sound quality, fits all sizes of heads, and Is all around great
This headphones are great, the sound is amazing for gaming ando músic too
Great headset. Used them for about seven months until the wiring gave out and replaced it with a four pole female connector. -1 star for the non-detachable cable.
Best gaming headset Ive owned for use with my PS4.
These things are awesome! CS:GO, H1Z1, Etc. you can hear footsteps, good sound and mic quality all with a built in remote. Best feature of all is a simple plug and play style.
The Cloud IIs are amazing. I got them for the Xbox One and the pc, but I havent used them for the pc yet. I have the new controller so I can just plug it into the 3.5 mm jack and the sound quality is absolutely insane. The directional audio is really good and I can hear enemy movement and instantly know which direction theyre approaching me. Since Ive gotten these Ive mostly played Battlefield 1 and R6 siege and they sound amazing. When I first used them on Bf1 the first explosions that  I heard made me jump. Ive just been using my tvs audio since my pair of Turtle Beaches broke down, and Ive been playing a lot better.  For gaming and music the sound quality is the best Ive ever heard. If youre looking for a headset, get this one. The one kind of bad thing is that you cant use the 7.1 audio on the One. You can on the PS4 from what Ive heard but without it the sound is still really good. I looked at a bunch of other headsets but none of them came close to matching this one. The headband is made out of steel I believe so it will never snap or wear down over time. I would imagine these lasting at least 4 years and for that and the sound quality the $100 price point is WELL worth it.
Great sound decent bass good price.
I bought these for playing FPS games on the PS4. These things are ridiculously comfortable - I had them on for about 5 hours and I never got a sore ear. The mic quality is very good, and I like the fact that it is removable. The 7.1 sound card attachment does not work fully with PS4, but I knew that when I bought them. The game and mic volume adjustments dont work, but you can mute the mic using the switch on the side. If you plug the 3.5mm jack into the controller the sound is merely stereo and it is pretty weak - the controller probably doesnt put out enough power to push the drivers well. You definitely want to plug directly into the PS4 using the included USB cord because you get the 7.1 effect and the sound improves drastically. As for the sound quality, when plugged into the PS4 it is good. It doesnt offer the specific localized detail as i get when I am playing through my surround system, but it definitely helps you get a general idea of where enemies are approaching from. The only complaint I have is that the bass response is pretty weak. It definitely plays the low tones accurately, but the volume and power of the bass is low, especially for over the ear headphones. Overall these are great gaming headphones, and they are definitely worth the price.
Got it for my son who had been asking for it.  He loves it!  And better price than Microcenter.
Great headset, I had heard reviews on its comfort and quality, it certainly lives up to those reviews.  Out of the box it was extremely comfortable to wear and also includes a second set of padding if you dont really like the type that comes attached.  Headset fits well and isnt too tight, perfect amount of pressure for me.  Sound quality has been fantastic so far compared to my previous "4D" headset and my Razer Kraken Chroma.  The inline controls work great as well and include a clip so you can attach to your shirt for easy access.  Detachable mic is nice, but I typically prefer the retractable mics for convenience.  Cant comment on mic quality yet as I havent used it,  Build quality is very high, its definitely not a "cheapo" all plastic headset and looks like it will last for years. Overall its definitely a great headset compared to others around the same price point or a bit higher.  If you have the budget and are looking for a comfortable and quality headset around $100 Id recommend giving this headset a try.
Great Headphones. Very pleased with my purchase. Sound great and terrific build quality.
Great headset!
The most comfortable headset EVER! Ive had Turtle Beach, Logitech, Sennheiser, Astro, but HyperX beats them all in comfort. The remote has a mic volume button so adjust that if you feel like your mic isnt working. the only problem I have with this headset is that the mic gets in the way when I try to put my headset on a table. I would have to take the mic off completely to not ruin the mic. Everything else is fine.
best headset ive had, and wow. Ive had astros, turtle beaches, razer, logitech. This beats them all in comfort and in sound quality
1 year later and its still my favorite headset ever, 100% would reccomend
Great for the price, pretty good sound quality. Removable mic and braided chord are awesome, although the cord connection into the headset feels kinda flimsy, but post six months it is still fine (even after some hard tugs) so it may not be anything to worry about. I use these everyday, would definitely recommend it.
This headset sounds so amazing! At first I was a little sceptical about it since some people says it broke easily. But I used it for awhile now and it is still perfectly fine. I can use it for hours and hours and it feels as good as it was before I put them on. I love this headset!
Lasts long , good sound, looks nice, feels nice (fits around the ear not on the ear), and doesnt break the bank.
Excellent compared to turtle beach and my new go to headset brand
Perfect... nuf said.
Had this headset for almost a year now and I had the Cloud I before it. I personally never use the 7.1 Surround and I recommend that you never do either, but it is still a great headset for the price, solid mic quality, and feels great on my head for long wear sessions. I will say that I had a problem with the mic on my first unit and was forced to RMA it. However, the support guys were great and got my new one to me within two weeks and I havent had a problem since.
Literally the greatest headset i have ever owned. Its incredibly comfortable, amazing sound quality, amazing build quality, and even though i use a different microphone than the one on the headset, it also has great recording quality. 10/10 and i always recommend this to anyone looking for a headset.
These worked right out of the box absolutely wonderfully! Had to tweak my computer but headphones were spot on and sound amazing in game and listening to music, in fact now my earbuds sound awful! LOL Well worth the money! They were so nich I bought my honey the same pair and she loves them. ( Note: the removable ear pieces are a pain to remove and get back on but otherwise the sound is incredible. When I first opened the outside box it was like opening jewelry.
I love this headset. In the past, I have used the razer carcharias, the steelseries sibera v2, as well as audiotechnica m50x with a separate neewer mic, and using just using this for mic and audio has been the setup I have most enjoyed. Now, the reason I bought this is I heard it is good for big heads. I have a large head and the ATH m50x headphones were extremely tight for me and I got headaches wearing them. The m50x headphones were also quite heavy and hurt my neck after a while. I looked at the weight on these and they were much lighter than the m50x. In terms of comfort, these lived up to my expectations. These are nice and roomy, not too tight but not loose either. The cups are comfortable, I preferred swapping the faux leather cups for the fabric cups that are included with the headset, I found the fabric more comfortable. The mic quality is acceptable, its not a blue yeti or professional grade mic, but my friends tell me I come through clearly and when I stream or record my voice, I dont hear much background noise despite having a big fan blowing right behind me. DISCLAIMER: I am not an audiophile and dont notice the difference between average and high quality audio equipment. With that said, the on-board soundcard with 7.1 sounds great to me. As a gamer, the surround helps to detect enemies in FPS games. The on-board soundcard is also optional, you can just plug the jack into your computer and skip the soundcard if you prefer.
GREAT headset for the $$$ especially. Comes with a external Sound Card that i Guarantee to sound better than your onboard audio with nice visuals and simple controls! Great LIGHT headset when compared to my other inferior Astro A40 Headset. Love the Look / Comfort / Quality of this Mic and it is for sure the best buy at this Price Range.
For anyone confused, the surround sound does not work on Xbox. I bought these knowing this for sure and absolutely love them. Coming from turtle beach x42s they are a definite improvement. I would recommend these to anyone.
These are amazing. VERY much worth the price.  Great sound quality and incredibly comfortable to wear for long periods.I am extremely pleased with this headset, enough so that I plan to buy another as a gift.
Like others say, this is worth every penny. Deep and impactful sound. Not super heavy but enough bass and clear mid and high tone.
The sound quality is absolutly amazing for the price,the mic do its job like perfectly and I love it! However the only problem you will face is changing the ear cup(I think) its really hard! make sure you do it in you spare time.
Great but it squeeze my head after a bit and doesnt fit super well over my glasses. Sometimes I get headaches but only after a few hours of gaming. I love everything else about this though. I really love how the mic piece comes out so if you just want to watch stuff while my gf sleeps it doesnt get in the way and whats better the cord is made of great materials that doesnt get stuck in bends and it never slowly keeps in whatever shape it is in most like normal wires and cords that have that rubbery feel. Also rarely tangles. Only had it tangle once but it couldve been barely considered tangled.
Great quality and instant setup on Windows 10 but I really wanted to commend them on their packaging.  The Box it comes in was quite sturdy and the foam insert was quality.  I love a good packaging experience and HyperX did not disappoint.  The spare earpads were a nice unexpected touch, and the switching process was easy. Oh yeah, and it sounds great and the Mic seems good, if anyone in Overwatch ever used Team Chat I could verify that fact.  So lonely, solo  queue is pain.
This headset checks on everything I am looking for in a headset. The overall build of this headset feels sturdy and its thanks in part to the aluminum frame. This is important to me because all my headsets ends up chipped or completed destroyed because they are made of plastic. I also like the modular design approach that Kingston has produced. I can easily take out the mic and usb adapter and becomes headphones. I carry these around as headphones so it also doubles as my daily drivers. The price is 99 dollars retail. Some people might say that its too much of a premium but considering that the headsets with this level of functionality is 200 dollars plus range, I would say that this headset is a steal for this price.
super fast shipping..the mic is the best..very good sound..i also run a test versus the sony but this one still different...works perfect for listening music too..was definitely worth it.Thank You.
Very well made.  I wish I had bought them sooner.  Worth the $$$
Works great as expected
Love these so much! they are really comfortable over the ears and do not pinch my ears. They feel legit and its plug and play.
The sound clarity in these is phenomenal. And the 7.1 surround simulator is pretty neat as well.
great gaming headphones, easy to change settings.
Most comfortable headset I have ever worn. I went back to my old G35 headset though as I cant stand having to find the switch to mute my mic instead of pressing a button on my headset or moving my mic up.
When I purchased one of these headsets i thought i was going to be the same as all the other highend headsets with the sound and 7.1 a gimmick but I was wrong it actually really good the sound is actually amplified
Extremely high quality.
Love this.
Pretty long cable can be very annoying to get out of the way. I have a  pretty big head and ears so after a couple hours my ears hurt. For people trying to figure out how to use the surround sound on PS4. When your ps4 turns on and you log on. Plug in your headset using the usb thing and as soon as the headset turns on press the surround sound button.
First day just got the hyerx cloud 2, #1 headphones are stupid comfortable, no creaking or cracking sound when you put them on, and cups fit over the ears (medium sized ears) rather than smashing your ears into your head. Way better than pulse elite or golds for PlayStation.  #2 plugged into 3.5mm jack on the controller sounds awesome, mic is also as loud as you need and smooth, no naseley or muffled sound. #3 usb works but will not be able to use Mic or game volume and you will notice the 7.1 wont light up. # fix Turn off ps4, plug headset in to usb adapter and plug usb in.  Turn on ps4, when hyper lights up on usb dongle press 7.1 unroll it lights up. Now you can turn it on and off and will be able to tell the difference. If you press Mic or game volume or mute Mic on the side you might lock the dongle 7.1 button to on or off. Just dont do that or you will again have to turn off then on your ps4.  If you use this as a guide they should work great for ps4 peeps. Also with usb hooked up you need to turn your Mic up a bit, not sure why but when I was recording and listening to messages I needed to turn up the mike a bit. #4  Also sounds A+ for headphones on a phone, Mic also works and everybody Ive called said I sound excellent. Music is superb, great bass but not to much that it distorts. All in all I am impressed.
Good.
Really good headphones, amazon delivered quickly, what else could you want?
awesome
Not alot to say that hasnt been said .....great product
The only others I have are Sennheiser PC 350 headsets.  The Cloud II headsets are clearly superior in comfort.  The audio quality seems fine to me.
Work flawlessly, sound every bit as good as my audio-technica headphones that cost considerably more.
OVerall: a VERY good headphone to game with. Comfrtable with pretty good sound, something i need for the shooters i play. My only complaint would be that the adapter that comes with it only works for cmoptuer. You can run sound through it but the controls wont work with consoles.  For the price im paying i would expect to be a feature
Solid sound and a great mic!
Great headset. Good mic quality, good sound quality, comfortable.
Good.
I can say nothing bad if these headphones. Very good response and comfortable. I use on PC and Xbox one and I have very good results with both. The extra ear cups are a fantastic bonus
AMAZING headphones, EXTREMELY comfortable! Great sound production, i can tell exactly where the enemy is just by footsteps! They look great as well and come with both leather (pu maybe?) ear cups and foam ear cups. I cant comment on the mic quality because i use a blue snowball and what drew me to these was the detachable mic, but judging by the quality of the headphones i would imagine its great as well. The included external sound card is great as well has controls for the mic and sound and glows red where it says hyper x and the 7.1 glows when on. When or if these break i will buy another pair without hesitation! All the cables are sleeved and very nice quailty, i can wear these for hours on end and not even realize im wearing them.
I was looking into a more comfortable headset when playing games and I was recommended this product. I have to say it has met all of my expectations in terms of being comfortable and working perfectly. worth the price.
Awesome headset, have had them for about a year now. Great sound, look great, and I can keep them on for hours without any discomfort. Ive owned a bunch of headphones since they keep breaking. I had two Turtle beaches, two tritons, and Astro a40s, they all broke over time but these are still going strong. I recommend these to anyone looking for great all round headphones. I am also looking into getting an amp to keep on my desk to which I can plug these into instead of the super long cable.
I use this on my pc and I must say, it looks and feels really really great. However, I have some issues with it, specifically: 1) The noise cancelling is too good. No really, as a gamer in my room, when I have on these I hear NOTHING outside. Which may be a good thing for some, but the average person who has other home occupants in their home, you may want to be wary of not being aware of whats going on around you. 2) The USB sound card does not allow you to change the mic options on the computer. You can only increase or decrease the mic volume via the in line usb card. Which kind of sucks as there is no indicator as to the mic level and I have to rely on people on voice chat telling me, hey, your mic is soft. Clarity wise its really good, just wish there was some other way to change the mic levels. Oh, and it randomly resets :\ 3) The bass. Now it is a gaming headset yes, but if youre like me and love to listen to music while gaming or just in general, you WILL be quite disappointment with the bass levels. All in all, a really well designed headset. No problems with prolonged gaming. One or two issues that I would have liked to be addressed.
Idk how i ever lived without these, the sound is absolutely amazing compared to past headsets. Its simple and sturdy design makes it feel like this headset will last a decade and sound great the whole time+^_^+ I leave the built in 7.1 surround off in favor of using the much more customizable Razer Synapse surround software.
Very comfortable. The only thing I have an issue with is that the sound wasnt as quality as I wanted it, but its nice and bulky and fits comfortably on my head.
The best
Super comfortable headset with ultra plush memory foam earpads. Mic is okay, but nothing to write home about. One thing I would have liked is the option to use it as a standard dual 3.5mm headset, instead of having to use the USB connection, as I constantly have to change Windows sound settings to make the USB headset the default playback device, when I dont want to use speakers.
I love it, but i lost the usb thing and its not working like before and the sound quality is not good without it a tip do not lose it ! i tried to buy it but didnt find any link that they sell it , if anyone find it please pm the link ty
sound is good for the price point but the real thing that got me is the comfort. I have a larger head and wear glasses so normally headsets are a bit of an issue. Not these though, the name is perfect because it feels like my head is being hugged by a cloud when i put these on and are still comfortable even after wearing them all day(8+ hours)
Still using it after a year and 4 months. Never given me any problems yet. I never have had a headphone last this long and sounds good doing it. I use the 7.1 setting for gaming, but not for listening to movies or music.
So far so good
This gaming headset lets me track down nearby players to assassinate them with ease.
Love these for gaming. Works great. Sound is awesome.
I have no complaints about the head phones. I work in a call center and I can hear the customers and the headphones reduce the noise from the other agents and sound around. It works great when listening to music on my iPhone 5s and great on phone calls that come through on my phone.
It is a great headset for gaming. Alas the clip on the hyperx 7.1 attachment broke.
I own this model.  I like the pleather, but after about 2-3 hours of gaming, RIP ears and head.  I had to switch to the fabric, which you lose some noise cancellation, but you dont get the grip of death unless youre sitting there for more than 8 hours, which all headphones will do at that point and its more of a fatigue than death grip at that point.  2nd, the microphone is nice that it is detachable because it is subpar for quality and you cant flip it up out of the way or get it out of your vision without bending it awkwardly which is lame.  But because it came with the fabric pads, and because the microphone is detachavle, it cancels out the bad and I will give them 5 stars !  :)
5 stars
My son loves them. Uses them even on his iPhone. Well the old iPhone that has the earplug port. Best part is they cancel the noise so well I can sneak up behind him every once in awhile and make him jump. ;)
What can I say? Its a great headset! I can use it on my phone via the jack, or on my computer via the USB or the jack. Its got great sound, decent bass, decent MIC, overall you cant go wrong with getting this piece of tech
A-Mazing! My gaming buddy suggested it, and I love them. I can wear them for hours, thats how comfortable these are. <3
Great headset but low mic problem and can turn it up with the dongle. Looked through forums and no luck i had to get a y splitter.
These headphones will change your life. The mic and the sound quality are excellent and theyre really comfortable. I have glasses so that means a lot.
What can I say. Gunmetal ,comes with its own bag, quality sound. Insane. For all those who give a complaint, its something that they did wrong. You can listen to your own voice by going to control panel sound and go to recording tab then click properties then listen to this device and apply and bam you can hear yourself. PS4 can use the sound card on the USB, I even used the sound card for seperate speakers. Perfect headset.
Best headset Ive ever used!  Audio is great, mic is great, and band is metal. Very sturdy and great product!
Ive had Triton, turtlebeach, sennheiser, sony and etc. These cloud IIs are the best built period. Ive paid way more on those other brands, just to get plastic components.
Its comfortable and has good sound quality, with a decent mic.
The headphones are great quality and very sturdy, my only complaint is the cord being tangled 100% of the time.
The Headset is absloutely Amazing , I had it for over a year now and it still blows my mind , the sound is loud and crisp , somtimes when i dont want to wear a headset i just crank up the voice and use the headset as a speaker .... , although the left side stopped working after 6months , i didnt notice it rightaway cuz i always just use the right speaker and leave the left side open so i can hear things around me(btw this was a manufacturing defect) , but thanks to amazon i got my money back , but i would purchase again if the right side goes out , its simply an amazing and durable headset for all usage , movies,gaming, etc , and would recommend it to anyone who wants a decent headset
I spend hours with these on, and the memory foam ear cushions are very nice. Only sometimes feel small amounts of discomfort.
Comfy. Great quality. Unbeatable price.
the most amazing headset i have ever had in my entire life, the comfort level is OMG IM IN HEAVEN, the made quality they dont break I use to go threw 4 or 5 pc turtle beaches a freakin month I have had this daily use and abuse too they are amazing! sound quality isnt the BEST but its damn good for the price! its very decent audio esepically if you buy sound blaster x with it..... sounds amazing.
These are fantastic headphones, great sound, good mic, tough, and very comfortable! After using these headphones for a year and using them on the PS4, XB1, & PC, they still sound perfect! The mic voice quality is perfect for in game chat and chatting with your friends, its the greatest voice quality but it does what you need. The headphones quality is great. These the most durable headphones I have ever owned, theyve been dropped, smacked and the they dont have any sign of damage.
Sound is great, Ive become very used to the immersion from using the headset when I play games, both ear pad options are very comfortable. When I had trouble with the product, Kingston made good on their warranty and helped me replace the necessary parts, and eventually a replacement headset.
favorite headset ever. super cheap comfortable and the mic is incredible. If you have a large head it might be a problem because it is a small headset..
One of the best budget gaming headsets Ive purchased! Would totally recommend it!
These headphones are the BOMB! I love these things. The audio is stunning for headphones at this price point. They are very comfortable and can be worn for over 12 hours at a time, with no overheating or discomfort. I also like the included velour earpads that are a pain to get on, as well as the carrying case. They are made of mostly leather and are stitched, with prevents fraying. These are very sturdy and have become my go to pair of headphones. Nice job hyperx!
One of the best purchase Ive ever made. Great sound, and I use it all the time for my phone, pc ,ps4, and xbone.
The sound quality is very good, but my favorite thing about them is how comfortable they are. I can wear these all day with no issue.
Excellent sound. It is noise cancelling which means you can hear very little if any sound around you. A- on the ease of use on the ears for long periods, but they are very, very comfortable. The 7.1 surround sound is excellent for gaming. The cord is highly durable. This is my 2nd purchase. The first one is over a year old and performs perfectly. I highly recommend this product.
This is one of the most comfortable headsets that I have ever purchased. Ive had many headsets over the years, and this surpasses the rest. I purchased the HyperX Cloud II because my Logitech G930s broke about 3 months after using them. When I took the HyperX Cloud IIs out of the box and held them in my hand, they feel like they are built to last. It was nice to see that it was metal instead of plastic. I know from past experiences that plastic has a much higher tendency to break. The microphone arm, as well as a different set of over-the-ear pads were included in the box. How do they feel? With the metal band I thought that my neck would get tired from wearing them for an extended period of time, but after 8 hours of gaming, that never once occurred. They fit nicely over my ears, and dont cause any pressure points around my ears. The padded headband along the top of the headset is extremely comfortable, and I have yet to find anything wrong with it. As far as sound goes, its exactly what you would expect from a 7.1 surround headset. There is a toggle on the wire leading to the USB connector labeled "7.1". Click it, and instantly be emerged in surround sound. I would highly recommend these headphones if you are a gamer. When compared to other high quality headphones at the 99.99 price point or higher, there is simply no competition. The HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset is by far the best choice
For starters, the packaging really gave an excellent first impression. The box uses sturdy cardboard with a soft satin finish. Everything is beautifully laid out in the box as far as cables and the detachable mic. These are one of the most comfortable headsets Ive ever worn and Ive owned quite a few. The ear pads are very comfy and fit perfectly around my ears. Both the felt and leather style feel great. The memory foam band on top is a nice touch and all around its firm and secure without over stepping bounds. Ivenhad other head sets like the Steel Series Siberia v2 get a littler tiresome to wear for 4 hours or more. These I could wear all day and be fine with it. They also do a decent job at sound deadening. They dont block everything but they do block quite a bit. The mic quality is definitely up there. I have a lot of background noise where Im at and rarely is it picked up. The mic is also crystal clear. Sound quality in these rivals many audiophile headphones in the same price bracket. Im an audiophile and design custom speaker enclosures for both home and car use. I like music loud, accurate, clean, and full frequency. I didnt expect too much from a gaming headset but was very impressed. Sure I have heard better from proper 2.1 setups and from pure audiophile headsets but these still put a smile on my face. Music is crisp, pretty accurate, plenty loud, and flat across the board minus what seems to be a minor dip in midbass and low frequency vocals. This gives a sound feeling similar to having the "rock" preset eq chosen for those not familiar. The bass extends well into the 20hz region with authority and without sounding bloated or distorted. Im also a big Basshead and was not disappointed listening to even the most ridiculous Decaf or Chopped and Screwed music. All in all Im very impressed and very happy with this purchase. Definitely worth the money and better than other sets Ive had in this price range.
I love these. I did see the negative reviews. Ive not had any issues with these. They fit great and I can where them for hours. My guildies in Voice chats noticed I was using a different headset as I sounded clearer and had less back ground noise. I use these all the time even when not in voice chat. I listen to music and movies with these as well. I had been looking for a new set for a long long time. I was down to 3 sets and leaning toward these. These were on sale for black friday and I could not pass up and glad I did not pass up.
This headset is excellent on every level; it sounds great with both surround and stereo modes, its super comfortable, its stupid-easy to set up and it looks great as well. My only complaint is that the ear covers are a bit difficult to swap. If youre in the market for a gaming headset, it would be foolish to pass this one up.
The best. Dont need to explain if you are thinking of buying the lower model dont these things are plug and play and they are amazing. I will probably buy them again if they ever break (which is unlikely its solid plastic and Iodized steel). Update 7/23/17 I have owned these for almost a year now and they are by far the best headphones I have ever owned. If anything happens to them I will buy another pair.
good
My dog just ate the wire, any suggestions?
Works great, they are comfortable to wear all day, and the detachable mic is nice. The cord is nice and long, so you dont have to worry about where your desktop is in relation to where you sit.
Great product, has amazing sound cancellation. My only complaint is the mic is a bit quiet, but if you use it on something like Discord, you are fine. I love this headset, been using this for 7 months now.
Seriously, if youre looking through reviews because of the 4 star rating, just buy these already, these are so far the best headphones Ive ever used, the comfort on these are the best out of all the headphones Ive tested. A strong, lightweight body and memory foam should be standard with all headphones. The sound is more in the studio grade audio, but with a little too much bass, but not overpowering like razer headsets. I dont use the mic, but I have tested it, and its pretty decent for a microphone. A little quiet, but can be boosted. These pair great with my blue yeti mic. Strongly recommended.
i love this item! the muffs are cushy (comes with 2 diff fabrics) love the cloth cord, love that the mic is removable so i can use for music when traveling.
Great headset, comfortable for a big head. My only complaint is that the clip for the controls box was poor quality and broke off within a month.
broken 3 times on the left headset but replaced every time
I have a youtube channel with a lot of followers I would love to review your prodect and show it to all my followers
I want to start off saying that I purchased these for my personal use and I didnt receive them to test of for free. I love these cans!!!  They are awesome!  I have yet to use the cloth ear pieces but with as comfortable as the leather ones feel I dont think I ever will.  Super comfortable, even with long play sessions.  The red and black is a nice accent and I like the fact that the mic is removable.  It comes with a little plug to put in the spot to almost hide the hole.  The reason that I like that so much is because these headphones sound great for music.  I use them a lot of the time with no mic just to listen to music.  They do not have any drivers that need to install on the computer to work, on the inline controller there is a 7.1 button that sounds great in games. The inline controller also has a mute switch to my the mic and vol. up & down as well as mic vol. up & down.  My previous set I sold to a friend because it kept messing up with my gaming and discord.  The mic would shut off and then discord would act all goofy.  I was told that happens with all usb headsets but I was skeptical.  So I sold those and bought these and they have worked flawlessly!  No issues or problems.  These also disconnect from the inline controller and the cord from there to the headphones is about 3-4 feet long.  I would have liked it to be a little longer but it will due since when I use them for music I usually use my phone so I dont really need the cord that long.  My previous headsets cord, when disconnected from the 7.1 usb that it came with was almost 10.  That was overkill.  I wasnt going to bash the competition by saying my previous headset but if you own a Logitech 430 and you are contemplating getting a new headset, I know this one is kind of in a different category and more expensive but it is worth every penny. I read and watched many reviews before purchasing these and I found that these always came in 1 & 2 compared to similar priced and ranked items.  I have seem them beat out Razer Man-O-Wars, Logitech 930s, Kingstons own Revolvers and many other ones.  I am sure those are good headsets as well and that is based on others opinions.  This is my own and I havent had the pleasure of trying out any of those products so hey, they might be better than these but I love this headset.  If you want an upgrade and dont have $150 to blow, I found these on sale at $90.  You wont be disappointed.
I was a little disappointed at first that there was no volume control for the headphones and it just changed your PCs volume, but the sound quality makes up for it and then some. Fantastic headset and I feel its a steal at $100.
This thing is the fanciest pair of headphones I have ever bought. They came with replacement earcovers which is a first, not to mention all the wires you would need to make it compatible with xbox, ps4 and pc. The comfort is good and they are pretty lightweight. I highly approve. You can take the mic out if youre not using it as well, which is a bonus since mics tend to die a lot. I wonder if they replace mics? Ah well. Fancy Headset get!
OUTSTANDING in every respect.
Im on my phone so this wont be terribly long. Great headset. I had been using an Audio-Technica m50x which is great for music but had no microphone option. Ive been using the HyperX now for a few days and it sounds great (but Im no audiophile). Pros: * comfortable * controls for mic built in to the in-line control box * detachable mic Con: * cant hear yourself in your earphones - which I dont think is that much of a con so no star removal but remember that before you start shouting at your teammates.
Love it, soft, barely can hear anything around me including TV and barking dogs. Worth it
Headset is good and all but my mic is broken when I got it from the box.
Work amazingly, 10/10, perfect for the crappy sound in CS:GO!
I received this as a gift for Christmas and I love them.  They have great sound for a headset in this price range and being able to remove the mic is a great feature.  The build quality seems good but I have only been using them two months now so long term durability is up for the debate.  They come packed well and were plug and play with my PC and PS4.
amazing voice, soo clear
Husband loves these for PC gaming
Sound quality and microphone are VERY GOOD. Not the best sound quality Ive had, but likely the best for the cost. Its a very heavy headset and clamps to your head a little tight It cancels A LOT of noise out, so far as I have to remove them when someone is talking at a regular volume standing directly next to me Songs and sound effects with a lot of bass can "rattle" your ear drum and leave ringing in your ears - its discomforting at times Most if not all of the above can be mitigated and worked around so Im still giving the product 4 stars because its a very good headset if you are okay with tinkering with it. However, if youre bothered by any of the above you probably want to keep looking.
These headphones are great, I am quite satisfied, especially for the price. However, those of you buying do absolutely need to know a couple things 1. There is no 7.1 surround sound with consoles, as you need a usb port and the included audio adapter to do that. I have a pc so this is not a problem for me, but those of you on xbox one or ps4 just know. I barely notice without it though so definitely not a big deal. 2. The mic can get very quiet if you dont have it positioned near your mouth. i often get complaints that my mic is too quiet. The good side of this though is that it doesnt pick up background noise at all. 3. These are the best feeling headphones I have ever had. You dont even notice theyre on your head theyre that light. Its amazing. 4. Many of you wont notice this, but most other gaming headphones are very bass heavy, these most definitely are not, and can sound a little weird if thats what youre used to. Theyre good sounding, just since I listen to a lot of rap on my very bass heavy speakers, the transition to these can be quite odd. I hope this all helped. These are just a few things I would have liked to know before buying.
Comfortable and sounds great.  The only criticism I have is that I wish there was a way to keep the mic attached but put it away somewhere when not in use.  I dont like having it there when Im not using it and you have to detach it or bend it a bunch to move it out of the way.
Very comfortable and loud! :D
very comfortable and great sound. Highly recommend.
nice comfy headset, good sound & mic
Good quality for the price but the noise cancelation is bad
Super comfy. The sound is great and the construction feels sturdy. Great headset
My grandson is very happy with this product
Starting from the package this item has quality. The box was strong, attractive and well layed out. The headset is put together with quality parts and doesnt feel like it will break from anything short from throwing it. The 7.1 surround is full and immersive and the inline volume adjustment and mic volume is a nice feature. The only drawback that I have is the headset sits a bit snug on the ears and tends to make my ears sore after long periods of use.
Best headset Ive bought! Cables are good and surround sound is excellent. Microphone is a bit hard to plug in but it will fit. Over all great buy.
Excellent quality headphones, extremely comfortable for long gaming sessions.
When I opened the box I knew this was a worthwhile investment. With a detachable mic, extra ear covers, additional connectors, and a mesh bag in addition to the headphones it was a great bundle. But the best part was two-fold, when I placed the headphones on my ears (which are so soft and smooth it is unbelievable) and when I started listening on them (so crisp, balanced, and wonderful). These headphones, in my opinion are well worth the extra money.
Fancy package, looks nice, seems nice, feels nice, thought it was leaving some black residue on my ear as it started happening shortly after this purchase, and well, the worst part about this is I take perfect care of this headset and the mic stopped working barely after a month. I got maybe ten gaming sessions out of it. Looks like its back to using my old Razer kraken 7.1 :( was excited.  Unfortunately Im just passed my Amazon return policy by a couple days so it looks like Ive wasted $100 on this junk that leaves black specks on my ears and poor quality microphone. UPDATE: Spoke with Kingston and they are sending a new mic and ear cups. I hope this resolves everything.  Assuming so, and no other problems, I will update my review. Their customer service is nice, assuming what they advised me is true. It wasnt difficult at all to get the help I hopefully needed and was promised they will be sent out tomorrow which is pretty quick compared to most RMA procedures. UPDATE 2: I received the new mic and ear cups. Kingston is awesome! Easiest RMA process ever. Friendly support.  I have fallen in love with this headset again, also, realing how incredibly PAINFUL the kraken 7.1 from razer are to wear compared to this. The mic is crystal clear. The usb dongle is great with mic plugged in for PC use. I then can detach the mic and detach from the USB dongle and use it on my Nintendo Switch or smart phone! I am not an audio freak, but I do enjoy listening to music and these do the job well, not sure why there are any complaints, its not a $350 headset.
In the box: One headset with leatherette covered memory foam ear pads attached on a 1 meter braided cord with 3.5mm plug, two additional velour covered memory foam ear pads, one 3.5mm airplane adapter, one detachable 3.5mm mic, one 2 meter braided cord with inline sound card/volume control and USB plug, one 2 pocket mesh cinch bag. The headset pleasingly comfortable yet fits snugly over my ears. I have a large head and a lot of hair, but it extends easily and securely (with room to spare). There is soft padding on the inside of the headband which is quite comfortable and Id assume people with little or no hair would find this nice. The padding on the cups is removable, and the box came with 2 sets; velour covered and leatherette covered. Both sets feature the memory foam inside the pads and are undeniably comfortable. While the leatherette is more luxurious, I find the velour set is physically cooler for long term usage. Removal and replacement are easy and the pads slot securely into place. Im sure they will accommodate the largest of ears. The braided cord is thick and attractive (even the leads from the band to the cups are braided). It comes in two pieces; the meter-long first piece, connected to the headset, terminates in a 3.5mm plug and the 2 meter long extension that has the inline sound card on one end and a single USB plug on the other. Altogether this makes for a very long cord, but its easily swept aside or around your back while in use. The inline sound card has 3 functions: headset volume, mic volume, and virtual 7.1 surround on/off. The headset can be used without the 2 meter usb extension as a regular set of headphones, with a smartphone or on planes, for example. My Samsung S7 had no problem driving the headset to even uncomfortable volumes. The cups dont completely isolate the outside world, but when in actual use, your audio is all you hear. The detachable mic is nifty. It plugs in securely on the left side with a 3.5mm jack and features an infinitely bendable but stable stalk to position it exactly where you want it. The foam pad on the head of the mic is removable, I guess for replacement or simply for those so inclined to do so. When the mic is detached, the headset is great for music without the boom in the way. Sound quality in and out is great. As someone who appreciates a good, clear low end, this headset can go low and make you feel it, without sacrificing clarity and volume in the highs. Conversely, there doesnt seem to be any processing attenuating the bass when the mids and highs are screaming. If you want "powerful" this will deliver. It sometimes seems heavy in the midbass with movies, but not distractingly so. Music sounds wonderful, with the a huge dynamic range covered by the drivers. The virtual 7.1 processing is a fun and cool feature, but is by no means a replacement for a real 5.1 or 7.1 experience. Being able to switch it off is helpful when games offer their own Dolby processing, though. Having the choice is the best part of the inline sound card. Sound quality on the mic seems great. I have a deep voice but have no issues with others hearing me clearly. Keep in mind that the inline sound card seems to disable the Windows mic volume control, but thats okay when you have a single connection and the volume control right on the cord. When using the USB connection there was no software to install. Windows recognized the headset immediately. It was ready to use out of the box. This is my first gaming headset, so my experience in the field in limited, but I cannot stress how attractive, versatile, and pleasing to use the HyperX Cloud II is. I didnt even realize the cinch bag was included until I took the hefty box completely apart and found it folder neatly in what looked like a a simple spacer. Im impressed with every aspect of this device and Im happy with my choice.
Overall very good product. I love them. Be careful with the mic and cable cords, mine frayed and the USB dongle bent when unplugging. I replaced it, but the mic still isnt working, so now I have to replace it as well. 40$ for both. So if your mic stops working, try to test the microphone itself first. Save yourself 30$.
Good budget headset with solid audio input and output capabilities. Will be my go-to along with the Corsair Void (For Wireless purposes).
Sound quality is great and they are very comfortable. Great quality for the price!
These headphones are awesome. Personally, I purchased them because I owned a pair of Turtle Beach headphones and could not wear them for more than an hour without getting a headache from my glasses being pressed into the sides of my head. Not only are they ridiculously comfortable (I cant feel my glasses being pressed into my head anymore) they offer amazing sound for the price and they arent much more expensive than some of their inferior competitors. All-in-all, theyll give you the edge in competitive gaming, they sound great (with noise-cancelling), look great, and feel amazing
Amazing quality and easy to set up and use.
This headset is just flat our amazing. I have a PS4 and the stereo sound quality is just ridiculous. I use these to replace my PS4 gold wireless headset. When used with the sound card and USB port on my PS4 the surround sound mode goves your game a whole new experience and is just awesome. The volume and other buttons on the sound card do not currently work (the mute button does work) with the PS4 so if you try to use them it will "lock up" the sound card in the current mode and you wont be able to toggle the surround sound on/off unless you restart your PS4 but once you setup the sound settings and mic settings inside your audio device settings on your PS4, you wont have to touch them again. The mic is fantastic as well. I also have to give a big shoutout to the quality of these guys. They are VERY VERY comfortable and amazingly well made. I can wear these for those long 6 hour sessions without any fatigue at all on my ears. The only thing painful about those long sessions is listening to my wife complain about me playing video games for so long. They use a cord but it is long and very durable/tangle free and i had no problem going from wireless to a cord especially for the boost in performance and comfort. Dont spend your money on overpriced headsets. They might sound good but trust me, you wont notice the extra quality but you will notice the extra 200$ you just spent that is missing from your bank account.
This headset is outstanding.  It is very comfortable to wear for long periods of time.  The surround sound is very effective and the cord is plenty long for all my uses.  The microphone is easily adjustable tor any use. I like the braided cover over the cord, which protects it from damage.  I cannot think of one thing I dont like about this headset.
Excellent headset!  Great 7.1 sound, even on PS4.  Easy to set up, just plug and play.  Nice, solid feel.  Metal headband parts add strength to stress points where plastic headsets often break.
Sounds great, super comfortable, Id definitely buy again.
The sound quality from this headset is so great. The other pros: Noise cancelling, surround sound, extremely comfortable even when you have them on for hours. This headset is one of the best ones I have ever used, and I have owned other top quality brands like astros and turtle beach. Highly recommend this product.
I gave this 5/5 Pros: Love the metal/aluminum headset frame. This is the best design so far just because it will never break on me, normal regular use. God knows how many headsets with plastic frames I have broken with my big head. Mic is detachable which is great if I want to just listen to some tunes on my phone. Detachable USB cord extension/converter audio jack for controller support Cons: audio jack to head set main cord is non-detachable but definitely not a deal breaker and still deserves the 5 stars.
I was in the market for a new Headset for gaming and to watch shows on my PC. This is by far the best Headset I have owned for primarily gaming. I wanted something with a metal frame. - I previously bought some Senteys headset, and can only say they were poorly build. In the end they failed at the volume control part. I know if this happens to these headset, you can just buy another volume control unit. I was lucky enough to get them at $65 of here on amazon.com, they feel comfy the sound in or coming out of it is great. For me I can wear these for hours (and I did wear them for hours). I can only highly recommend of these.
comfortable and works soooo well
My son, 16, uses these extensively and is very happy with them. Update:  These last about 2-3 years of average use.
Had it for over 6 months and use it every day no sign of wear works great
Been using this for almost two years now and Im still loving it. Microphone sounds good, super comfortable (even for several hours continual use), excellent quality and good cancellation. I recommend these now to all my friends. They even can handle getting tossed around a bit, and its super easy to pop in the ear pieces back into the frame if they come out.
Awesome headset. Right there with Astro headsets for more than half the price.
Works great my husband loves them so much
I purchased these for my boyfriend for Christmas. He is a really big gamer and requested these based off tons of research. He loves them! I would recommend them to any person who needs a headset for gaming.
I got these headphones for my friend and he absolutely loves them! He games with them, listens to music with them, and is very satisfied with them.
I bought this " " for my wife.  Her most important criteria was comfort during her gaming sessions.  This headset is the closest Ive come to that.  After several hours of gaming, they do start hurting the top of her head a bit.  But, theyre far better than anything else shes tried.  Ive tried them for a bit and can confirm their lightness and comfort.  Also, except for having a bit more bass than Id prefer, they sound wonderful.  As an added bonus, with their USB connection, they connect perfectly and practically seamlessly to her Windows 10 computer.  Im rating them at a Very Good 4 stars out of 5 (dropping the rating a star primarily because of what I consider to be excess bass -- but, if you want the bass, consider them to be 5 star headsets and give them a try). EDIT (04/01/2019):  Its been a bit over two years since weve had these (my wifes and the pair I bought for myself shortly after I bought hers) and the microphone on hers started going bad.  Unfortunately, HyperXs support and parts store are terrible.  Since they dont sell the replacement microphone here on Amazon (a 3rd party does for two or three times what it should cost), I tried buying from the HyperX web site.  It flat out doesnt work.  I contacted them and told them about it, but they just dont care.  I even posted about it on their Facebook page.  Ditto.  So, I have no idea what to do.  I need a $10 replacement microphone but cant get anyone to take my money and sell me one.  And, of course, no one sells it locally.  So, even though we love the headsets, beware if you even need parts or service.
I read a lot of good reviews for this headset so decided to take the plunge. After a couple months of use Im pleased with them, and would buy another set if these ever break. The sound quality is good, my friends can hear me clearly while in chat, and they are pretty comfortable after wearing them for long gaming sessions.
Awesome headset even some professional gamers use these good price
Best all around headphones out there.
bought for grandson and he has complained once..
The HyperX Cloud II headset is great quality and durability for the money. This is a no-brainer purchase for PC players as the USB soundcard will activate the 7-channel surround. HOWEVER, Xbox One and PS4 players may not feel as hot when they find out that this is not a surround sound headset without the use of the USB wireless attachment. I know for XB1 users this headset turns into a good quality stereo headset and thats all youre getting. Im assuming its the same for the PS4 since the USB dongle is likely not used (its a dongle that is compatible with PC operating systems, not gaming operating systems). So instead of surround sound youre getting simple 2-channel audio. Thats actually not a bad deal BUT that means that youre potentially overpaying for a feature that is unusable, if youre a console gamer. Also, while the mic is good quality, it has ZERO noise cancellation. This means that ANYTHING that happens within 10-15 feet of you is going to be picked up by the mic. My roommates can yell at me from 20 away and itll clearly pick up in the mic and my friends will hear it. This is a missed feature by the Cloud II headset and is an odd one to leave out. If they had the mic offer noise cancellation and the ear cups werent some form of leather, this would be a perfect 5-star headset (the "leather" material from the cups will warm up over time and not be quite as comfortable after 2-3 hours of use). This is one of the best headsets you can buy for under $100, but when you step down from surround sound to stereo due to the console connection not recognizing the USB sound card, the Cloud II headset loses a little bit of value and becomes one of several good options, rather than the run-away winner that it would have been.
Just received these after my Turtle Beach XO Seven Pros broke. I was happy enough with the Turtle Beachs, but not thrilled when they broke after not even one year of normal use. I bought these to avoid the sickening amount of plastic that Turtle Beach uses (which is what did them in), and couldnt be happier I did so. I have not yet used the 7.1 feature yet, so I may update as I have seen a few ppl have issues with it, but as a standard gaming headset for Xbox One, these beat out the XO 7s in every category, and they are $20 cheaper as well (full retail). From packaging to build quality to sound quality, these are superior. For a $100 headset, these cannot be beat.
Bought these for my sons Birthday. He loves them. Great price.
This is one of the most comfortable headsets Ive ever had. I have a smaller head, so most either dont fit correctly, or some (like the Turtle Beach X12s) hurt and compress on my temples, even with adjusting. This also cancels out background noise really well. I hardly hear any background noise, including conversations in an adjacent room, that I normally hear loudly. The digital 7.1 surround sound doesnt really add much, and is pretty weak, to be honest. Now the bad. The mic. I play VOIP centric games, but even with the mic at max, and it super close to my mouth, and the direction pointed correctly towards my mouth, I am barely heard over a whisper by others. You really have to project with this thing, so if youre soft spoken, like myself, forget it. Its detachable, which is nice, so it gives you the option to use a different mic without this interfering, which is what I recommend. You can detach the headset from the USB control dongle, which automatically locks out Windows audio volume controls, in place of the USB dongle. The headset comes with an audio splitter, which I really appreciate. Im going to try it with the audio splitter, as research online has noted that this helped some people to better their sound quality with the mic.
It’s aweosme. So comfortable. Switch out the leather cups for the cloth ones though or it gets pretty hot. The little bits of leather on it as it make it a little sweaty.
Amazing headphones!
Incredible headset. Very comfortable even at extended use. Keep the mic more straight and away from your mouth so it doesnt pick up your breathing.
Bought it as a gift. Great quality. The sound is clear. The mic is flexible and detachable. Also the mic has clear output Hoping this last at least a few years.
Great quality stereo sound and mic audio output. Auxiliary jack tends to wear easily overtime though.
Fantastic headset.  Cant hear anything but the action when Ive got these on.
Ive been looking to upgrade to a nicer headset for a while from the $20-$45 range to something around the $100 range and this headset is amazing. Not only is the headset well constructed, even the box that it comes in feel like a fair amount of thought went into its construction. The red part that connects the ear pads to the head band is made of what seems to be aluminum and it has a very nice solid feel to it. The headset isnt too heavy but it feels like it has some fullness to it that makes it feel like it wont fall apart on you. Sound quality is excellent, the mic is flexible and detachable, the cable is nice and long, it comes with velvet ear pads or leather ear pads and a carrying case. The thing that really sold me on this headset is that there are replacement parts for it on the company website. They sell the ear pads, mic, and cable and theyre only about 10 bucks. Ive had ear pads fall apart on me and even with the headset working just fine, I didnt want to wear something that was falling apart and leaving residue on my ears, so its really nice to see that I can just spend 10 bucks to keep my high quality headset and not have to buy a completely new one until its actually broken. The only down side that I can really nit pick at is theres no separate software for this and the sound controls directly control the windows volume. I prefer it to be separate, but if thats not something that you care about, this headset is absolutely amazing.
Owned my Hyper X headset for 2+ years and 3 moves, and they are as good as the day i bought them. These were recommended by PC Gamer, and I love it. Still in use today as my primary headset.
I bought this for my GF to go with the machine she built. It is beautiful both aesthetically and acoustically. The wire coating looks to be made of a durable mesh-type of insulation. The headset is comfortable and comes with separate "memory-foam" ear cups. The colored parts are shiny and pleasant to look at. The detachable mic is a very great perk and allows the headset to be used solely as headphones. The sound is crisp, and I would recommend it to anyone who plays games where sound is of utmost importance (e.g. CS:GO). Im tempted to buy one of my own, if I didnt have my Sennheisers already (I personally prefer open back)
I love this headset! Very comfortable, amazing sound, and durable build quality! This is the second time Ive purchased these and Ive yet to be dissatisfied.
I have used Astros, Audiotechnica, Logitech, Seinhiesser, These are just as comfortable and produce nice closed back sound. Just as good as much more expensive headsets ive used.
Wonderful headset, for the time that it worked for me. Had it for 2 weeks and the cable was shorting out cause tons of mic/headphone interference. I have friends who have had theirs for years and they seemed to have no issues, maybe my luck is bad. Onto the pros and cons: Pros: Superior material quality Very comfortable to wear Blocks out the entire world, you wont hear your family screaming for help as a robber kicks down the door. Feels great, looks fantastic Wonderful sound quality, with the 7.1 option to turn it off and on with the press of a button right on the cord is SUPER convenient for people like me who often switch between games/listening to music Cons: Really difficult to turn the mute button on/off, if only it was a tad bit bigger and more stream line to slide up and down The control on the cord can be bulky, even with the clip being able to clip it onto something, feels heavy No sidetone. You will be yelling trying to hear yourself (even with the poly ear cups it comes with, it can stil be difficult to hear yourself speak) Having sidetone wouldve made this headset borderline perfect for me I much prefer dials as opposed to buttons on the control. Buttons are bulky for me. Overall: wonderful headset 4/5 if you dont mind not having sidetone, would recommend If you value hearing yourself through soundproof earcups, 3.5/5 wouldnt recommend
I bought the Astro A50 (mainly for comfort) and its battery died after a few months. I bought the Senheiser U320 but the audio quality wasnt great. This is by far the most comfortable, best quality headset Ive bought. I have a gigantic head and it still fits and is comfortable. Its light and doesnt cause any pain or pressure. The audio quality is incredible, especially on PC. (It doesnt support 7.1 on consoles, but does on PC.)
Amazing headset and especially for the money. Many of my Friends have the a50s and other higher end like mad cats and game zeros. Id say 90% of the time these out perform the others when it comes to hearing footsteps and enemies. Or pin pointing where a shot came from.
Excellent gaming headset works flawlessly on my pc and ps4. i would recommend this to anyone who wants a nice set of headphones and dosent want to pay $200 or more on a high end headset
I did a lot of research before pulling the trigger on these, and theyre every bit as good as the reviews had me believe. I do get some fatigue around the ears, but nothing intolerable. Maybe my cans are above average, or maybe its the arms of my glasses snugly pressed into my skull? Either way, the sound quality is terrific, and they feel well put together.
The headset is comfortable, the sound is clear. I wish it was wireless but the cord is nice and long. Its well made, money well spent.
Cannot use the audio control box to control microphone or audio from the PS4. Which is a flaw because my old headset (Sentey) could do so. You have to manually do that on the PS4 interface. You can still hook up the control box to the PS4 itself via the USB. And if you want to use the 7.1 surround sound, you need to press and hold the button while the console is starting up. The 3.5mm jack can be hooked up to the controller. It does drain the battery slightly and you dont need the controller plugged into the PS4 itself to receive sound. Major troll on Kingstons part: the dual plug headphone & mic audio splitter which Kingston kindly provides, DOES NOT FIT. The area between the two jacks are not the correct distance apart to fit into an adapter, by a millimeter. What I like about these is that they arent as bulky as my old headset and the microphone can detach when Im not using it. And that the support for the headband is metal which doesnt bend so easily unlike plastic. It doesnt mean that the headset is heavy at all, its light on the head. Ive worn it for at least 8 to 10 hours gaming without any fatigue or pressure. The noise cancelling is superb, cant hear a damn thing outside once I turn on the headphones.
super comfortable for long periods of time (4+ hours) amazing sound quality. wouldnt say it cancels surrounding noises but it mutes them very well
Great headset, very comfortable. I would suggest this to any gamer. Great for music also
Great quality, worth the price
bought for teenage gamer. loves it.
Look no further. This set is top of the bunch. Comfort, fit, sound quality, mike, overall construction of this headset is fantastic.
I love this headset!! this is the first one I have owned to where I can play for 4+ hours in one sitting, and have no pain or discomfort on my head/ears. I wear glasses also and there is no issue with it. Most headsets squeeze my head and that causes the pain but I havent felt that kind of pressure since Ive owned them. The only minor issue as some others mentioned is the 7.1 surround sound. its not really that great and makes it hard to identify where people are in games like CSGO, or Overwatch. I always have it disabled but the sound quality is still amazing. the microphone is great too, someone thought I had a blue yeti microphone! I will definitely replace these with a newer version these once needed, but I recommend this product to all of my friends! if your looking for a new headset, go no further... This headset is where its at!
My Son love it
These head phones are very nice. They fit good on my head and the sound is excellent.
my son love these
Not a fan of the USB connection as the only way to control the volume on the headset.  The headset itself has great noise cancelling sound, and is very comfortable.
Perfect fit, super comfy and excelent quality
Excellent. Bought it for my son. No complaints.
My son loved this headset because it has amazing comfort and good sound quality. The microphone isnt too bad, also the headphones themselves have a good weight to it.
They are great! Ive had them for a while now and Ive had no issues.
Quality sound and the most comfortable gaming headset I’ve ever owned. I can wear these for hours and my head/neck/ears don’t fatigue. Wireless version would be the only thing to take these to the next level.
Impedance is not enough for mobile phone (sound is little bit weaker), but for notebook or PC ...excelent.
So Ive been around the block with headsets. Sony, Logitech, Razer, Ive tried quite a few, but this one stood out. Lets start at why this headset is different, and to do that, were going to need to jump back to 2013. Starting in about 2013, I got a little more selective about my headsets, and after seeing some good reviews, I settled on the Logitech G430. Now, at first, this can seem like a solid headset, with its admittedly awesome surround sound, whose sound quality made it usable for just about anything. The problem is construction. Made of cheap, brittle plastic, the brackets connecting the earpieces will fail and break after less than a year of normal use, which sucks. Were it not for this one, simple flaw, Logitech wouldve had me for good, but unfortunately, to this day, I hate that headset with a passion. Along came 2014, and I thought I would try out the Logitech G35, under the assumption that it would match the sound quality of the G430, and perhaps even be better constructed. Boy was I wrong. The brackets for the earpieces were designed the exact same way, and would fail after under a year. Planned obsolescence, or poor engineering? You tell me. After a few more Logitech headsets, I decided it was time to try something new, so in late 2016, I got myself a Razer Kraken. This might have been the absolute worst headset I have ever owned. Every low frequency noise was like a pile driver hitting your skull, the configuration software crashed frequently, the sound wasnt particularly clear, and the shoddy production quality made it even worse. After about 6 months of normal use, and extremely careful handling, one of the earpieces failed. After quickly getting a cheap headset to replace it, which soon broke, I decided on this one. Best headset so far. What makes this different from Logitech headsets: - Sturdy aluminium construction, as opposed to aluminium foil. - None of those irritating brackets that have a tendency to disintegrade - Cable is slightly shorter than most Logitech headsets, but it shouldnt be a problem. What makes this different from Razer headsets? - Its not utter rubbish - It doesnt hurt your ears - It doesnt hurt your eardrums - Its not made entirely of brittle plastic - Mic quality is actually pretty good Pros: - Sound quality - 7.1 has button toggle on the cable - On-cable controls (Razer, take notes) - Sturdy construction - Comfortable Cons: - Doesnt seem to have any torsional reinforcement, may break under differential stress along the XZ axis (looking from front)
Bought a pair recently and they are great. Best headset I ever owned. I use it on my PS4. No need for the USB control as it doesnt sound as good with it. So I just plug it into my controller and it made a big difference. Wa able to get a Silver 4 rank today in Rainbow 6!  Not much, but hey, its all good. Sound is great quality for in game and chat as well.
Headphones for PC never last very long, but these have to be the best pair I will ever own. I have accidentally rolled over the wire multiple times in my chair and they still work flawlessly.
Great headphones, superb craftsmanship and quality.  The virtual surround sound is disappointing though, but thats beyond HyperXs control I imagine.
This is a really nice headset.  I have no complaints - well, except that the stopped working fully at the 18-month mark. Pros:  - Comfortable - this is maybe the most comfortable headset I have owned, and I use it daily for 2+ hours with little to no neck fatigue, not hot, and feels good on the ears  - great microphone - it is awesome that it detaches as easily as it does  - noise cancelling -- I am not sure if that is a feature, but I can say (to my wifes chagrin) that these headphones effectively drown out outside noise  - good surround sound Cons:  - the clip on the volume control broke early on.  No big complaint as I didnt clip it to anything anyway I would highly recommend these headphones
Had it for about a year and the clip on the sound control broke and the mic wire that connects to the sound control shorted out on me. Would be nice to know if the factory warranty still exist! Update: Customer service was quick to respond and helped get me a new headset. New headset works great!
Great for gaming really comfortable for long gaming sessions the build quality is great and the audio is really good.
Great headset for the price. Amazing packaging and accessories.  Quality voice chat. Decent bass.
Buy them dont even hesitate they are awesome. Great sound, I will say took me a little bit to get use to the built in sound card for 7.1 but once you are used to it is awesome. Use it in games myself also movie and music listening. This headset best I have found. Tried G930 crap just buy these and enjoy. Cant say that enough just get them and give a few days you will never look back. 5 stars is not something I do for everything but...
In the past, ive always been used to cheap headsets. Im glad I upgraded to this. The sound is great and is much more comfortable than what Ive used in the past. I dont use the mic much, so i cant say how well that actually works
He loves this headset
It arrived in good condition. Love it
best headset
Great product that fits perfectly on my head. Blocks almost all outside sound which makes it perfect for intense gaming sessions. Would definitely recommend for people trying to upgrade to a nicer headset that isnt as expensive.
Great sound for both gaming and music. Highly recommended for the price.
Very good
Best Cans for your Buck!
Great sound! the 7.1 surround is very crisp and the bass levels are a good medium. I do wish they were wireless but it seems that the wireless pricerange will need to come down a bit before it becomes the standard.
Ive had a few different headsets for my gaming needs. I started with the Plantronics Gamecom 777 series (Broke in the same spot with all 3 pairs), Logitech G430 (Logitech software and not as comfortable ear pads), Corsair H2100 (Decent, wireless but eventually would make you sound like you have robot voice until you unplugged, rebooted, plugged back in etc), Sennheiser PC-333D (not around the years, so it was uncomfortable for long gaming sessions but audio and mic quality are amazing). Lastly the Kingston HyperX Cloud II... Its a very comfortable headset, the mic and audio quality is great, and you can wear it for long sessions without having any problems. Theyve been the most comfortable headset Ive owned.
amazing
Would recommend for competitive gaming
Clear sound, comfortable on the head, plug in and go.  Recommended for quality and sound.
I love this product! So much better than my turtle beach headset I got from Wal-Mart. Better quality and the sound cancelation is real. I highly recommend this product for any gamer! Very comfortable and amazing sound! Ill never buy any other headset ever again, only this one
These are absolutely incredible for the price
the headset is awesome but the mute button has a manufacturing problem ..
The best headset Ive ever owned.  I have had Sony pulse elites, turtle beaches and regular old stock PlayStation headsets. All my previous headsets would get uncomfortable after wearing them for multiple hours. I could sit in this headset all day. Beyond it being supremely comfortable, the detachable microphone is a unique and simple feature that I find myself using when I switch from music to gaming with friends.  Also, their packaging makes this look and feel like a premium product. Tremendous sound and comfort, I will never look back now that Ive purchased a HyperX headset.
Best gaming headset Ive ever used.
These headphones are great.  They cut out the blasting fans from my Razor Blade Pro laptop so I cant hear it.  Even better they cut out the sound of my girlfriend complaining about the fans  :).  Were getting a pair for her too. Considering she hates 99% of the headphones out there because they dont cover her ears and they arent comfortable thats high praise indeed.
Light, durable, good sound, decent mic, sound controller on cord has clip which provides slack for head movement, cord is long enough for movement in and out of the chair. Comfortable for long sessions.
Best wired headset for the amazing price. Quality is top notch. It is very comfortable, and does not cause fatigue. Sound quality is very good. Works on both PC and Xbox.
Great headphones. The long cord gets twisted pretty easily though... still a happy camper.
I would have to say these are the best bang for your buck headphones out there. Relatively cheap compared to higher end headphones. work well and have easy to use controls. take the usb part off and you have a good pair of normal headphones. highly recommend for entry level or need a secondary travel pair. Only con, for me, the headphones dont like to only sit on one ear.
Very comfortable and quality sound
Microphone volume too low.
nice
Extremely comfortable, excellent sound especially with the mini-sound card USB attachment, ultra clear microphone. 10/10 would buy again.
It has been 2 years since I purchased these headphones and let me tell you I will never let them go. Hyperx cloud headphones are the most promising, reliable, quality, durable, comfortable, and affordable headphones. They have been tossed around and abused and the quality just doesnt budge. Its made of amazing materials and super durable. The microphone with the 7.1 surround Dolby makes gaming a whole new experience. I love these headphones, I have the PS4 gold headphones and the are garbage compared to these. PS4 gold headphones worst quality mic, my ear pads are breaking, the sound makes weird noises and the clamp force makes you want to cry with so much pressure to your ears after just a few hours of gameplay. I definitely recommend hyperx cloud they have the best headphones and along with that they have the best support when it comes to product issues or assistance.
Awesome!
I used a Turtle Beach headset for years and while happy with the sound quality was annoyed that the earcups were slightly too small and led to quite a bit of discomfort after longer game sessions.  These are large enough that I dont end up pinching my ears and other than a bit of sweat from having headphones on for several hours there was no discomfort.  Hooking it up to my PS4 or my Xbox One is very easy I just plug it right into the stereo jack on their controllers.  I havent tested the surround sound thoroughly, but my initial impressions have been very positive.  Also the headset can be worn with the PSVR although PSVR recommends only using the stereo headset function.
GREAT pair of headphones. I use these for my PC, and I have Astros for my Xbox and let me say... these are far better at a much cheaper price. The interchangeable headphone covers allow you to choose the material that best comforts you. They also are more noise cancelling than the Astros. Overall its a solid product that made me a fan of HyperX until I find a better headset for such cheap price.
I absolutely love this head set. For the price youre getting quality headset that is sturdy and comfortable. With above average sound quality. I personally like the leave ear cuffs. But also come with another option with a soft vellour which is nice too.
Love this phone, great sound! I use everyday for gaming!
Not amazing for Xbox One but the sound quality is superb. Best gaming headset for under $100
This is headset of high quality and wears very comfortable.
Excellent product came exactly as described.
Super comfy to wear for long periods of time. Sound great and the mic is detachable so I dont have to wear it all the time when just listening to music.
Much better than the Logitech wireless headphones. These puppies just plug-in and work. I didnt have to manually install anything, just the way I like it. The packaging itself lets you know right away that you are dealing with a quality product. You can tell they took their time with this one. Worth the cost.
So far, its been amazing. I completely recommend them!
fantastic audio quality and  packaging. The mic is very clear, not quite yeti desk quality....but very good for $100.  The cups are SLIGHTLY too small for me personally and hurt my ears after long use, but overall a very nice headset for the price. best thing you can get in the $100 range
The sound is very clear and the headset last longer than a turtle beach headset also cheaper
as expected...awesome product!
Ive had these headphones for two years now. They are some of the most comfortable headphones I have ever used for this price point. They also have great sound quality. Them being modular is also a great feature that I never knew I was missing in life. My only complaint is that over the past 6 months, more and more wires have been shorting out. It started with the expansion dongle, then the mic, then the right ear piece, and now the left one two. However, these are 2 years old with VERY heavy use. Overall, I would definitely recommend these if only for their comfortability.
So glad I bought these. Better then any other head set Ive tried so far.
Pretty durable lasted me about a year and a half then it went a little bad in the control box. Technical support was very friendly and I was able to get a new control box under warranty.
Awesome
Was a big upgrade from the cheap $20 Microsoft headsets I was using before.  I thought I would like the microfiber cups, but I actually find I like the leather ones better.
Our son loves these. The sound quality is excellent and they are also really good at muffling outside noise.
The sound quality is great, there is a small controller to control your mic levels as well as the audio from your device/computer. The mic is a pretty good quality mic as well.
Bought these in aug. 2017. Now its 2019 and the wire is messed up and I cant hear right side. Exsposed wire was bad design. I want a refund but thats what happens when you dont get the warrenty plan.
This headset is the best Ive owned. Throughout many years Ive tried multiple headsets but without a doubt this one blows any of the others off the market. Ive worn this for 8 hours straight and then for multiple hours at a time, it is very comfortable, mic is good all you have to do is make a few adjustments(its a little quiet so turn it up), the desighn is really nice, and the sound quality is amazing and the 7.1 is actually good and you can tell the difference. This product is a must buy!
This is overall a great headset, Mic quality suffers a bit but the surround sound works great, the noise cancelling is so good I can hear my own farts,
Good pair of headphones.  The sound is great and they muffle well outside noise (passive noise canceling).  The USB connectors to the machine is great also.  The cord is a few feet long, which gives you some freedom to move around.  You can unplug the headphones from the USB connector to use the headphones with your phone, or you can you another pair of headphone with the same USB connector (sometimes I like plugging my i-phone headset). Im having issues using the microphone.  The microphone is not playing nice with Skype.  People on the other side of the call complain that my voice is too low.  Its unfortunate, but Im sure there is a fix.  Im using Windows 10 on a Dell desktop.
I was highly anticipating getting this headset for a good while, and it did not fail to deliver. It is extremely light (by far the lightest gaming headset Ive ever worn), has very good sound quality, and comes with several useful things (such as a carrying case and backup ear pads). Would definitely recommend.
These headphones are excellent. They arent as bass thump heavy as my last headphones but the overall better sound and balance I actually prefer. Obviously, if your MP3s are at a low bit rate, theyll still sound like balls, but a high bit rate rip from an actually mastered album (most rap is not mastered) will really show how these headphones shine. Also rap sucks so throw out all that garbage and pick up yourself some actual music. You know, where your artist will actually play a musical instrument of some sort. The microphone on this was great too and did a much better job at isolating my voice while gaming. No sound bleed or random feedback echos like I was getting on my last ones. And theyre comfortable too, unlike rappers who are continually complaining even when telling you theyre living large. Rap sucks. These headphones however are great.
they are comfortable, sound great, just love them.
the head set fits snug but not tight. it is comfortable for hours at a time which is how long i wear it. the cups seal well and the mic does not pick up sound from  the earpieces. the sound is true. it was raining in a game i was playing and had to take of headset to look out the window and see if it was raining. if you need in game sensitivity these are the ones. the mic is removable when you just want to watch streams or listen to music. the volume control is pushbutton with leds one for mic and one for ears. just press + or - . If your mic is not loud enough + 2 or 3 times and you are right where you need to be. the cord is long enough to play console.
YOW!!! You have got to get these!!
Solid build quality, comfortable and durable, Ive thrown them at least 20 times really hard because CSGO sucks and they still work perfectly, braided cable and extension cable included. 10/10
Ive tried a lot of noise cancelling headphones but these take the cake. They are so comfortable!! I can play hours of gaming and my ears still feel fine. They are also really good noise canceling headphones. I cant hear a thunderstorm through them.
Amazing sound quality from the earcuffs, and it comes with both the leather and wool-esque cuffs, which is amazinf, the mic did have some catching issues, but I believe it was user error
Great sound, Very light on the head, 5 out of 5
Perfect. What more can I say? If I want to chill on my laptop and watch some Netflix? All good. Just disconnect from the computer, remove mic, plug in, and play. If I want to laugh, joke, and play around in my guilds TS while raiding bosses and hear only what is going on in my pixilated world? Done and done. Noise cancellation is golden, sound quality is crisp and clear, and everyone says that I dont sound like Im under three feet of water when I call out that they are standing in the fire. I love these headphones. <3
Best headsets ever
My son loves these.  The 7.1 sound is amazing and they fit very comfortably.
Excellent sound for the price.  Simulated surround feature is ok but shouldnt be the main reason you buy these, its just a feature option.  The real reason is the quality of sound in both the headphone speakers and the mic make these hard to beat especially for the price.  Another nice feature is the easily removable mic, sometimes I unplug the mic and listen to music.  Gripes would be that the cable coming off the headset itself is too short; having a longer cable would allow you to plug the mini jack directly into your PC which would then allow you to control all the tonal EQ settings using your soundcards sound management software; using the USB connection doesnt allow for this so your stuck with the minimalist controls on the surround controller.  Also, would have loved some tonal controls (bass & Treble) on the surround controller; and lastly the surround controller feels on the cheap side especially when you consider the quality of everything else.
I really love this headset. Very good sound quality. Very easy to install and use with no nonsense software required. Sound quality is great. Mic is clear and can be removed. Super comfortable- actually the most comfortable gaming headset Ive ever worn. Im going to purchase a second one for my laptop.
Excellent product.
Great sound quality.
This is one if not the most comfortable headsets I have ever owned and the sound quality is awesome. If youre a gamer, movie enthusiast(has toggleable 7.1 surround sound), or just an average person looking for a great sounding, comfortable headset, I would definitely recommend this one.
Love these! Very comfortable and great for long playtime.  The sound quality is suburb and it looks great.  I purchased the red one and I am really happy with the purchased.
So comfy and great sound. The cord is super long and I love the little clip on the USB DAC. I just clip it onto my shirt and it stays out of the way. Have used these in 10+ hour gaming sessions and they are super comfy. For the price, these cant be beat.
Simply put, these sound great! I purchased these to replace a set of earbuds that were twice the price. The earbuds are excellent when it comes to musical reproduction but I wanted something that was tailored to gaming and AV but didnt want to pay a lot. I know, unrealistic, right? Well, these headphones are a reality! They deliver a great sound stage that I really didnt think was possible with a single driver. I use these plugged directly into my Xbox One S controller. It is truly amazing the things I did not notice with other earphone. Ive found that I have to revisit previous games and levels Ive played just to listen for something I might have missed. The build quality is also excellent. They feel sturdy yet lightweight. The padding throughout is top notch and super comfortable for that extended gaming session or movie. You will know you have a quality product the minute you pick up the box. I watched a couple reviews and they said something about how nice they are packaged. Only after you experience the packaging yourself will you relate to what they are referring too. When all was done and said, I am amazed these do not cost a LOT more!
Absolutely love this headset. Best headset Ive ever owned. The only danger is make sure you put the mic in a safe place if you take it off. Otherwise youll find yourself buying a new one from Kingston like me.
Amazing product, bought this for my son to play on his PC for his birthday and it works great! He said he can hear everything around him, once he turned on the 7.1 surround sound. Now, he uses it every day to play Rainbow Six Siege, CS:GO, etc. Basically, all he plays are fps games that depend on teamwork and listening to all of your surroundings..
The HyperX Cloud II is the perfect choice for anybody wanting outstanding comfort, with good sound quality.  I have spent many hours at a time wearing this headset and it feels great till the end, although I have a feeling that once it gets hot outside, the headset will reflect that (just based on how they feel when my heat is turned up a lot.) The sound quality is good, and if your intentions are to be able to hear every enemy footstep, or just casually play games, this headset is for you.  The "7.1 surround sound" button is, just like everyone else is saying, a gimmick. I almost never have it turned on, as I feel it actually hinders your ability to properly pinpoint enemy locations.  The mic quality is mediocre, as I have been told by many people that I sound a bit quiet, even when my mic is all the way up.  I tend to have to wear it extremely close to my mouth, which can get in the way sometimes.  All in all, I would recommend this headset to anybody with ~$100 budget, as it is comfortable, reliable, and looks amazing. Past headsets:  Astro a40s, various Turtle Beachs, and a pair of Trittons. Games played with Cloud IIs :  Rainbow six siege, CSGO, League of legends, Skyrim, Far Cry Primal.
This is an amazing headset for under $100 I play video games for 3 hours or 4 hours at a time daily. Very comfortable. adjustable mic volume and headset volume work wonderful. Advertised 7.1 is not a true 7.1 but that being said it still sounds amazing. Ive owned a 300 set of headphones and the sound quality of these are right up there with the expensive headsets. Hope this review helps
My hearing is pretty bad and these really helped my gaming experience
Perfect
Incredible, high quality, beautiful rich sound and you have to choice of noise canceling or not with leather or foam ear pads it comes with both.
Most comfortable headset ever! MUST BUY I cant say anything bad about this headset! Ive worn it for hours upon hours on end and have had zero discomfort. The sound quality is great and have had zero problems technically. I hope they make a wireless version of this in the future!
Worth every damned penny. A massive improvement on my old turtle beaches and a premium product in every way.
This headset is amazing! fits comfortably well for me and the sound quality is really good. Youre able to take out the mic freely if you dont need it. Has a nice volume controller for the audio and mic on the cord that works.
This headset was ever-so slightly difficult to like at first. My problem was the lack of configuration with the normal usb drivers. However, I was able to fix this with some changes... Audio tweak: If you are like me, and prefer headphones with a stronger bass response, and overall clarity, These headphones are somewhat lacking out of the box. In my case, I used a Razer synapse driver from my previous set, and force-installed that driver to work with the HyperX usb device. I was then able to have (somewhat) better control over the quality of audio.The speakers in the headset are clearly not meant for pounding bass, so please keep this in mind. While I do know that you have the option to use the headset without the USB device, In my case I actually cannot plug in the special mic+headphone 3.5mm aio jack, as it does not fit... Microphone: I do like the option for the detachable mic, but again, it lacks the ability to adjust voice quality, and sounds like you are talking on an old phone. I have yet to try other drivers for this. Comfort/durability: This is probably one of the most comfortable headsets I have ever owned.The headset also seems to be very well made. The cable, on the other hand, has me slightly concerned. I fear that before too long the braided cable will fray and eventually short out. Overall: despite some of the issues, This headset is fairly decent, once you get it tuned to your preference, as your results may vary.
Best headphones!  I should pick up some additional pairs.
Best headset ever
Great pair of headphones for just about everything too. Very fair price for the quality.
very good headset for gaming and for some games like csgo and PUBG. IF you were lokking for a headset for a good mic maybe you dont want it but it gets the job done
This is an amazing set of headphones in both qualities of build and sound. Unfortunately, my pair randomly stopped functioning on the right ear piece after 1.5 years; I can only hear through the left one at this point. While 1.5 years is okay, the fact that they broke with no signs leading up to the issue is the real problem. Buy these headphones if you want quality, but dont be surprised if they die out. Edit: Kingston customer support has issued a replacement headset for me. This customer service clearly outshines the issue with the headphones as I am getting a new one entirely. I heavily recommend this headset as it has amazing quality and durability. If you do you have any issues, Kingstons amazing customer service will help you fix the issue very quickly. I am a huge fan.
The best headset that I have used by far.  Great sounds and crisp mic
Amazing sound quality, but mic quality is quite fuzzy and weak. I personally dont use the mic so thats fine and the sound itself improves my gameplay a lot. If you are looking for a headphone with clear and brilliant mic quality then this isnt for you.
This headset is fantastic. I used a set of turtle beaches for years and they were great, but these are excellent and even more comfortable. I can wear these for 5+ hours and not even realize they are on. Sound quality is great and all of my buddies say my voice comes through much much cleaner. I lost a little bit of bass, but it was well worth it.
Great gaming headphones. The mic is sensitive and the ear muffs are comfortable. No issues after wearing them for hours at a time. Probably the best gaming headphones that I have tried.
This is a very nice headset. Crisp sound and decent bass, however the microphone only works if I jiggle aound the connection for a few seconds even when its fully inserted. That is not a huge issue, so its little enough to look past it for everything that is great about it.
Best headset you can get from under 100.00. Super comfy compared to razer kraken. Really, look up reviews on YouTube and see. Quality material, mostly metal
I use them all the time.
I can wear these all day long and they dont get uncomfortable at all. Well worth the money.
Love this product so much!!! I have had this headset for a year and a half. Pros: Completely covers the ears, comfortable No pressure on my head No headaches Great Quality sound Great mic, detachable Extension USB Superb Customer Service. It was honestly a pleasure and so easy to deal with. Best option for price. Cons: The Extension USB stopped working after a year but was replaced very quickly. 100% Recommend buying. Going to buy this as presents to my family and friends.
This was a gift for my husband and I hate it, now he never listens to me, seriously, I tested it, I scream just on his back and he doesnt hear a thing, I could being murdered in the other room and he would never notice, I need to scream as loud as I can and with luck he will hear me... but Im sure that the neighbors think that he hits me or something. I regret this gift everyday of my life, sometimes I just want to cut the cord and put them in the trash, but well... since this is what a gamer would expect from this product, Im giving it 5 stars, product is good, just not designed for a happy marriage.....
A bit heavy, but well made and quite comfortable. Sound is very good indeed, close to my old Koss studio cans. I expected the mic to be an afterthought/joke, but its not.  Recording quality is amazingly good. Not going to claim its comparable to a studio mic, but if you are a podcaster on a budget, this headset will do the job.
Really good sound, but the cords are obnoxiously long., especially if you want to use the volume adjustment piece.
Great
Best...Headphones EVAR!!!!
great customer service when my adapter for my xbox one controller broke my first headset they sent me new headphone before i sent them the old ones. they are still allowing a free return on my second set for free. amazing. i will buy from them for life. great quality and all my friends love my smooth voice and how crisp it is with this headset.
works good
My son loves this headset. Its incredibly functional, comfortable, and cool looking, and the quality is worth the cost.
Did good, mic and sound quality are what they should be.
Fast delivery, superb quality item. Thank you.
My son loved it. He use it for gaming
Amazing sound. Worth every cent. I would recommend this to any gamer. Dont wait. Buy it now before the rest of the world find out.
This headset is WAY above the league of its current price tag. After I bought these, I was gifted a brand new pair of Astros (twice the $ value of the Cloud IIs) and STILL I preferred my Cloud IIs to the Astros. Literally the best bang for your buck headset out there. I mean it. You cannot find a higher quality product at this price. Thanks, HyperX! 5/5 <3
Great headset for an affordable price. I have had all kinds of different headsets that cost plenty of money and do the same as these do.
Super high quality audio coming through this headset, and does a remarkable job of noise cancellation too! I havent tested the microphone on here yet, but Ill update this review when I do.
While a little pricier than headsets with similar capabilities, the HyperX Cloud II has become my favorite general-use headset. Technically I think its supposed to be a gaming headset, and Ive used it with a few games and have been impressed with the sound quality, but really I needed a headset I could use at the office for some listening privacy and at home for movies later in the evening when the sound would wake people up. My ear isnt refined enough to really talk about dynamic range or anything like that, but I can boil what I really like about the headset down to five points: 1. The padding on the ear cups is extremely soft. I can wear the headset for hours with virtually no discomfort at all. Ive used a bunch of headsets and I often find that they may seem soft when you first put them on, but within an hour or two my ear lobes start to feel pinched. Not so with these; the headset is snug enough that it doesnt feel like its slipping off at all, but soft enough that I dont feel pinched in the slightest. 2. The microphone quality for voice is somewhere between cheap headsets you can get for twenty bucks and pro microphones with the fuzzy stuff at the end of the mic.Easily top notch for voice communication, with nice noise cancelling that doesnt seem to "fade" in and out like some noise cancellation technology. For recording narration, such as for a video, the quality is decent but maybe falls a little short of acceptable for anything more than short bits. 3. The construction seems sturdy and well thought out.. The frame is lightweight metal, probably aluminum, and has a nice feel. Bonus points also for the wires coming directly out of the headset, which are bundled into a tangle-free cloth kind of casing, which sort of has the feel and consistency of shoe laces.They extend out three feet or so to the volume controls, which then connect to the USB cables. The nice thing about this is that that is the section that I always seem to get all tangled and kinked within a few weeks. 4. The microphone is removable. I really like this feature, as simple as it is. When Im listening to movies at night its really convenient to just pop off the mic boom and throw it into the padded travel case that comes with the headset. 5. The padded travel case. Again, its a minor thing, but just one of those nice little touches that show how well thought out the product is.
I was between these and the TB stealth 520P, so I decided to buy both, try them back to back and then return one of them.  There is no contest, the TBs sound good in the store (Best Buy), and of course they dont have the Clouds hooked up to listen to. First I tested the Clouds, and I was immeditaltely blow away by the clarity, how good the highs were and the lows. They arent surround sound, but you can tell where the sounds are coming from, tested on BF1. They are unbelievably comfortable, and you can tell they are a high quality device! I played 3 maps with them and then switched them out for the TBs. I couldnt even make it through one map with the TBs. The surround sound is a little more "descriptive" in regards to where sounds are coming from, but everything is distorted, muffled, booming base, not too mention, extremely flimsy, light, and very uncomfortable.  As I said, there is no contest here, the Clouds win decidedly. Honestly for a $100 headset, you wont find better clarity, and any audiophile would have to agree.
Bought for PS4 and PC gaming. Absolutely fantastic sound. The mic is great and removable, has a foam cover to mitigate breathing and outside noise. The USB attachment is removable and does not fully function with the PS4(inline volume control) but this is due to the PS4s limitations. Works great on PC. Incredibly comfortable for extended sessions. 2 different ear piece materials, I prefer the fake leather ones. Mic is also detachable. Nice little carry bag too. Better than $100+ headphones Ive had.
Awesome!!
Its like all the reviews say, however after 6-12 months I do get this very very occasionally noise/ distortion/ beep thing that is from the sound card from reviews but its so rare I cant really complain. It happens on both pairs I own but, I have two so that should tell you how much I like them. The cord is very long and the Leather and soft cups are both great and both have an open/closed sound stage, more breathable  option.
I bought this headset after seeing over 20 reviews from professional tech tubers.  It was rated the best headset that 100 dollars can get.  I previously owned the Logitech g430 headset valued at $40 US.  I have to say that im surprisingly not as impressed as i thought i would be.  The comfort is better and detachable mic is very nice.  However I personally do not hear a huge difference in sound quality and mic quality.  Sound quality is slightly better and more immersive but my biggest critique is mic quality.  mic quality seems to be the least improved.  I hear the hyper x stinger is better than g430 so for $50 I recommend stinger over cloud 2.  Conclusion: price premium is very high in the headset industry.  If you want best value go with hyper x stinger or logitech g430 but if you are willing to spend more go with cloud 2s.
One of the best if not the best gaming headsets. Great quality. A side note though if you really want good mic quality, this wont be the one for you. But overall, the sound and 7.1 sound is amazing. Simple and easy to use.
Highly recommended. Light on your head, very comfortable, nice ergonomic design, excellent sound quality, and the noise cancelling is better than expected. You cant hear anything outside what youre listening to. Mic quality is great too but I did have a few issues getting it to work initially. It would randomly cut off at times and I would have to unplug the attachment and replug it back in to work. That is the only con I have.
The sound is amazing, it fits my head really nice and you barely feel it on your head. Also this is the first headset that I can wear and it does not make my ears sweat. Awesome product.
Really nice headset, it drowns out a lot of the extra noises around you. Quality build, and feels very durable.
Awesome, crisp loud sound booming my head off. Totally recommend.
I needed a USB headset since I broke my headphone jack, and this was a great purchase. It is amazingly comfortable to wear and the sound quality is great. The one major gripe I have is that the mic volume is very low and causes people to frequently say "I cant hear you" even though I never had this issue with different brands. Other than that, the design is great and the quality is high.
Unlike most headsets, let alone gaming specialized headsets. This is one of the beasts you would want to get your hands on and its not even because of the good sound quality, but the fact that it is supported by metal and not flimsy plastic that can crack easily. This headset can last for a very long time, but that doesnt mean you should be too rough with it. Nothing is godlike. But this headset does come close. The one thing that is holding it back would have to be the USB adapter. It is the most fragile piece of detachable thing of this headset. It breaks so easily that I contacted @HyperX twitter and they gladly mailed a new adapter free of charge. So now not only it the headset nearly unbreakable, but the customer service is on point as well. I honestly feel that I would be ripping the company off for asking a replacement of the adapter, I tried to see if there was a way to buy it separately before contacting @HyperX, to my surprise there was no option, But Im not complaining, Im glad it was free. A good way to make up for a small flaw.
The microphone is too quiet even with all the settings maxed and boosted as much as possible. There was some temporary crackling noise, but it went away. Otherwise very comfortable and great quality output from the headset.
Best headphones ive ever tried. Arrived a day late with two day shipping, but still worth the price. The headset does not slip off, and comes with an additional pair of ear cups with terrific sound quality. Materials used to create the shell are durable. Easy to set up, and with xbox requires the headset stereo adapter UNLESS you have one of the "newer" controllers with the 3.5 mm headphone jack. However I do notice that the audio driver for the right ear was slightly louder but tough to notice. Would reccomend if youre willing to dish out $100.
Best headphones Ive ever owned, hands down.
music, games, calls sounds good. mic sounds great for calls, discord, videos. nice packaging with extra ear pads and nice long cables.
WOW, I am Superhuman now, as I can now hear enemys footsteps. It considerably improved my gameplay. Go for it if you are an avid CSGO addict.
Great sound quality when used with the little preamp thing. I use this on PC and love it more than my Razer Kraken 7.1.
Ive really enjoyed them
Pretty good. Little pricy. But effective
Bought this headset a year and a half ago and it is still rocking bear perfect. I am a pretty avid gamer so this headset has racked up some hours, much better overall than my previous pair of TBs.
works great
Great sound for the price, very nice starter head set
The best headset for gaming on PS4 / XBOX and PC (And the Mic is very good! Good bass and balance to the mic) its easy to remove, and attach--and is bendy. Very nice. The headset is build extremely well. aluminum driver supports with detailed stitching over the head. Fits over the ears like a glove--just not to tight :). The Drivers are REALLY nice! Highs and lows are clean with no distortion even at high levels. Attached to the PC, with the USB extender, you actually need to turn it to 50% its so powerful! (Unless you want to crank it to 100, which sounds fine, if you dont mind hearing loss lol.. Its also amazing for music, as you would expect. You can hear every instrument you might have missed in open air speakers too! The ONLY thing I would add is a mute button when attached to the PS4 when plugged into the controller. Yeah, you can unplug, but if you do streams, you will hear the removal and re-insertion. I have been gaming hardcore since original Doom and Quake, and still heavy into games and streaming on OBS and other platforms, and this is a GREAT headset. In fact, I may order another. When you find something you love, and eventually will wear it out, you go looking for the same one, and its gone. So I will be covered.. But this headset has zero wear after about a year now. Which is great! nothing loose.. but Kingston hit it out of the park.
Amazing headset for just $100. I bought this after reading great reviews and having a friend recommend it. I use this for gaming on my PS4 (the surround sound works) and on my PC. It stands up to friends headsets that Ive used that cost $400+. The customer support for this company (Kingston) is excellent. Its very easy to get a person on the line to answer questions. Ive now had this for over a year and the microphone is spiking at random times. I called customer support and they had a new mic in the mail for me just a few minutes later. This product is great on its own, but the customer service is what will keep me coming back to Kingston. I definitely plan on buying more of their products.
Amazing sound.
One of the best headsets on the market.
Love em. Good sound quality, the detachable microphone is very convenient, very sturdy build. Comfortable, and blocks out outside noise. No complaints.
Best headset ive ever owned great noise cancellation and works wonders on ps4.  Mind is blown when i use them!
Used for years I absolutely loved it perfect headset for PC Gaming and Skype
Ive always purchased Plantronics, one of the biggest drawbacks is cheaply oh I mean chiefly made from plastic and it breaks in two yr. Thick aluminium headband and supporting pieces are not going to break easily. The only criticism I have is for Mac users like I am you cannot hear your own voice while youre speaking to somebody, Call Mac & HyperX there is no way currently to make it happen. All the HyperX pieces are very robust built I am happy with everything else.
Great quality sound, extremely comfortable, doesnt hurt your head after wearing them for a while. Nice flexible mic with good sound quality
Been using them for a solid 5 months now and I have to say these are some impressive headphones and a pretty damn good microphone. I wear glasses and these are super comfortable even after long hours of uninterrupted gaming. Im actually thankful that my last headset started falling apart because owning these is a dream, its the first pair of headphones that go over the ears that dont cause me physical pain. The mic noise canceling is also really impressive. Ive made the mistake a few times of forgetting to change my sound settings and even with the game blaring out over my speakers people didnt hear a thing. The mic being removable is definitely a nice touch for when you dont want a mic in your face and the included rubber plug to cover the port when not in use is also great. The construction seems quite durable and like it will last a while. It includes two sets of pads though I have only used the default leather-ish ones so far. Im not an audiophile so I cant really give any opinion in that regards. All I can say is everything sounds way better than I have ever heard it before. I use these for music, for gaming and for watching anime/movies. Highly recommended. I got mine for $65 but even at the normal $99.99 I would be extremely satisfied. Dont make the same mistake I did and settle for sub-par equipment for decades thinking something like this wouldnt be that big of a deal. This headset is the equivalent of experiencing HD video for the first time except for your ears and your head. Its that instantly appreciable in both comfort and quality of sound.
They are really soft I was not expecting these to be this comfortable.
These sound great and have lasted me for months so far without a sign of any issues. My old gaming headsets would start messing up within months and these have easily out shined those. The only issue is they sound kind of weak if you only run them through your PS4 controller. Make sure you buy a nice amplifier like an ASTRO Gaming MixAmp Pro TR. I thought this headset sucked until I bought that mixamp and man oh man did it improve the sound. This headset paired with that amp sound AWESOME. The explosions in games sound deep and rich with bass while still being great for hearing footsteps coming around corners. I like the metal build quality and the earcups leave plenty of room around my ears and off of them so my ears dont hurt after extended play times.
A wonderful headset that has clear good sound, even with having good heavy bass. My only issue with it is the basic heavy foam is so dense you cant hear your own voice, and putting on the lighter foam is a pain. Otherwise its a great headset.
Best headset I ever used <3
Great price and lots of features to offer vs corsair and logitech headsets. The selling point was detachable mic.
Very comfortable for a large head.
For the price, this is an amazing headset. Sound is very clear, and for once other people can hear my mic.
My son loved these but unfortunately one of the ears pieces stopped working within a year.  The mic was crystal clear though!
Love this headset. Dont waste your time with the Cloud Revolvers, theyre heavy, clunky, and have poor sound quality (echoey). These come with a USB sound card that has mic and heaset volume adjustment, extra ear pads, even a plug for when youre not using the mic. Theyre relativley light, encredibly comfortable,and have a perfect fit with no jiggle. I had the original Cloud headset and these are the refined version, worth the extra $20.
Had the headset for almost a year and it is amazing! I will definitely be buying this headset again if it breaks. Very comfortable and good sound. I dont use the 7.1 surround because I play mostly CS:GO but still very good. 5 Stars.
I purchased this headset in March 2016 from Newegg while looking for a nice gaming headset.  The headset itself is wonderful.  The sound is crisp and when playing Rainbow Six Siege you can really hear a lot of the smaller sounds that help give you an advantage of someone not using a headset with surround sound.  The biggest problem I have is the USB sound card has gotten temperamental and I would have to place the device which has the volume controls (both for the mic and the headset) in a certain position for it to work.  After doing this for a few weeks, the clip that comes on that part has broken and now getting the sound to work is even harder to manage.  Ive contacted Kingston to get the issue resolved since its under warranty, so depending on how well that process goes I will revise my review to either add or delete stars.  I was extremely happy with the product before this hiccup and am hopeful that Kingston will make things right.
The quality of the headset is fantastic.  The sound is great and the look is aesthetically pleasing.  I wish I had done more research and learned that the some of the awesome features are only available when using it with a PC.  For the PS4 you simply plug it into the controller which is great for ease of use, but fine tuning is passable.  Even after spending some time making adjustments using the what was available through the PS4 operating system, I found little appreciable differece from the initial setup.  This is a high quality unit, I just wish all of the features were available to me as a console user.
The HyperX Cloud II is a great headset for gaming or music, especially for the price. It may not have many bells and whistles, but it delivers great sound and very impressive mic quality. The virtual surround sound works better than on some other headsets, but its still a little gimmicky if you ask me. Above all else, this headset is extremely comfortable. Easily the most comfortable gaming headset Ive ever used. The 3.5mm jack unfortunately broke after about a year, but that sort of thing happens with those smaller connectors.
Amazing headset. Great comfort, great sound, quiet mic - I had to return it due to the mic. Maybe it was some configuration with my computer, but I am pretty sure I exhausted all options and the issue prevailed.
Used this headset for around 3-4 months and took good care of it but the left earpiece died. I did buy the same model because I absolutely love the feel and the sound you get from this headset. Ive been using the second pair that I purchased for about a year now with no shortage problems so with that being said, if I had not had that previous experience with the earpiece shortage, this would be a 5/5 star headset. Either way, I still recommend this headset because I absolutely love the way this headset is built.
My son loves it!
My grandson was very pleased with the item!
Headset is amazing. Friends say the mic is clear and loud, and the speakers are nice and loud. The surround sound is nice when Im playing Battlefield 1 but sometimes I turn it off as the sound can be hard to tell where exactly its coming from since you are trying to get a 7.1 surround experience in such a small space of the ear cup. Its still nice for racing games and some shooters. Highly recommend it. I also use it for my PS4 and its just as good as on PC but you dont get in line controls with the PS4
Excellent choice, much better than my old set from another company
Quality headset with no problems whatsoever. Use them for CS and theyre perfect for anything. I even used them on a 3 hour flight to watch movies. Theyre lightweight and easy to travel with.
Great headset arrived on time,put it on my Digital Storm Vanquish Level-4 tower. Gentle on the head, does not put more pressure after adjusting to the head. Better than others I have owned over the years.
Superb. So many kills and call outs from this headset and they have been abused without missing a beat. Best kept secret in gaming. Highly recommended.
I have only had these for a week so I cant speak to their longevity, but so far Im impressed. Very comfortable. They look and feel high quality. Nice packaging and extras. They sound great in 7.1 and the mic quality is reasonable for a headset. My only critques are regarding the volume control. The control would be better with a dial instead of buttons so the user has some idea how far up or down they go and what their current statis is. A better mute switch that is easier to see and use would be appreciated. And an option to turn off the red LED glow. Overall, a good buy.
Great item
Bass is Good, Highs are High, and Its able to distinguish location very well when playing csgo. Best headset Ive owned so far w/o breaking the bank hence recommended by some csgo pro players.
The headphones are so great! I love the surround sound feature it has. My roommates are always yelling at me because I can barley hear myself talk in games, so I seem to be yelling. They are great head phones! The microphone is great also, however the usb port seemed to have broken because my mic doesnt pick up anything unless I plug the aux port in directly which shortens my cord quite a bit. Ive had it for about 9 months and its been broken for about 6 months with no help to the company!!!
I used a set of the black and reds at MomoCon 2017 at there computer gaming section. I instantly fell in love with these! I saw they offered them in gunmetal and black and had to get them because they match the colors of my desktop. Very sturdy and I love the soft cups for the ears.
I love them! I use them for work and playing Xbox. Comes with a great carrying back, and they feel and sound great! Definitely one of my best purchases.
amazing product..sound quality is top notch for gaming as well as movies and 7.1 surround is a great addition..bought it almost 1 yr back and still its in flawless condition
You will love it, but for 7.1 virtual sound card, it doesnt look like you are hearing true 7.1 sound channel. This headphone is not heavy on your head, its like a cloud. Recommend this
I love these! Before purchasing these I went to a famous store that sells electronics and the salesman convinced me to try a different brand. I did and they were very good, but there was something odd about the fit and I didnt like the lights (RGB) they had. I thought to myself that I would be embarrassed to use those in public at a coffee shop or someplace like that. So I returned those and got these. These look much more professional and mature. I love the fact I can control both the volume and the audio from one switch and that i can attach the headset from the switch without having to necessary take out the USB. Its just a convenient way to keep my desk tidy and not have the headset out when not in use. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5, which i easily could have done, is that while the fit is better, I do tend to feel it slightly hurting my ears after long use. If they could shape the ear part the way my first set was shaped then I think it would be more comfortable for long use. And, while they are comfortable enough and not overly heavy, I think they could be lighter given the lightweight yet sturdy materials that are available today. The price point seems to suggest a lighter weight product, but its heavier than what i expected for the price. All in all, Im very happy, just a bit picky as im writing this I guess.
These headphones are excellent in just about every aspect. The build quality of steel, leather, and braided cables guarantees that this headset will last for years to come, and sound quality is just as satisfactory. The warranty of this headset is lax on its restrictions. I had broken the jack by accident, but customer service replaced my headset, no questions asked.
Works great/
Great headset guys. Go for this one. Add me on Ps4 SavageMalik16 lol
Best headset I have ever owned. I love the modular capabilities that allow you  to use these in more them one situation. Would highly recommend these to anyone needing them for multiple uses.
far, better than the steelseries they replaced, and a lot less money surround sound, light, comfortable, great mic,  and superior build quality
I game anywhere from 1-5 hours a day with glasses. Cant wear contacts bc they dry out my eyes. These are by far the most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn hands down no contest. Ive owned anywhere from skullcandy to beats headphones and the cushioning material here is the more comfortable than any other brand Ive tried. The mic works well. External sound card isnt super necessary for me but also works flawlessly.
i have owned the new astro a50s and they do sound great dont get me wrong i had them for almost a month and i do not regret returning it at all, i did a whole lot of research and after long day i ended up buying the hyperx cloud so i tested the sound quality on both headphones and of course the a50 has a powerful sound especially when it comes to the bass and thats when i started to dislike it cause my ear drums will start hurting a bit it was too loud for me even though i had the volume at mid level so i needed to take them off from time to time and it was very disappointing because i liked the a50s but having it for 4weeks i had to return it the features were awesome and the bluetooth worked well and so as the mic when chatting anyways i got my money back and i was glad to see my $300+tax back into my account lol so i was curious about the hyperx cloud 2 and all the good reviews i ended up buying it and all i can say is i LOVE THEM nearly the same sound quality as the a50s, the sound on the hyperx cloud 2 is just perfect to me not too loud when you have the volume up and the bass/mid/treble are just perfect and comfortable as hell maybe a bit more comfortable than the a50s plus is $100 bucks.....this headphones are a steal so i highly recommend it to anyone that is looking for a decent pair of headphones and not go over your budget. if you like loud ear bleeding sound headsets and have your ear drums sore? go ahead and get the a50s youll love them......but if you are not really into loud but  just great balanced sound kinda like (bose quality) go for the hyperx cloud 2 you wont regret it. better yet buy both and test them yourself & be the judge of it. and if you dont like either one you can always return them and get your money back and buy some other headsets, but me im keeping these babies and i will probably buy more if i need to. and if there are new a60s, a70s, a80s etc i will still buy them and test them out and compare them with maybe some new hyperx cloud 3, 4 , 5...you get the point.
Got it for my son and he loves it
Better than astros!
I went through four sets of gaming headphones before I finally settled on these.  I dont think you could convince me to switch away from these - theyre wonderful. - The memory foam ear cups are not only ridiculously comfortable, but do a great job of blocking out external noise.  I wasnt a fan of the velour ones, only because they made a squeaking sound that the mic would pick up when Id turn my head. - I can wear these for hours without ear soreness or other fatigue. - The mic quality is great (no more echo from the headphone speakers, or sounding like Im talking through a tin can), and I love that I can remove it when not in use. - Plugging the aux cable into the USB sound card is quite nice.  I find that headphone cables often get twisted and get all sorts of kinks; being able to twist the cord at the base where it plugs into the USB sound card is much easier than taking off the headphones and twirling them to get the kinks out.
I love this headset. Bought it during Black Friday of 2015, and its still going strong. The sound quality is great with the bass being a little bit on the high side which is very nice in my opinion. The build quality is quite sturdy as well, very light and not as big like the Razer Kraken making it fitting nicely onto your head. The clamping force is too tight, but tight enough to get that nice fit. The dongle to mute and adjust mic volume and sound volume is a nice touch as well. Detachable mic makes it very convenient on whether to have something blocking your mouth or being mic free. Only downsides I would say are that my headset specifically has a lower mic volume than other headsets, but my buddies can still hear me fine. Another is that the 7.1 is useless because it sounds like garbage but disabling it makes the price tag justifiable. Overall, I recommend this headset over any of the gaming headsets. It looks sleek and nice, and has the sound quality to back it up.
They are great. My husband loves them.
very good for the money
One of the best headphones Ive ever owned. I love the Hyper X Cloud 2s, and I definitely would recommend it. By only biff with the headphones is that the included mic will eventually stop working. This happened to me on my original purchase, additionally the headsets usb stopped working causing me to repurchase. This headset is great when you get lucky with the build youre sent.
This is the 4th different headset I have used over the years. The others were -wireless turtle beach (cant remember which one) -Xbox one stereo headset -Sades SA926 Gaming Headset I was looking to get a new headset because some of my friends were complaining that I sounded far away while using the SA926 headset. I read a lot of reviews and decided that this was the headset I wanted to buy. I should also note that I have minor hearing damage so I hear sounds different than the average person. As far as quality is concerned this headset is awesome. It doesnt feel cheap. The detachable mic is great because I can just unplug it if I am doing some solo gameplay or if Im watching a movie and want to keep things quiet. The cord is pretty long too which is really nice and it has braided nylon or something over it. The headset is also not super tight but not super loose, it fits perfect (SA926 was super loose and could fall off my head easily). Sound quality is great. The surround sound is pretty awesome. In playing Rainbow Six Siege I had no problems figuring out directions of foot steps and where other sounds were coming from. It has drastically helped my situational awareness. Mic quality Im being told is crystal clear. Which is definitely a plus for my friends. This headset is also fairly cheap (price) compared to a lot of other headsets out there. For the quality and price you can not go wrong with this headset. I have nothing negative to say about this headset at this time, but I will update the review if I find one.
Perfect for gaming. I use them for my PC and my Xbox One. I just bought another pair for my wife. Not only are they good for gaming, they replaced my Bose QC15 noise canceling headphones as my favorite pair of headphones.
I can wear these all day without it hurting my head/ears
best headset ive ever had.... really comfortable great quality and perfect sound, i would totally recomend them
I bought these headphones after reading a review of multiple headsets for PS4 / PC.  It was definitely a step-up in both cost and quality from the headphones im used to.  The sound is top-notch and the microphone has the ability to be plugged in or removed from the headset.  At first I didnt understand why you had to plug in the microphone but i do enjoy being able to disconnect it if i dont want people to listen to me rage.  The headphones seem to be very sturdy and are quite comfortable despite fitting snugly on your ears to keep the sound in and outside noise out.  The only issue I have is that after several hours my ears do tend to be fairly warm/hot and it did make my ears a little sore after long sittings, but since Ive never used a headset that didnt make my ears a little sore after hours of gaming, i didnt feel the need to remove a star for that.  My final impression is that this was a smart purchase that delivers both amazing game sound and the clearest microphone audio Ive heard from gaming headsets.  Well worth the cost!!!
Really great headphones I would recommend it if your looking for a new headset and even if your just a casual gamer. Its comfy on your ears amazing sorround sound and at its peek with noise canceling.
Very Comfortable on the ears, excellent sound quality.  I like that the microphone is detachable.  And that the plug in is both 3.5mm jack and USB.
These headsets are really good Great sound and improved my gameplay Pros - good sound most likely to improve your hearing Cons - hard to hear your parents yelling at you so be careful haha
We own two, and my brother-in-law bought a third. Several different colour combinations available. USB connection to computer, but can also be used with any 3.5mm stereo headphone output connection. Very satisfied
The best headset i have ever used, really nice mic quality as well. The 7.1 surround sound button makes all the difference as well
Great headphones, sound good, good quality mic.
Games sound clear/vivid. The surround sound is on point! And all my clan mates agree I sound crystal clear!
Amazing Quality. I never had complains from friends when using the mic. Still using this now and will not replace it until it breaks or become unusable.
These are great for gaming and even pretty darned good for music too. The removable mic is nice, but being able to unplug the headphones from the USB cord to use them with another (headphone jack) device sold me.
It has a good mic and sounds very nice but there is a bit of a scratchy noise every once in a while
Great Product
Best Headset even for its low price! Kicks my $300 turtle beaches butt
I was looking for some quality headphones both for gaming and also for video work, and these are very solid. The mic works great. I use it on Steam as well as Xbox One. The audio controller only exists on the USB portion of the headset, which means if you are plugging these straight into a device using the audio cable (instead of piping it through the included USB cord) then you wont have a lot of control over the audio input/output. Definitely a good buy and am happy with the purchase.
Its comfy and well suited for gaming. This was overear and felt fine.
Some of the best headsets for the money.
This has to be the best headset I have purchased to date. It came in a very nice box, presented extremely well. Once on your head, its really comfortable and the sound is on point. The only thing buyers should know is that the Virtual Surround Sound is only for PC. I barely use it because I use this for music production and console gaming but its an awesome feature to play around with and it works!
Great headset, if only Xbox voice worked as well as this set!
This headset is perfect for everyday gaming. Not tooany options for sound alterations but overall excellent. Mainly play FPS and Bethesda games
Sound quality is good but the microphone is not as sensitive as I would have liked.
Very good sound quality had the crappy Turtle Beach headset break on me after 2 months hopefully this is durable.
I can hear space with these headphones
Great headset, missing the 3.5mm connectors though.
Highs were to high, in not a bass head but these headphones  could use a little more to balance the sound. Cant remember if I messed around to much with an eq... WAIT!! if youre looking for a gaming headset, and before u say screw this and get studio or audiophile headphones know this.. Sure studio headphones will sound better , BUT! you will most likely need an amp, they typically dont have their own mic (really nice having none attached to thre headset) . AND!! keep in mind youre trying to find the optimal sound for a GAME,  games have their own virtual surround sound where they try to emulate a 7.1 surround experience, for immersion etc etc. Id get a solid gaming headset with a detachable mic... all that being said These are great headphones
Great headset for gaming audiophiles who want a wired usb headset with a detachable microphone. Way better than turtle beach or logitech.
Quick shipping! exceeded expectations.
This is and upgrade from the HyperX Cloud I for me. The USB booster box was a surprise performance upgrade for me and the single plug makes it simple to use on my cellphone for both listening and making calls. For the money i havent found a more durable headset. Its heavy and barring something ridiculous i very much doubt it will wear out or break.
This head set not only sounds amazing it is one of the nicest ive owned in all aspects. dont pay +250$ for the Turtle beach/Astro name slaped on a worse product, Hey Ive fallen for that trap before. But this time i really did my home work before dropping my hard urned money on a headset that wouldnt break in 6 months and was best for the value. Ended up finding easily the best in the 70$ to 200$ range. In ease of use and dam it is the most comfortable headset i have worn before and i have owned over a dozen or so over the years. And you cant beat it for the price that why this headset is rated #1 in 2016. If you can get it for around 100$ like i did during a sale pull the trigger. I love the extra ear covers the felt soft ones have the best air flow. And the box it comes in feels like a collectors edition box. Cant say enough good things about them. Look how theres virtualy no used pairs being sold, the build quality and style look superb. And the work for pc/xbox1/ps4 and many other devices and uses as well the cords are sturdy fiber wraped and long as hell. 10 out of 10. For the money. Got mine in grey and black for $93.00ish shipped around a nice sale period. They gave me a league of Legends free game download with it. Lol you mean a free to play, pay to win trap.
Amazing quality and comfort for the price. Although I cannot figure out exactly how work the volume settings yet. My freinos can barely hear me.
Very fast shipper! Great packaging and easy to open! Fabulous product! Bought for a professional gamer who was extremely delighted and very familiar with this product.
Winning more Dota 2 games than usual because of this!
Good sound with the emulated 7.1 on and great long cord...sometimes its really too long and I wasnt sure that was even possible. Makes me think they should package a small cord roller with it. It comes as two pieces.. USB portion which ends at the 7.1 controller and then the headset with an analog end. If you use the headset without plugging into the USB controller you have no volume controls on the set. But for those of you concerned youd lose the ability to go analog, you are fine. I use it on my PS4 and PC.
Fantastic headphones. Bought them for a charity stream because I needed a mic. Theyve now replaced my regular headphones.
After having this for months it still works and still feels like heaven.
Audio quality is very good. It is built VERY NICELY. But of course it nothing is perfect sadly. :( The microphone is really bad, but it is removable so I jerry-rigged an old turtle beach microphone and plugged it into the MIC AUX IN port.
Not only is this headset incredibly comfortable for my size 8 head-size which is rare but its made incredibly well.  From the detachable mic arm to the material used for the ear rests and the low-tangle cord this is the single best headset Ive owned after using headsets like this for the past 10 years.
Great sound, wasnt very comfortable in the beginning, but the memory foam seemed to loosen up and got a lot softer after a while. Made my head kinda sweaty, and squeezed it a little, but was still pretty comfy after I got used to it. Honestly more impressed by the packaging than the headphones themselves. Solid construction, hard to imagine it breaking unless I used an axe on it or something. Microphone isnt top-notch, but its good enough if all youre doing is chatting with your friends on skype.
PROS: I bought this headset as a replacement for a Logitech G430. The Logitech headset had decent sound, but the driver constantly gave me problems (the ONLY hardware Ive ever owned that caused a Windows 7 Blue Screen of Death) and while they never physically broke, the plastic always felt flimsy and cheap, and the microphone randomly stopped working from time to time. That headset was $80. Additionally, I know a quality pair of over the ear headphones can cost upwards of $200, so when I decided to purchase the HyperX Cloud 2 headset for $100, I didnt have very high expectations. To my delight, when I received this headset, I was absolutely blown away by its quality! The construction of every piece is incredibly sturdy. I wont go into details of the materials used (plenty of other reviews cover this,) but suffice to say, there are ZERO parts on this headset that I am concerned will break. Even the box it comes in is built like a tank! The audio quality is also fantastic. I have a high-end gaming rig, and this headset might be the best value per dollar piece out of all the hardware in my build (possibly surpassed only by my Anker gaming mouse.) CONS: -The volume buttons on the control box change the volume on the output source rather than on the headphones themselve, (ie. they control the output impedence of the sound card rather than the final volume of the headphone speakers.) This means it is very difficult to listen to them on extremely low volume without having them completely muted. Probably easy enough to fix with third party software, but a minor nuisance nontheless -Another minor problem with this headset is that it is a bit tight on my head, and gets a tad uncomfortable if I wear it for long periods of time (3+ hours.) Not enough for me to consider not wearing it though VERDICT: Couldnt be happier with this headset: a tremendous value for anyone looking for a mid-level gaming headset
Best headset I have ever owned!
Solid headset. It is very comfortable to wear for long periods and the sounds quality (while not amazing) is about what you expect for the price range. It also has adjustable sound an mic volumes built into the cord which is nice. I wouldnt recommend this for the virtual 7.1 sound however. Keep in mind it is not real 7.1, it just attempts to mix the stereo audio to create better directional sound. I have purchased other software that does a much better job creating virtual surround sound. The built in one is still better than stereo though, especially if you play FPS games and need to hear where your opponents are. Overall great headset for the price. Highly recommend.
Bought this product in March 2016. This headset has nice sound & nobody complains about the microphone, its crystal clear. The adaptor is pretty cheap from my experience. The plastic clip broke after 2 weeks as its pretty fragile and the connection from the microphone to the adaptor is now acting up. If I move the wire in the any direction it loses sync and I have to wait as it reconnects again. Very annoying if your listen for foot steps in a game. Overall its great product. Just handle with care. ** UPDATE ** Ive contact Kingston via email & there support staff sent a new dongle @ no charge as its under a 6 month limited warrantee. For those with low microphone issues, Ive corrected it by downloading the Reatek HD audio driver. Now my only complaint is the wire lead directly into the headset is disconnecting & powering down the right side ear piece.
Outstanding product for the price. Wish you could turn off the red LED in the controller .
Worked very well for 45 days....had to ship them back to be replaced. They just quit working
Sound quality is superb headphones hands down are the most comfortable pair I have ever worn. And to clear the air the 7.1 surround sound does work correctly on the PS4. Dont second guess these they are great the good reviews are there for a reason
Ok so my son bought a pair and the best headset hes ever owned so today we purchased another pair for my other son and it just got delivered less than 10 hourso and it was here  amazing and would  recommend product .
Comfortable, easy to setup perfect for gaming for hours.
Mic is very clear. Surround sound is good for music and games. Base is amazing on this head set and its looks very clean.
Went from Bronze V to Challenjour rank 1 in LoL NA in 1 day. I upgraded from a logitch g430. And oh man this is a definite step up in every aspect from build, sound, and aesthetics quality. The change was like night and day. Build: super sturdy but light on the head, nice threaded cable and cord length. Sound: Kreygasm, crisp and clear. awesome toggle dongle 5.1 to 7.1 sound adapter kicks ass and really enhances the listening experience Aesthetic: clean and crisp. imo red black ist he best color scheme available. really brings out the logo. My friends raved about the microphone quality being 10x with the hyperX from the g430 on curse voice. but then again i guess anything would be better than g430 microphone. side note (had wierd connection issues with my pc picking up the g430 mic through the 7.1 usb) pros: detachable mic/adjustable, interchangable ear pads, feels like a CLOUD sitting on your head for extended gaming/movies/music/surfingtheweb, cloth baggie to hold headset and accessory. cons: none so far. wish i had gotten these sooner? If you looking to get a new headset or looking to upgrade. you will not go wrong with the hyperX Cloud II. worth every penny!
amazing
Sound was pretty good. Comfortable, but not so much for people with big heads or big ears. For me, my ears were starting to hurt after about 2 hours of gaming. The 7.1 usb works very well but lacks anything to customize the sound. The mic, my buddy said sounded good. Easy to adjust the mic around away or close to your mouth. Even with it up close, he couldnt hear me breathing. I love that the mic is detachable, that is huge for me since I dont use headset mics, I use my own XLR microphone. Only reason I took off 1 star is not for comfort issues, but the lack of software to customize sound settings like some headsets have.
Great sound quality and the mic is good. Sometimes my friends say that the mic cuts off but its not too often. In addition to this, they also mention that the mic is far too quiet.
Initially my son we loved them. Comfortable, light, stylish. Hes even upset with me rating it 1 star now. I explained to him the jaguar car example. Great looking cars, but they arent (or at least werent 20 years ago) reliable. If a car wont start its not a good car no matter how good it loks. We started having problems after 6 months. The microphone would cut in and out. Popping it in and out would solve the problem, but the last straw was when the left side stopped working. Ill work through warranty and see what happens but theyre not even a year old and while used 3-4 times a week they look like new and were well taken care of. Ill try to remember to post on the warranty service. Edit: 11/10/16 I contacted customer service earlier in the week. I got a person right away and the rep was super helpful. The return requires another step of submitting some info (invoice) before issuing an RMA and you have to pay for shipping (boo!). So Im out another $15 and wont have headphones for a few weeks. You can get an immediate replacement shipped by proving a credit card, but I opted out of that. If they paid for shipping I would up my rating, but what kid of warranty makes you pay more money to fix a broken product? Edit:11/22/16 We mailed the broken set back and got a new (reconditioned?) set sent back to us. Whole thing took about two weeks.
Had these for years.  LOVE them
Pro: Great sound. Been awesome for xbox one games and media. Works great listening to music on the phone. Great for the long phone calls too, speakers and mic worked with my samsung s6 using just the headset cord. Comfortable enough with glasses during long sessions. Blocks out a lot of surrounding noise. Nice long cord. Awesome packaging. Cons: Gets kinda warm, maybe its the hugging fit, it can be like ear muffs. Wish it had a volume control built in to the line for Xbox use. It does have controls if youre going to use the USB cord on a PC. Mic is quite sensitive, if Im not careful I get called out for Vader breathing.
Great headset! The build quality is superb!
Amazing headset. I use it for hearing footsteps in call of duty.
Super comfortable with great sound. Great gaming headphones.
Excellent for the money. I never tried the expensive ones but this is more than expected. I get lost playing games, sometimes I forget baby sleeping and I am screaming at the tv. Excellent product, great price and comfortable.
Very durable, mic sounds decent enough to talk to teammates with, the bass is a tiny bit muddy (nothing too noticeable unless youre very audio savvy) works well with both PC (if you follow the driver instructions) works very well with PS4.
I really wanna give this 4 stars just because of the DAMNED cord.  No matter how you sit it down.  when you pick it up even if you pick it up exactly in reverse of how you sat it down it tangles up.  It may be worse than a corded phone,  seriously. Besides that the headphones sound AMAZING they are comfortable even with my big head.  Im 66" and smarter than the average bear.  so yea big head... they wouldna needed to photo shop my head in that 2chainz video Watch Out lol.
As an " Audiophile " who owns Sennheiser HD 650 and Beyerdynamic DT 990 600 Ohms model equipped with a JDS Labs Element AMP/DAC, I can proudly say these headsets are absolutely the BEST valued gaming headset around $100-200, I tried Sennheiser PC363D, Sennheiser Game Zero/One and Audio Technica ATHADG1, the audio quality in-game is no different except the sound stage, though if you swap the pads with the velour pads they give you it will widen it just a bit, but you lose a little bit of bass.
I have owned many headsets and this one has simply been the best. I will forever buy Kingston headsets from now on and hope that other companies take notes from this company on how to make an outstanding affordable headset.
Great headphones and for a great price too. They sound amazing and work great for games like CSGO. Ive already recommended it to friends and one even bought one for himself. +Rep really good
These headphones are the most comfortable best quality sounding headphones I have ever tried. Whether using them to listen to music, playing a game or watching a movie on your computer you will find they are fabulous!  I bought a pair for my husband for his birthday but his sister also got him a pair. I kept the headphones I ordered him so now we both have them (of course he got another gift).  We both rate them 5 stars!
Review on fit and quality: The quality is top-notch; nothing has come loose, frayed or otherwise failed to work. The cord seems durable and the headset fits well. Before I purchased these myself, I checked other reviews here on Amazon and was concerned they might be too tight for my head. Some had complained they felt like their head was being squeezed too tightly. I wear a large size hat, and after the break-in, it is very comfortable to wear this headset. Keep in mind, like every other headset, there IS a break-in period. For my large head, it took 3 full gaming sessions over a number of days(roughly a 24hr period of time; 3 sessions of 8hrs each) for these to fit comfortably. Those customers who complain about the tightness have simply not given this product enough break-in time. Great product; would buy again.
Decided to write a review after a few months of owning the product. Listed below are both the pros and cons.  1. The overall sound quality for the price is on the higher end.  2. The 7.1 surround sound is great for gaming.  3. These headphones can be used for mobile, pc, and consoles (yes the 7.1 surround sound works on ps4) when you boot up the ps4 the light on the remote that says Hyperx will light up, once it lights up immediately hit the 7.1 button. This needs to be done before the ps4 boots up, once on the main menu if you look up accessories you will see the ps4 reconize the headset.  4. Mic quality is great! Easy to be heard, picks up nice! Is clear.  Mic is removable!  5. The ear muffs and where the headset sits on your head feels fine. Having two different materials for the ear muffs is nice.  6. Love the colors and the overall look of the product, the material and stitching is nicely done.  The cons:  1. The headset at first feels very tight, especially if you wear glasses, it gave me a earache and headache. I fixed this by stretching it out over a book so it loosened up over a few weeks time. Is a non issue now.  2. The ear muffs can be hard to get on and off the headset to switch them.  Overall after fixing the tightness feeling on my head itself I think these are easily worth the price. I have $200 turtle beaches and this headset has way better sound and mic quality. I would recommend these to other people.  Also to note: Their customer service is amazing.
The reviews and the hype is real. This IS officially the best wired gaming headset under $100. Sound is great. The ability to switch between 7.1 at the click of a button. Decent bass. Mic is pretty good. Comfortable. Packaging was FANTASTIC. Even comes with a nice bag to carry them in. Extra set of valor ear covers. Braided cables. Metal in the important parts instead of cheap plastic (I know youve had a pair break) Other companies should take notes THIS IS HOW YOU TREAT YOUR CUSTOMERS !!! Will update if anything changes but so far out the box flawless. Waiting for the Cloud IIIs. Trust me buy these.
This is the 2nd pair I have bought now.  The first pair was completely amazing except for the lack of life span.  I only got 9 months out of it and this was with super tender care.  Hopefully the 2nd pair will last me longer!
Biggest issue first: you can NOT hear yourself through the microphone. This is extremely annoying to gauge how loud I am talking. I was going to actually send these back before I finally figured out the secret to using them with the PS4. I also game on PC and these are fantastic for that, but that is addressed in a ton of other reviews. I thought that because it only had USB, it wouldnt receive game audio from the PS4 and that I would need a separate adapter to separate the audio and mic functions. Turns out, all you need to do is go into Settings>Devices>Audio Devices and then set "Output to Headphones" as All Audio. Bass is kind of weak, but the headset has a fairly flat spectrum in my opinion which will be nice for music. Game volume on the headset is not changeable via the USB module (on PS4), which is very annoying but you can set it in the settings and leave it. 7.1 also DOES work on PS4 (which I dont really care about either way). All in all, if youre buying for PC - I say 100%. If youre looking to purchase for a console, its a solid contender but there are other console centered headsets that beat it out.
Went from Turtle Beach to these. Ill never look back. Comfortable and perfect sound!
This is a very nice headset for the price. It is comfortable and has great sound. The bass has good volume without overpowering the mid and treble. The only issue I have is with the microphone. It is uni-directional, but with the foam guard it is hard to tell which direction the mic is supposed to face. I had to do some trial and error with friends on group chat software to find the correct placement, and even then it took some work to keep the microphone facing the right direction. The wire holding the mic is quite stiff and doesnt twist easily, though it does move easily closer to and away from your mouth. I have also found that the mic needs to be rather close to your mouth for the volume to be good because there is no way to adjust the Mic sensitivity. When trying to adjust it in the control panel the adjustment bar is greyed out. When the mic is close to your face it also picks up on breaths and other things making the quality sub par in my opinion. If you plan to use this mic for gaming, you better get used to PTT or your mic will be keying for the slightest shifts or breaths. Overall I am quite happy with the headset, though I plan to switch to a different Mic. Luckily this Mic is removeable so I shouldnt have any issues with that!
Great Surround Sound for PC gaming
This headset is my first gaming headset, but I have had many other headsets before. I love not having to download any drivers for this headset and it being able to connect to my Xbox, phone, and PC, but after wearing it for a long time (2-3 hours) my ears start hurting. The buttons on the headset cable make it easier to change settings while in a game. The microphone has an average quality and I love how you can take it off the headset. When I attached this headset to my phone, sometimes the microphone would stop working in the middle of a call. The headset comes with a airplane headset connection adapter which is very rare nowadays. The bag that comes with the headset is pretty small and easy to carry. Being able to easily move the microphone around anywhere really helps. The headphone quality is really good and I hear sounds in games that I havent heard before. It comes with two different cushions for the ears and I use the softer one although it is less noise-cancelling. Using this cushion makes my ears only start to hurt  3 hours after instead of 2 hours with the leather cushion. The leather cushion is much more noise-cancelling but is not as soft as the other one. Overall, the headset is really good and is good quality for the price that it comes for.
This is the best headset I have ever bought. The metal frame to hold the headphones on is well-built, sleek, and I know it will not break like several other headset did.  Also the 7.1 surround sound is crystal clear. I also like how it comes with a leather and a cloth earmuff covers so you can choose which is best for you. Finally the braided cable for the cord is also well built. This is the best headset I have ever bought under $100 and beats most headsets that cost a lot more.
These headphones meet and exceed all expectations. Theyre very comfortable, the Mic works great with no popping or hissing. The most surprising and beneficial aspect came from the cord. Having the cord covered by woven fibers instead of coated in plastic like most headphone cords gives these headphones a distinct look and feel. Im very happy so far.
I r8 8/8
OMG these are so quiet and clear and comfortable and stylish - I think I died and went to headphone heaven!! Seriously I have owned units that cost 3 times as much and were not near as good. 10/10 I have bought 3 pairs for gifts so far... I see they raised the price a bit since I bought mine but hey they are worth the money. SOLID GEAR for the bucks!! Buy without fear! Enjoy.
This is better than the HyperX Cloud Revolver.
Built like a tank and good sound quality. I bought these after my PS4 Gold headset decided to break in half for no reason whatsoever. This is and was a common problem for the PS4 Gold headsets. This new headset is solid like a rock and the best feature for me is the ear cups. They are big and totally cover my ears. I have worn these for over ten hours of gaming straight with no heat buildup issues at all to my ears.
Fantastic gaming headset.  My son loves it!
They work as advertised and have held up well.
Best gaming headset Ive ever had. I also use it for conference calls for work and its great. Kind of wish there were some on-headset controls because reaching down for the controls located on the wire is a bit awkward. Especially on conference calls, an easily accessible mute button would be great. They also get a bit hot. But like I said... great headset, great sound, mic is solid.
Best headset Ive ever had.
100 dollars, replacement cups are 20 bucks from Kingstons website, high quality braided cord thats long enough to go to my bed or bathroom so I can brush my teeth or lay down and watch a movie, USB controller actually works, virtual surround in the controller makes a noticable difference and is easily disabled/enabled with a button push, independent control for mic and speaker volumes on the dongle, dongle has a durable clip (stepped on repeatedly, only hurt my foot), surprisingly high quality shipping material/case and storage pouch. Cons: mic quality is acceptable if not fantastic, and the headband adjustment is loose with no way to securely tighten it due to plastic construction.
One of the best headsets you can get your hands on for $100 folks.
Good quality headphones. Does great keeping sound in and not letting any out. Earpads are comfortable. I like the option of 2 different earpads if youre not a fan of one. Highly recommend a pair if youre gaming and need to keep the sound to a minimum or want to experience the full surround sound in your ears.
Great headset, good quality.
Works extremely well with my Xbox One and PC! The cushioning around the ears is comfortable, sound quality is great, and the mic is fairly sensitive. Would definitely purchase again if needed.
Love these, comfortable and excellent sound. Very good in line controls. Long cord to reach anywhere. Flexible mic makes for very easy adjustment.
The steel frame feels nigh indestructible, the 7.1 surround sound is perfect for gaming or watching movies. The coord is extremely long (around 6 feet) and has a mixer halfway through that has its own sound card.  The detachable mic has excellent sound quality.  Plug and play setup, no driver installation required.  This is an excellent headset that when combined with the price tag is an obvious choice for gamers/streamers.  A must buy if you have a budget. I have had no problems so far after 2 weeks of using them everyday all day.  I highly recommend this headset.
Great item, happy with my purchase.
These are absolutely amazing. The sound quality is superb when you turn on the 7.1 surround sound. The part that makes contact with your head is very comfortable and is nice for even long gaming sessions without needing to be adjusted or removed. A very well put together headset you can tell its quality, even comes with a nice bag with a clasp to keep it in. 10/10
Very comfortable. I put these on and I forget that Im sitting next to the washer in an apartment complex for vocally gifted children.
Overall, these are great headphones. They are a little pricey but they are made very well and from excellent materials and I dont think I will have a need to replace them for a long time. A couple of things Ive noticed are that there is this faint white noise from the headphones when the volume is low; I have my volume pretty low because theres no need to go very high with these. Its more prominent with the surround sound turned on. One other smallish complaint is that the control buttons are very easy to bump and if you are in a game its hard to notice it going up until its blasting in your ears. Very minor thing is that I wish that the default volume tick was 1 or 2 and not 4, I havent found a way to change this.
Amazing
I still like my Astro A50s better, but for $100 The sound cant be beat! Heres a Video Review I made:[...]
I was going to give this headset a 5 star review but reduced a star because of the cheap and clunky 7.1 sound card adapter that comes with this product. The adapter also disables stereo mix in Windows 10 OS which prevents me from directly streaming sound. Overall the headset is amazing and made of high-grade parts but it has drawbacks.
Edit..... My son complains about this headset being uncomfortable and were looking for a new one. Hes a big guy with a big head. He says the sound quality is better than the Corsair. So, if you have a big head and youre looking for something comfortable then keep looking. Long story short, I bought this after seeing review after review of how great of a headset this is. My son had a Corsair gaming headset that he thought was great. After using the HyperX for a day he said he liked this more than the Corsair and the expensive Logitech he had for a while. Hes been using it for 2 months and there isnt any wear as of yet. If youre spending less than $100 on a headset, this is the one to buy.
Solid headset, I especially like the fact it has a metal frame. Comfortable, and mic seems robustly built as well. Upgraded over a corsair headset which broke after a year due to plastic build, and the rechargeable battery eventually just stopped holding a decent charge, so I consider the cord (lengthy, durable) a plus in this headset.
It has amazing audio. The mic is good quality. I now know my new go to brand for headsets.
Amazing headset for the PC! The quality is amazing and the sound is superb. When opening the product you know and feel you are getting a quality product. Just plug the headset in and youre ready to go! The cord is very long and the entire headset (head band and ear cushions) is extremely comfortable and I can wear it for hours without any issues.
These were a major upgrade from my previous headphones. My old ones made my ears hurt after about 20 minutes, and I could VERY easily hear myself breathing through the mic. I just wore this pair for about 2 hours today, and my ears arent even the slightest bit sore. No breathing to be heard from my mic. A very good headset.
Awesome headset. I bought a chief competitors brand even thugh these were highly reviewed. Big mistake, these amazing very loud great sound and noise canceling is great.
Very comfortable for long ours of game play.
i bought these based on Toms Hardware reviewws of the best gaming headphones of 2016.  These one the best set for under $100 and they live up to the hype.  They are super comfortable, the microphone is absolutely amazing in terms of sound quality, it comes with several adapters and 7.1 surround to boot.  Sound quality is amazing for the price, and the included switch allows you to toggle volume up and down on both mic and headset and turn on and off the 7.1 surround.  One of the best purchases ive made in years.  My only nitpick is that they dont have a mute button which would come in really handy at times.  I use these to make calls through hangouts and people cant believe im talking to them from my computer.
Super comfortable wearing it, and the sound quality is perfect for me at least. Though a few connecting problems at first, I solved it by unplugging another mic and everything is fine now.
one of  the best quality items ever received from Amazon. I was looking to buy a pair of Beats but these are really incredible for the money you dont spend!!
The headset itself is amazing. The sound quality is great and the microphone is also clear, with the earcups being very comfortable. The headphones came in a very"professional" box, which is a really nice touch to it. What I dont like about it, is that the cable gets tangled very easily. I have to untangle the cable every time I use it, or else the cord is too short. Im not sure if this is a problem with mine, or if others have it too, but its just a minor inconvenience so I will still give this headset a 4/5 stars :)
The hyperx Cloud 2 are very cheap price but they compare it to the price like razor in the Razr is one of my favorite products but I would choose this one over the value.
Perfect headset. Its comfortable, light, and sounds great. I use it on my computer, PS4, and with my phone and it works great with all of them.
The Best Headset i have ever used. i love it.
I love this headset and would recommend it to anyone- as long as it came with a warranty. My headset broke just after a year of purchase and i wished i have known there was no warranty before purchasing it. It has gotten to where the right ear only works if the cord is positioned in the right angle, and i have always believed that headsets should last longer than a year.
The headset has outstanding audio quality and my friends have commented on my improved voice quality over the mic.  The headset is very comfortable for about the first two hours of use, but periodic breaks can help extend that time.
Great gaming headphone
4th Headset Ive ever owned. 1st was turtle beach px21. Broke after about 7 months, replaced, broke again around the same time; mostly due to continually tripping over wire no matter how careful I was (also dog leaps off my lap and pulled cord) 2nd was razer kraken pro. Same issue as turtle beach. Broke after about 1 year due to the cord so I decided to go wireless 3rd was logitech g930. Recommended from a friend, but I had nothing but issues where he did not. Plastic part broke after 2 months making it inoperable. Replaced it and it broke again within 2 months with other plastic parts cracking apart. Loved the headset but it is not durable at all. 4th headset is this. I REALLY wanted a wireless headset but they all had the same plastic frame and were much more expensive so I relented and chose the HyperX Cloud II headset. I cannot believe I didnt buy this sooner. The ONLY downside from switching to g930 is the g keys that come with it, but other than that this is MUCH more durable due to having a metal frame, a braided cord so its strong and its also not as annoying as the previous headsets with cords were, and is generally MUCH better. I hope to finally not have to buy a new headset bi-yearly. THANK YOU!
Theres enough in-depth reviews..... just got mine today, and been using it on every thing I own all day lol...... I think I might even like them better then my old Pulse Elites that bit the dust even though they were wireless. Fell one foot onto carpet and all audio died (took em apart and couldnt find a loose wire or anything). I went with wired cause all the wireless gaming headsets that arent cheap crap that snaps on the side (i.e. plastic.... Sony Golds, Turtle Beach etc etc) are more like $300 (like TB elite 800 or w/e)..... It was a toss-up between these and Audio-Technica ATH-PG1, but these have more perks like the choice of earpads and even an airplane adapter lol.... Gonna have to wait to see how Sonys Platinum one or Steelseries Artic 7 wireless do in reviews. These sound great, the mics nice and clear (at least to myself testing it lol), and they really do feel like a cloud on my head lol. Been wearing them ALL day, my neck doesnt hurt (that happened with the Pulses), my ears dont hurt.... The following is an answer I posted to a question for these concerning the PS3: You CAN get the mic to work with the USB on PS3. You have to go to Accessory Settings, then Audio Device Settings. You can adjust the mic volume from the PS3, youll prolly want it at max (mic volume controls on the dongle dont work). Sounds really good like it did on my PC. But you cant change OUTPUT device to "nothing" (so you dont hear yourself).... So keep it on the headset for input and output, and use the USBs controls to lower the headset volume until hearing yourself isnt so distracting (since as the next bit implies, you cant hear the game so lowering the volume will only affect hearing yourself...). On the same note.... anyone figure out how to set the console to send system/game audio to the headset via the USB? Theres nothing in sound settings, just HDMI, Optical, and the regular A/V RCA cord. So the game sound is stuck on the TV, and I cant hear the game while wearing these, so wearing these to use the mic is pointless atm. However I did just try something. If you have the single ear ear-bud w/mic that came with PS4 or a similar one, you can plug THAT into the Hypers USB instead of the Cloud II. So I guess if you are playing a game where you need to chat, do that. If not, go wired from your Stereo or TV with the Cloud IIs themselves So basically, unless I missed something, you can get the mic to work on PS3 as well but you cant hear the game while wearing the cans lol... cause the sound is stuck on the TV. But you can attach a single ear w/mic headset like the one that came with PS4s to the Hypers CABLE to use a mic on PS3, with game sound still on the TV (and you can hear the game). EDIT: DO NOT order a 3-pole extension cable (like Mediabridges) if you need one, itll cut the sound in half and get staticy. You need a 4-pole headphone extension cable for this headset (or prolly any headset with a mic). I ordered KabelDirects 15 foot one and it works perfect.
Sounds great ! very light feel wearing them ... Mic sounds great atleast from the compliments im getting from my crew of usual gamers
This is a fantastic headset for gaming and honestly listening to music as well. I mainly use it on ps4 by plugging the usb into the console itself. The only thing for me is that the inline controls for volumes doesnt work well for me however the 4.1 surround sound and muting the mic work great. Amazing comfortable headset that sounds clear and has bass heavy boom.
Sounds great
Great sound quality, cancels sound around you and I like that you can remove the mic or switch ear cups with cloth ones.
Excellent sound quality! However, as I have my head a little higher than normal, the lobe of the ear is almost out of ear pads. Therefore, the arc size could be a half to an inch larger.
Thanks to the amazing noise canceling ear phones.. The drive by shooting outside my house was unnoticed by me. 10/10 and thanks again :)
First things first. This is an amazing headset. Its comfortable for long periods of time, the mic is outstanding, and its built really well. That being said, I dont know what all the fuss is about the noise cancelling. Yes, the noise cancelling of the mic is great, but people keep saying the earphones are noise cancelling, and therefore block out all (outside) sounds. That is absolutely not at all true in my experience. I live in an apartment complex, and I have neighbors upstairs. They can get a little noisy, but I can hear them EVEN MORE when I am wearing my Cloud IIs. Every once in a while I have to take my headset off to make sure they arent being as loud as I think they are when I wearing my headset. The only headset I would give these up for are the Revolvers. Other than that, I love these and I couldnt imagine using anything else, but no...the earphones arent soundproof. You will hear outside noises. Just sayin.
This headset is of great quality and is built to last. The cord is braided, which is good because i have bad luck when it comes to messing headset cords up. I have ran over the cord countless times, and once when i was walking to the fridge to get a beer, the cord stood up to the force of my own stupidity. The sound quality is great and my voice comes through crystal clear over discord (voice chat program). The surround sound is great for finding the positioning of enemies in games such as CSGO and OW.
Dac that came along has static noise . Solid headphone and well made microphone.
I wasnt expecting much for the price, but I got more than that. The sound quality is unbelievable. It handles base very well. No distortion at all. From what I read on reviews of its stereo headset counterpart, Some sound was sacrificed in this model. So it must make its older model cheaper and better when it comes to stereo. The virtual surround sound isnt really superb as I thought. Not sure why. It uses its own sound card in the volume control unit. When switched on, I do notice some differences, but not that noticeable. Dont ever expect much from "virtual surround sound". But for what it does, I am impressed. And its unpluggable microphone? Superb sound. Ive used it for many things including on Skype, and everyone says they hear me clearly. It does filter out background noises very well. I do recommend it, but if you really want budget, go for its older model, the HyperX Cloud.
I have been on the lookout for a good quality pair of headphones for a while. I bought this pair 2 months ago and have used them extensively since then. It has excellent sound quality. It is noise isolating, so you can still hear things in the background, but it does minimize outside noises. Very comfortable and can be worn for long periods of time without discomfort, it doesnt put a lot of pressure on your ears like some headsets do. The microphone is very adjustable and the sound quality is great. The headset can be a bit bulky and the cord can get in the way if you plan to use it with a laptop, but it is excellent for desktop use. Would definitely buy again.
Great headset Im loving it so far. Gun metal color looks very good, its not so flashy like the red one thats why I like it more. Music playback its actually pretty decent also, but its definitely meant for gaming.
Switched to these recently over another brand for online gaming and my buddies swear theres a huge reduction in background noise and Ive never been clearer. Sound is a lot sharper then the previous gaming headset and these are almost indistinguishable from a more expensive set of non gaming headset I use for music and movies. These feel built pretty solid for the most part and are rather comfortable. One thing these have that my last headset lacked, and I really appreciate being included, it a clip on the back of the control so you can clip it to your shirt of pocket. My last headset didnt have the clip so it often got caught on the desk when I moved forward or backwards which eventually caused them to malfunction if the wires moved just the wrong way. It doesnt seem like a big deal until youve dealt with it for a few years and Im happy to be rid of that annoyance, no more catching on the desk and getting the headphones and my glasses yanked off in the process. And thats another thing, these fit comfortably while I wear my glasses which is a definite plus. Last positive point to touch on, there are two pair of memory foam ear pads, one leather and one microfiber. While I prefer the leather pads, the microfiber is very breathable and worth switching to if it gets a bit warm in your pc room. My only complaints are the headphones can slide down my head a bit after prolonged use, without the microphone or auxiliary jack plugged in they cease working and plugging them in doesnt switch to them by default in Windows 10, you have to right click speaker/ headphone settings, go to playback devices, then select them as the default device on the list of playback devices. One additional note, Ive only used these to game with and C3 for voice chat because thats what all my friends use. I cant speak how well they work with a program like Teamspeak because Ive yet to try it with them.
I ordered these to match the upcoming Gears of War 4 xbone and controllers I preordered.  I usually run my Halo edition wireless Astros which though pricey sound phenomenal. So I wasnt expecting that caliber of sound from these units but instead was happily surprised. The settings for xbone are limited but these truly sound beautiful and the comfort blows my Astros away. They dont have surround and plug into the controller but honestly I am in love with them. The only thing I would like is a tiny bit more volume. I have a tendency to play loud and these dont lose any quality at max volume but for a few hundred less than my others I can live with it.
Ive had the headset for about two months and the headset works like new and it is very sturdy. This headset is one of the best headset you will see at this this price. The noise cancel is great, the sound quality is great, everything about the headset is great.
Fantastic, comfortable, and most importantly shuts out basically everything else. For the money its probably of the best quality in its price bracket,  possibly even better than higher dollar headsets.
My son bought this headset after much research. He thinks its great.
I have put off buying a pair of headphones like this for a while and Im glad that I went these! They have great sound, they are comfortable, and they fit very well! Very happy with my purchase and glad I went with these! Highly recommend these to anyone looking for a casual gaming headset or even a hardcore gamer. I play Multiple games with them as well as listen to Music and the 7.1 surround sound feature makes it a super fun experience all around! If you have been having questions on getting a good headset and not pay hundreds of dollars I would go with these. They get a little warm around the ears but I feel like thats a given so no decrease in rating for me! Thanks guys for a great product
10/10 head in the clouds if you know what I mean :)
Simply great to replace any old standard headset with this one. Its super comfortable, made of great material thats mainly leather and aluminum, sounds great, and the mic isnt as bad as people think it is. If youre using Skype (where I tested) its not as bad as the YouTubers have tested. I think it depends on your computer as well but Im no tech genius. Overall, if youre going to invest in a headset thats better than any cheap headset you get at Walmart or BestBuys, I highly recommend this one.
Very nice
Great headset especially for the money. You wont find many bad things with this headset. Generally if you do your research you will see time and time again this is the "best overall" headset. From places like PC mag and other reputable gaming sites they all point at this one. It will give you a high dollar look and sound for a third of the cost, and dont forget about the 7.1 surround sound card. I use this product for my tower and Xbox one no issues to date.
The bass is underwhelming on these, even with 7.1 on boosting the lows, but everything about the fit and finish if these phones is great. They fit me far better than my Turtle Beach Stealth 500Ps. They cans are a closed design so I dont pick up any outside noise, which isnt always great when streaming, but awesome for concentrating on a match. Mind you, the Stealths sound better than these, but the comfort, ergonomics and USB control pod really outweigh all the positives of the Stealths (even the wireless). Windows 10 doesnt like them all that much but thats a Windows 10 appx problem. They work just fine in game on PC. Havent tried them on PS4 as my fight stick doesnt have a stereo jack
This headset comes with all that is specified in the description and has great quality feel and sound. Personally, I love the detachable mic, extra ear pads, that it can connect to my phone, and the fact that it only needs a usb input to be used!
within 6 months, the usb controller had an open in the wire going into the controller.  However, the mfr was spot on and replaced it.  I did have to return the defective dongle though.  Otherwise, my son loves it.  I would give it a 5 star, but there was this failure within 6 months.
These are an amazing pair of headphones. You can use them easily with a phone or with your computer. The little USB sound card that attempts to do 7.1 surround sound is weird. I am not sure if it works or not, but when I plug my headphones directly into the AUX port of my computer I can hear all the footsteps. The other problem is the splitter plug that they give you. I plug it into my laptop so that I can use the mic and headphones, but the sound will only come out of one side of the headphones. so that is useless. And as i mentioned before the little USB thing doesnt really output great sound. For me it works because I dont usually talk but it would be nice if everything worked a bit better. The sound quality of the headphones is really great for me, and they are great and noise cancelling.
Really awesome headset! Very comfortable. Sound quality is superb, though I advise upgrading to the latest firmware.
The 7.1 surround sound button on the inline audio card actually makes a difference when listening to multi-directional audio. Bear in mind that it will also increase overall amplitude (it gets louder). When playing games without 7.1 surround support like counter-strike, I would suggest leaving this feature off. Noise direction identification is attainable with standard settings in such cases and functions appropriately. With the button toggled on, directional awareness suffers.
its a very durable headset made with pretty good metal and leather parts. im an avid video gamer, the problem doesnt lie in its quality but rather in its flexibility in audio and microphone settings i dont particularly have a problem with either, but noticeable inconveniences are in how close you have to speak into the mic, or how footsteps in cs go are very inadequate to hear.
Fell in love with it!
I love these.
I use it in my dorm and has great soundproofing. The mic also works well.
very good
Nice headset for under $100.00  the sound and microphone are nice, and it even has a surround 7.1 button that you can switch on and off.  Great for going between games and music.
They sound good and the mic works well. They are also very comfortable even with my glasses which seems to be pretty uncommon. The only downside is the wire from the headset to the remote is pretty short. So if you plan on not using the USB connection thats a thing to consider.
If youre looking for a high quality microphone than the Hyper X Cloud 2 might not be for you. But if youre looking for High Quality sound for gaming or music, than this is a definitely the best choice. With the metal frame, its practically impossible to break unless youre trying to it seems. The microphone is detachable, the memory foam ear pieces are out of this world, its like a cloud, hence the name HyperX Cloud 2. Includes a dongle with volume control settings and usb connection. You can use a 3.5mm audio jack aswell without the dongle. The headset offers 7.1 surround sound which could be perfect for you and your gaming experience.
Best pair of headsets I have ever used, the sound is amazing. The mic is okay good enough for gaming. If I was to find a flaw than that would have to be that if you want to change the ear cups you might have a bit of trouble they are easy to take off but difficult to put back on.
Ok so Ive used for PC and PS4. Turtle beach 400, 500p and 520. Ive also tried Sony Gold Series and After Glow wireless. I typically avoided wired headsets because wireless doesnt have the cord attachment. But decided to give these a try for PC gaming. Honest out of the box they sound great, good base, great mid and excellent highs. But I like a little more punch to my bass. I like to almost feel those explosions. 400, 500p and 520 did a great job of this but the mid and high suffered a little. After glow was too bass heavy and not comfortable on my ears. Gold Series what soft in all 3 sound requirements to me. Not Cloud II for PC gaming sound great out of the box but really show what they can do when using a 3rd party equalizer. I download Probit EqualizerPro [...] and with a little tweaking these thing blow my ears off. To me no part of the sound suffers. I get the pounding bass, great mid and crisp highs. They great on their own but incredible with EqualizerPro. As advertised the 7.1 virtual surround sound does not sound cheap like the Gold Series. Turtle Beach does a great job of simulating 7.1 surround sound. But problem with the 500 520 is limited PC support. The comfort with the memory foam and sound make these some of the best headsets Ive own. And I didnt have to spend 300-400 either. Give them a try and Ive also tried Turtle Beach 450 they sound great too but again no real punch. Maybe if I used Probit software I might have liked them more. But came across these and its too late.
Extremely comfortable and well built. You get what you pay for in terms of sound quality, but the overall build quality of the item more than makes up for it. Another plus thats often overlooked in products today is the packaging. Awesome work by Kingston.
It was just as the description says and just looks beautiful! Thanks kingston!
great headphones, very comfortable, remote is very convenient until it breaks, need the remote for 7.1 audio, replacement costs $42 direct from kingston... not getting that
Great headset. Comfortable, sounds good, feels sturdy, and it works with just about everything.
Its a great headset, comfortable and durable and sounds good too. It is well balanced and not blown out of proportion by the bass.
Surround sound is great.  Easy install and setup.  Perfect for CSGO players.
Amazing sound and fit.
Works as described. If you are a serious gamer look no further. This headset lets you immerse yourself in the game while blocking out all external sound. Ensure your doors are locked before you begin playing :) as you wont be able to hear any external sounds lol
Ill review this by comparing it to my other headset, the Logitech G35 gaming headset in 5 categories. 1. Comfort - Theyre almost the same, G35 a tad bit stiffer, but very comfortable   Id give the edge to the HyperX (9.5/10) vs. G35 (8.5/10) 2. Durability - So far the HyperX has been solid (10/10).  It has wide metal arms.   The G35 has broken twice on me now at the same point, the little plastic piece above the muffs always cracks eventually.  (2.5/10) 3. Output quality - The 7.1 surround sound quality is almost exactly the same, once again I give an even slighter advantage to HyperX   HyperX 9.5/10 vs. 9/10 for the G35. 4. Input quality - The Mic - On HyperX it is detachable while it rolls all the way up for G35.  The input quality on the HyperX is poor (4/10).   The G35 on the other hand is loud & clear (9/10).  People on VOIP can clearly tell when Im using the G35 vs. the HyperX. 5. Convenience/Ease of Use - The HyperX has all of its controls on the cable, mic volume, speaker volume, 7.1 & mute.   You have to look for that remote and look at it to see if muted or 7.1 is on, not very user friendly (6/10).   The G35 everything is conveniently place on left muff (9/10).  The speaker volume, mute, 7.1, even 3 macro keys, very easy to find.   You do not have to look for controls to see if mic is muted, simply roll up mic or there will be a red light at the tip of the mic when muted. In summation, as long as youre extremely careful with the headset and it does not break, the G35 is better due to mic sound quality & ease of use.  The HyperX is still a great headset though.  Very comfortable, built well & good sound, just need to tweak that mic some more.
my son loves these for the computer
most comfortable headset Ive used yet.  I have above average sized ears, and my last pair of Krakens crushed my ears after an hour of nerding out.  These fit over my ears nicely and have great sound.  Mic is great too
Really good headphone system. The mic is decent quality for streaming or teamspeak. The headphones are very comfortable.
Great high quality product at a good price
I had high expectations for this product! I got them for sure ! Strong and nice size , the only complain was that over time if not used correctly will loss grip.
Ive been using these headphones for nearly a year now and they are great. the audio quality is very good on both the input and the output. I also like the removable mic
I never knew my video games sounded so great until I tried these headphones. I used to have another set that actually cost more and it did not sound nearly as good. I am very pleased to have ordered this product. Also the headset feels very comfortable for hours at a time. I have epic gaming sessions. My head is also quite large and lots of time headsets feel uncomfortable.
I bought this headset on Black Friday/Cyber Monday for ~$60 and I love it. Great sound, durability, and look. The only con I have for it is that the mic is a tiny tiny bit muffled, but its still very good if you are looking to just play games and chat with friends online, as well as casual video-making. I wouldnt recommend using the microphone if you are already a professional youtuber or want to make very very high quality videos/audio recordings. Just buy some yeti microphone and youll be set!
Really good sound quality - both for listening and recording.
I purchased this headset on May 19, 2015. Review is on July 18, 2016. Ive had these for over a year and they are still the best and longest-lasting headphones Ive ever owned. Audio: The audio is incredibly immersive and down right the best audio I have ever experienced from a headset.  It has amazing bass and sounds crisp and perfect at all levels of volume. 7.1 Audio: This thing is a blessing. This headset comes with a 7.1 audio cable that you can actually plug into any 3.5 jack headset/earphones to give them the 7.1 surround sound. Durability: Ive had them for quite some time and they are still in the same condition as I bought them in. They are made of metal that is noise cancelling. The stitching for the head rest is superb and of high quality. Microphone: the detachable microphone is of excellent value and sounds great in-game or in skype, etc. Cable: The cable is by far the most impressive this Ive experienced with the headsets that I have owned. This cable /does not tangle/. It is made of a very sturdy braided material. Comfort: This headset has memory foam for the ear pieces. I wear this headset between 4 - 12 hours a day and they are by far the most comfortable headset I have ever worn. The headrest is very comfortable and it does not push down on my head. Size: This headset is on the more bulkier side but it is all well worth the size. Final Thoughts: I wish there was a way to buy/replace the detachable microphone as I have lost the piece about a month ago and no longer have a way to chat with friends. This purchase also comes with a second set of ear pads that are comfortable but are not memory foam. It also comes with a black bag to put the headset and ear pieces into.
Super comfortable for someone with a bigger head. The cups go completely over my ears, which was new for me. The padding is also very comfortably, and the headset is relatively light-weight. Ive had no issues wearing these for hours at a time. Sound quality is very good, with the simulated surround. Honestly, youre never going to get true surround sound from a headset, but it does make a good effort of attempting to trick you into it. The mic quality isnt professional, but if youre going for professional quality, youre better off getting independent headset and microphone. Having said that, the mic does come very clear and both aspects seem to help in cancelling extraneous noise. This headset is also somewhat modular in that you can remove the mic as well as the USB connection and use it as a standard headset. I picked these up for $83 and I would definitely recommend them for the price.
The HyperX Cloud II is a very sturdy and well made product. The sound is very clear when you take the time to set your sound preferences on the Playstation 4 settings menu. Once this is done and your levels are at an optimal level you can clearly hear which direction the action is happening with clear fluidity between the left and right monitors. Those on the other side of your headset will clearly be able to hear you as communication is very important if youre getting one of these. The build is metal and plastic but very strong from my experience. However, this headset has very strong clamp pressure which will be felt by those with larger heads for a painful result. My suggestion is keep the box and carefully stretch it overnight over the long side of the box for a few days as needed. Doing this should relieve some of the pressure. One star was deducted because of how tight these headphones are for those with larger heads, but it is fixable with time.
How could anyone dislike this amazing product? A must have for any gamer or audio, sound connoisseur.
This headset presents really great quality for the price. It is very comfortable even after many hours spent in use. The audio quality is also very crisp with the right amount of bass present in the audio. The ability to detach the microphone and the USB dongle for using the headset as a standard audio headset for other devices such as mobile devices is a really well thought touch that makes this headset useful for anything you need.
Well worth the money. I previously used Astro A40s as my main headset but they began to wear out so I thought Id get a new pair. I went with HyperX after being an avid CSGO player and seeing there advertising at majors, etc. Boy am I glad I went with them. Pros: Noise canceling Clear crisp mic quality Mute and volume control buttons Mic volume control 7.1 surround Very comfortable Cons: My only "con" is a personal preference, you cant move the mic away from your face all that much (like the A40s). This isnt much of a con and more of a personal preference.
Amazing sound and microphone quality. Also a very comfortable headset.
Most comfortable and easy to use, while being the best sounding over chat I am told.  I highly recommend these for all your gaming headset needs!
I love these headphones they are amazing in every area I like them so much I got my brother to buy a pair and Ill be getting mine around my birthday
Great sound, feels great on my head and the mic is one of the best Ive had on a mid-price-range headset to date. Definitely a worthwhile buy.
Extremely comfortable, sound quality is good, mic works well.  Just plug in and use, easy to get working.  Had no problems with Windows 10 (unlike another headset I had).  Love having the remote.  Well made, feels solid.  I would def buy this item again!
Awesome sound quality!
I will break this down into pros and cons. Pros: Clear and crisp sound Inline controller with sound/mic/7.1 stereo is big and lit up Memory foam ear cups with large opening for your ears The headset is really lite and is really well balanced The mic is removable with a rubber grommet dust guard You can remove the inline amp and use the standard headphone/mic jack Airplane headset adapter included Cons: No mute on the inline controller Built in amp is lackluster Lacks low-end/bass
Great audio,sensitive mic, very comfortable
Ive gone through Sony headphones, Corsair, Razer, Turtle Beach, even Sennheisers. Nothing is as good as this. Easily the most comfortable pair of headphones Ive ever worn in my entire life. They kill noise like nobodys business. It comes with a second pair of ear cups incase you dont like the vinyl(what material is it?) ones that come on it and want a soft fuzzy fabric. Ear cups are very flexible and the frame is some sort of very strong metal that it swivels on so it always contours to your head shape. They go over the entire ear, not "over-the-ear" where it sits ontop of your ear and painfully presses it into your head. Cord is typical braided cord, nothing special. If youve tried the Razer Krakens, youll know that if you so much as brushed against the cord, the noise it made was loud as ****. No such problem with these headphones. Speaking of the cord, it has a little box on it that lets you adjust the microphone and speaker volume without affecting the computers volume settings itself. It even has a button to toggle audio 7.1 which can sound nice sometimes and odd others. Very nice for streaming though. Microphone is detachable, surprisingly sturdy and very adjustable. People told me it sounded much crisper and cleaner, much less background noise than my old Corsair headset. Hell, it even came with a little bag you can transport it in. Im thoroughly surprised. I dont like to try new things. I was fully prepared to go ahead and buy a second pair of Corsair 1500s but I got this on a whim and Im very very happy. TLDR: Hella comfortable, sturdy, sounds fantastic and mic is great.
honest 6/5 product. Hyper X goes above and beyond when it comes to gaming headphones. will be purchasing for family and friends.
This is by far the most comfortable and clear headset ive ever owned for the PS4. The only downside is that it isnt wireless, but its so comfortable that I just dont care!
Excellent sound.
Ive bought 3 of these through amazon and ordered them new and everytime there is a bend in the cable that breaks the cable somewhere down the line to the usb connection to the computer with the wires sticking out because someone wraps it so tight it breaks... Not enough care taken in the packaging. I have purchased 3 of these over the years and had to return them eventually each time with warranty because the cable becomes so exposed Im afraid of them giving out at any moment :(... Having to safety wrap them in electrical tape each time.
Works well and looks nice. It came in a great package and included nice accessories.
Needed a 2nd set they are so good.
Great product. Sound quality is awesome thanks to the dedicated sound card. However, it is not that comfortable as many reviews have raised it. I can still feel the tension on my neck after a few hours using it. Again, great buy, just not that comfy.
This is a very good headset, although its also the only one Ive ever owned so I cant really make a good comparison.  The only reason Im giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I was hoping the 7.1 virtual surround sound would give me an edge in fps gaming.  I found that gaming is actually better with the surround sound turned off, so that was disappointing and not worth the extra money.  The surround sound is great for watching a movie but for gaming it makes it harder to tell which direction the enemy is approaching from since it pushes a small amount of the sound meant for one ear to both ears.  As far as comfort, its fantastic.  I can game for hours and hours on end without the slightest bit of discomfort.  The infinitely adjustable mic position is great too.  I like having inline volume controls for both the speakers and mic although once I accidentally turned my mic volume all the way down and with no indication of actual volume levels I thought my mic had stopped working because nobody could hear me.  Imagine how dumb I felt after troubleshooting it for two days only to find out I needed to press the + button. lol  It would be nice to have an indication of actual volume levels for both the speakers and mic, otherwise its great.
Has been working very well. Easy to set up.
Great set of earphones and a decent mic.
The volume is aweosme and the headset itself is safe. One thing I love about the headset is it does not require any software to use. I believe headset should not require a software to actually be good. The sound is really good.and Ive love the fact that you can toggle 7.1 from the control panel. One cool feature that Ive never had with a headset is it give you the optiion to lower your own mic volume.
Bought the first one when I was younger didn’t work that well because I used it all the time. After the first headset broke I bought another years later and I can say that it is an amazing headset. The only downside is that the earpieces that come in the box to replace it are annoying to put on
I am using this currently for listening to music and gaming professionally on my ps4 and the lows are bassy, highs are clear, mids are vivid. I love this headset so much and love the look so much that I am proud enough to wear this in public. I wouldnt call this a budget headset due to it being more than 100$ and sounds way better than any headset lower like the August ep650s
These headphones have great sound.  I use them mainly while playing CSGO, but they are also great for watching movies and listening to music since the microphone is detachable.  They have surprisingly good sound isolation that makes them great for traveling.
Well made, sturdy.  Very comfortable, sound great.
Love these and the customer support dont mess around with fixing problems. ( Dongle was defective. )
Its very comfortable to wear for those long gaming sessions on my PS4. I havent tried plugging it directly into the PS4 with the audio control box though. Plugged into the controller directly, it works just fine and the sound effects from Call of Duty are crystal clear. The only downside is that Im not able to adjust the volume level of the mic on the fly unless I go into the PS4 settings. However, the mic boom is easily adjustable and serves as a de facto way of lowering the volume if your friends think its too loud.
Sound: A Mic: A+ Style: A++ Packaging: A++ This product gave me an unboxing experience which is very uncommon. Comfort: B+ It only a bit heavy but nothinng unbearable. I definitely recomend these!
Awesome headset
Seriously I was born deaf and it used to be tough for me with headset and earphones. Especially having hearing aid and choclear implant.  This is the loudest headset I ever had. Awesome!
Im impressed with the look, feel, and sound of this headset.  I did my research and knew that this one was highly rated.  Im a PC gamer but never really paid much attention to audio until now.  I had been using either external PC speakers or 20$ stereo headphones before this.  Now I know what I had been missing.  Games seem more immersive and my K/D is going up in FPS games! Would have been nice to have equalizer functionality but its also a plus that no software is needed to use these.  Firmware update was a breeze to download and apply. Setup was dead simple on my windows 10 desktop PC.  I know there are more expensive headsets out there but I think Ill be happy with these for a long time.
Often have to unplug then plug back in when using with iPhone or they wont work. Also the cable seems to be sensitive (i.e. dont bend it too much if you can avoid it). Other than that these are a great set of versatile headphones.
Absolutely love this headset! My review might be a little objective since this is my very first "gaming headset". To be fair Ive been playing online games for about 8yrs (mostly wow back then) and have been using voice chats for just as long too. The clarity of my mic is wonderful and being able to adjust my mic volume by using the usb plug in to group members its a total plus! They are also very comfortable on your head for those long gaming sessions!!! I was very cautious about the price point though, but decided to go with my gut and Im glad I did!
One word amazing. Sound quality is perfect for the money this is the head set you want
I have owned these for a few months now and I have to say that the quality and versatility is amazing. I use them primarily for my Xbox One, and though that means the usb cable with sound card is not connected Im still very impressed with the sound. It falls a little too flat for my liking but still extremely useful for competitive gaming (like R6: Siege), and is something to be expected when youre not using the sound card. My only real negative here is the lack of any bass I have the sound card cable plugged into my computer, and whenever I want to switch I just unplug it from my controller downstairs and into the cable. If I want to plug it into my iPhone I can do that, and the mic works for calls, too. The packaging is luxurious. It comes with an amazing mesh bag for travel, as well as an airplane adapter, though I dont see that being useful too often. Overall if youre not an audiophile but you still care about quality for competitive gaming or any other purpose, this is a fantastic set of headphones.
When i got this i was so excited only to unbox a headset where the ear muff was hanging off and being held by nothing but the wire it appears as if it fell off the metal frame i tried to put it back into the frame but no luck, The quality of the mic however is quite nice and the sound is great aswell.
Dont hesitate or shop around. These are by far the best bang for your buck.
The sound quality is very good and the cable is long enough for you to sit back on your chair without worrying about the length of the cable. The only reason I gave this 4 start is because after an hour or so of using this product, your ear would sweat, which might be annoying to some degree.
These are by far the most comfortable headsets I know, and Ive tried a few that are MUCH more expensive(luckily only tried, not bought). Theyre like putting clouds on your ears. Still have my Razer Kraken Pro headset, but when I put them on they feel hard and cheap compared to the Cloud II. So I gave them to my sister, who still sometimes steal my Clouds when Im not looking. Sound quality is awesome and mic picks up clearly. Can wear them for hours before my ears and head get tired. The 7.1 setting is quite good - can hear where guys are running or action is happening on BF4 and so on. Quite precise. Compared to Synapse Surround though, its a tad behind, but still excellent if you turn on in-game Surround in games. Love the level of bass and mid as well. Very balanced. So happy with this headset. Would buy it again even if I can afford something more expensive.
Never heard of HyperX, but after using the headphones I really like this product.  Ive now ordered five of these headsets for multiple applications. 1. Super clear sounding. 2. No back ground / shadow noise. 3. Metal, they are metal and no plastic to worry about breaking.  (Im looking at you Turtle Beach) 4. Very comfortable and have two types of ear covers.  If you have sweaty ears, change to the other ones and youll be a happy camper.
This is the 2nd i have bought.  The sound is really great . Easy on the ears all the time . Due to its bigger hardly touch the ear . No cons i knew of
Amazing sound quality. Very comfortable.
Seriously love these head phones. Definitely helps me when I use it for gaming or chatting on discord and Skype. Buddies online told me that I sound a lot more clear now with these head set. They are quite comfy, and come with two sets of leather or soft like fabric. Its a great investment and you wont regret.
The quality of the box that these bad boys came in blew me away. The headphones themselves are so well constructed. Once my current pair stop working, Ill definitely be buying from the HyperX line again.
ive had these about 2hours now and wow, if you are a gamer and you want to upgrade these are the headphones for you. ive had lurtle broke headset for over 2 years, and they finally gave out. im surprised they lasted as long as they did. They were crappy sound qaulity. my cloud 2s, night and day,  1st off they come in an epic box, they come with their own storage back, extra muffs. They have a sound controller that clips on your shirt, has the mic and sound control built in. have razer keybroad and with the cloud2 when i dial up the sound it links the 2, so i have speakers and headset thru my keyboard, the card for the headphones will control the output to the speakers as well so i wont have one louder than the other they are both balanced. worth the buy. trust me when i say that you will not be disappointed.
Bought this for my fiancee and hes loving it.
Pretty awesome set of headphones. The built in sound card really helps out alot going between MAC and PC. The detachable microphone is always pretty cool if you want to use the headset in public as standard headphones and not look like a total nerd. Sound quality is on point. The 7.1 virtual surround beats the previous logitech wireless headset I owned. I highly recommend these are your goto wired headset solution for a budget.
I love em, very comfortable and the sound is great for gaming. Im playing Dota 2 and CSGO and I can hear every spell clearly which makes a huge difference in dota and in CSGO you can clearly hear footsteps at a good distance. 10/10 Would recommend.
I purchased this headset as a means of making video tutorials on my YouTube channel and I was completely satisfied with everything that went into this headset. When I put it on, it felt extremely comfortable around my ears and the material feels natural in terms of long recording sessions. I love the ability to detach the mic if I wanted to use the headset purely for listening to music. I also love the in-line controls as it becomes very useful when I need to adjust the mic and sound volumes. It is worth every penny! There are many other gaming headsets that Im sure are better than this but for the price I paid for it, It fits my needs and it serves a purpose in every aspect. If you make videos and tutorials for social media, I would highly recommend this headset.
I recently had to replace my last headset for my PS4. My typical gameplay on this console is either solo [Fallout, Elder Scolls, Far Cry, etc] or co-op/PVP with friends [COD, Borderlands, etc]. This review relates solely to use with the PS4. Major Strength: The sound quality is excellent. I tried the headphone jack plugged into the controller and the USB connection to the console. Both were good but in my opinion the USB to console was better. Plus it doesn’t drain the power on the controller this way. The ear pieces also do a nice job of keeping out ambient noise. Major Strength: They are very comfortable to wear. I am finding the ear pieces very soft, not too much pressure, and no problems wearing the headset with glasses on. I also greatly appreciate the solid construction. Especially consider the problems I had with my last headset. Minor Strength: They look cool. [At least I think so.] Minor Strength: The microphone works fine and can be bent to a comfortable position. Also detachable when not in use. Minor Weakness: Corded. While I appreciate not having to worry about the batteries running out there is one more cord I have to worry about. Minor Weakness: After an hour of gameplay, they can get a little warm to wear. I don’t really notice it until I take them off. Major Weakness: I was specifically looking for a headset that offered individual game and chat/party volume controls. The good news is that this headset has them. The bad news is they don’t work with the PS4. This means I have to tinker with volumes using the console rather simply adjusting them manually. This is absolutely my biggest disappointment with these headphones. Overall I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend to fellow PS4 users.
I absolutely love the headset and the microphone. My only concern was that on the first day of getting the headset the speakers are fuzzy and make a horrendous crackling sound at the more full parts of songs and when others are talking. I have tried everything possible to get these headsets to work to my liking. I have tried contacting support but with how long it takes between responses I dont see this going anywhere. I am also concerned about returning to just get another headset that is just the same. I may just live with this. :/
Bought for my boyfriend. He uses this for first person shooters, flight games, skyrim, and battlefront - satisfied with quality, comfort on the ears, loves the removable microphone. The length of the wire is sufficient since he sits farther away from his tower for his 55" monitor. Sounds played on the higher volume settings doesnt leak from the earphones so I can sleep and he can game. Would most definitely repurchase this product.
I originally had purchased the Razer Krakens, as Ive owned previous pairs of Razers headphones.  They did not fit my ears right so I decided to take a friends suggestion and try theses out.  These fit 100% better than the Krakens and I would consider myself to have normal sized ears.  They arrived in a nice package containing adapters, 7.1 usb dongle, and a nice little bag for them.  Couldnt be happier with my purchase.
My son purchased this product to replace an older pair. He says the noise canceling is awesome. The microphone sounds great and you can take it off. The headpiece is comfortable and a great high quality piece.
I am absolutely impressed by the price and value of this headset. The design is simple and elegant, and the sound quality exceeds my expectation. If you are looking for a high-quality headset of similar price, this is definitely a great choice! Its also worth mentioning that the package is beautifully designed - it was a lovely surprise from the moment I opened the box!
Love this headset! So much better than the many turtle beach headsets I went through both in terms of sound quality and comfort on my ears. Mic quality has also been great, which was my biggest complaint with turtle beach headsets. I use it for gaming on my Xbox one console; it plugs right into the controller. Highly recommend these!
I recommend this to any gamer, this is amazing..
Good Product !
Bought for my sons friend and he says theyre great.
Great headset! The sound quality is very good. The only complaint I have about these headphones is a popping sound that I hear every once in a while. It happens so infrequently that it is not much of an issue though.
Fantastic sound and clear voice with mic. Used on the Xbox one W/ the stereo adapter
Amazing headset, the box it came in was really cool and nice. shipment was fast. no complaints at all.
Excellent sound quality.  Blocks out all outside noise and they are built like a tank.
I bought the HyperX Cloud II headset because my old headset had broken. Let me tell you: this headset is a keeper. Every part of the headset seems to be of excellent quality. The over-ear headphone cushions are soft and comfortable and I can wear them for hours without any discomfort. The quality of sound, especially music, is exemplary. That said, I never even go above 25% of the maximum volume because the speakers such a high ceiling for volume (in part due to the external noise canceling). The only things I have found to be less than ideal are the excessive length of the cord and how quiet the microphone can be. Personally, neither issue is of paramount importance. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great quality headset at a relatively low price.
It is pretty good. A little lacking in quality.
I love this headset so much. The 7.1 doesnt work for PS4, but does for PC. Just be aware of that.
very impressed, definitely an upgrade from my wireless headset which only lasted a year. Never realized how heavy previous headset was or how bad the sound quality was until i bought this one (screw wireless).
Very durable and sturdy. Very nice packaging. Even though it is not active noise cancelling, even at low volumes, you cannot hear anything or anyone. Perfect for movies.
i like the headset itself, it feels amazing but a lot of other buyers including myself are having a popping/crackling noise randomly in the left cup and is very annoying EDIT: 4/5/18 Product is having wiring issues from the base of the headphone itself because the audio control unit on the wire is so heavy over time destroys the unit itself. In the Newer model Hyper x Cloud Alpha has clearly handled this issues. My headset is unusable now within the 2 year warranty Kingston provides this product. This is my Second replacement and wish I could get the Alpha since this is an ongoing issue with this model.
Never had a problem, and I love the removable mic
The reviews are pretty spot on, very happy with this headphone.
Great value, great product
Great headphones,exactly as adverised.  Packaged extremely well.  Amazon delivered as promised.
Pros: super comfy good audio good price Cons: Cord gets tangled very easy 7.1 sound feels pretty useless even in fps video games Summary: very comfy headphones with good sound just dont expect anything from the 7.1 sound and watch the cable! Would recommend to a friend
My son absolutely loves these! Great sound and overall quality. Its amazing the difference a nice headset makes.
Had some problems setting up the mic, turned out that the dongle was defective. The wire was also having a little connection problem running out of the headset (hearing static if it would move). Kingston tech support was pretty helpful and I got a replacement through amazon within 2 days. The 2nd pair of headphone is working like a charm.
Honestly, they sound better than what I expected. I used them for online classes. Also use with my ps4.
Having owned previous turtle beach headsets, I can now say that there ARE better headsets than turtle beaches. This is the most comfortable heaset Ive ever felt and its also great that HyperX added different textured ear cups  (Leather and velvet) to add to this level of comfort. This headset also has a great mic, awesome audio, and is overall a 10/10. Perfect for the price. Would recommend.
Having been put off by Turtle Beach quality and customer service I gave these a try based on reviews I had read.  The reviews were spot on.  This product delivers a better sounding and more comfortable experience at a fraction of the cost.  I would definitely buy again.
These work great. Cancels out almost all outside noise.
i like it, but its not elite.
Great headphones that touches every point I could ask for. Comfortable (Extremely!!) and has two different ear muffs, great sound and bass for the price, Surround 7.1 for them footsteps, good headset mic (though it may look a bit cheap, could buy a replacement tip), and good build quality. Not sure how this compares to the cloud revolver, that one could be a step up for 30 bucks extra.
For the price there is nothing better. The quality you get from this rivals much more expensive headsets.
The virtual surround quality is mediocre.
Just flat out great
VERY comfortable. Sound is good.
Love it! perfect for me, however I am not a music guy. only used for Gaming and YouTube.
Comfortable and fits perfectly.
Light, great sound quality for a gaming headset and the mic is pretty good as well. People expect audiophile quality on both the headphone and microphone portion but that would drive the price up like crazy. The headset is very light and very comfortable with both the pleather and the suede/cloth earcups on. The only downside I can think of would be it takes a little practice to change the pleather out with the suede/cloth cups, but once you get it down you can swap them out fairly easily.
clear and accurate. Nice for fps games
Would buy again
I have gone through too many high end headsets. These have an incredible build quality to them and are incredibly comfortable. 7.1 surround is a lot of fun and feels accurate. Have owned for over a year and they have no sign of wear, unlike the steelseries and razor headsets I have bought at this price-point that broke or wore down at this point.  Microphone is a bit quiet and I had to max out the volume in all my voip programs to get it to a decent level.
Okay so youre probably went through 3 or 4 different headsets like I have. I tried using regular headphones to Turtle Beaches to many other brands. I am an AVID gamer. I love playing video games and I want to step it up anyway I can. Let me tell you if you want the best headphones for the price, THIS IS SOMETHING YOU SHOULD GET. I have accidentally dropped these more times than I wish I hadnt and not even a scratch (granted it fell on carpet or my chair but still). The sound quality is amazing: you wont hear anything outside your headphones and all the sound youll hear is top notch. I dont know if its just for me, but they are VERY loud. I can only set them at around 20-30. Anything higher than that and I will rupture my eardrums. The microphone is top-notch, it sounds amazing and its detachable. Overall, I highly recommend this headset. Best headset I had bought in years.
I have to say this is my favorite headset so far. The mic dock went out on it after 2 months and without hesitaion the gentleman I spoke to happily helped me get a replacement so I could use my headset again. My favorite part of this is the noise-canceling mic. My husband and I are both gamers so being able to have a mic the stifles out the background noise is a big plus for me.
AWESOME
I brought these headphones a year ago and they already broke. I thought it was a hardware issue but the headphones arent connecting to my computer anymore. It just stopped working while I was in the middle of a game. When I unplug the and replug the USB cord, I get the same message "USB has malfunctioned". I tried doing everything from uninstalling drivers to restarting my PC. Nothing is working. Thats the only issue I have with these headphones, other than that, they are perfect.
Great headphones, really comfortable and great sound.
Purchased these headsets for my internet classes because earbuds are painful as heck after an hour.  Already burnt in these headsets with three 2-day classes and theyre comfortable and lightweight.
we purchased this for our 13yr old grandson for his birthday and he said it is the "BEST" headset he has ever had!!
Fantastic would highly recommend for both computer and Xbox one after my $60 Xbox brand headset broke i was looking for a nice headset and for around 100 it is perfect
Compared to my  $130.00 headset which lasted 3 months before the plastic piece holding one side broke (extremely poor customer service on Logitech-after being loyal for over 20 years). This set is metal and doesnt appear to have the same problem as the Logitech G35 surround sound set. Both my kids have the HyperX Cloud II headset and love them. Both are gamers, but one competes in one of his games and has had his for over a year and a half and would order again if something happened to them. The sound quality is really good and the Mic is as good as an Ive used, plus they are comfortable to wear. I gave 5 stars due to price and quality.
This was a birthday present for my son who plays PS4. He recently switched from Xbox to PS4 and his Turtle Beach head set is not compatible with PS4. He says the HyperX are by far better than his old head set, and the comfort is not comparable at all. He also likes he can unattach the microphone and use his Blue Ball mic if he wishes or plug it in to his Iphone for a great listening experience.
Got mine from BestBuy, sorry Amazon, couldnt wait lol By far, this IS the BEST sounding "Gaming headset" available. You really cant beat the price and sound quality youll get from this. I have mine plugged into my Sound Blaster Z dedicated headphone amp, and it really makes these shine. I tried a lot of other brands of gaming headsets (razer, corsair, turtle beach to name a few) and they all went back untill I seen this one and said I would give it a shot.  Best purchase I could have made.
Super comfy and pretty much everything about this headset is great!
Very good pair of headphones for gaming. Little loud, but the sound quality is crisp and you can really hear from all directions, I love these headphones when playing Overwatch!
So I usually never write reviews, only because either Im lazy or because the product was like 8 bucks. But Im sitting here with this headset on, and I feel the need to write a review on this amazing headset. First, the sound quality is like WHOA. And with the surround sound its even better. I feel like Ive never heard any of my music properly before now! Next is the comfort quality. Now, I have a severe jaw issue (metal bolts in the joints, arthritis, etc.) so having any headset resting on my ears for more than, say, twenty minutes would bother me and Id have to take them off. Also, i just have larger than normal ears. So no headset ever felt comfortable. I ended up having to use earbuds. Well, this thing is so lightweight and the material on the padding is so great that ive been wearing this thing for over an hour now and absolutely ZERO discomfort. I havent needed to shift it around or anything. This was the deal breaker for me, the comfort, of whether or not it was going in the trash or become my long lost love. But its the most comfortable headset Ive worn, so lightweight, and the fact that the mic is detachable is great for when i wanna bring this out to listen to music on my phone. I have no cons for this headset, its just perfect in my opinion. If youre looking for a headset thats comfortable and has amazing sound quality, GET THIS HEADSET. RIGHT NOW!
Very durable, comfy for larger heads and sound is crisp
great headphones,  mic isnt all that useful.  desk mic works 10x better. Had some issues when using the in line soundcard into usb.  my mic would turn off if i was playing any sort of video.  Stopped happening when i plugged directly into my speakers. amazing sound.
I saw an ad for some HyperX headphones so I decided to check them out, since my Astro A40s just broke. These are 100 Dollars cheaper and have the same if not better audio quality, are 10x comfier, and are noise canceling! Buy these, best headset ive ever owned coming from a competitive gamer. Astro, Razer, and Turtle Beach are just about "Street Cred" Hyper X is actually about the AUDIO
It is a better version of the HyperX Cloud I Headset which is already good, but this one has 7.1 surround sound and attaches to my PC via USB. The only problem is figuring out how to get it to work with the Realtek HD Audio Manager program that I have on my computer. I will likely be able to get it to work somehow and this is still a great product.
Works great and not over priced like other gaming headsets
This is my first purchase in terms of pricey headsets and Ill say that with the Cloud II you get what you pay for. The sound quality is excellent, the headset is sturdy, and comfortable even if you are wearing glasses. One thing I will nit pick about is how the mic sounds, its not as good as I thought it would be but its not awful either. Also I like that the cloud II can go from a fully functional headset to listening headphones.
Had a Gamecom 780 for the past couple years, however once i put this headset on I instantly fell in love. Requires absolutely no software or any installations to run 7.1 surround sound, sounds incredible. Only issue is my ears came instantly and made a huge mess, so Id advise wearing ear-condoms before your first use.
Amazing headset. The sound is amazing and the 7.1 is amazing for competitve games (CSGO), FPS games and anything else. It really enhances your experience whilst gaming. It is very easy to remove the filter for the mic and the ear paddings for cleaning. The mic sound is amazing and the filter breaks and removes every "POP" sound (The sound it makes when you say words that start with the letter "P". Amazing headset
Most comfortable Headset I ever had. I use it for my xbox one and my pc. Its as if you are wearing nothing there so light.
Comfortable sounds great!
Love these headphones. Quality promised, quality delivered. The removable mike is a great feature. Now I can just take the mike off instead of having to waste my time schooling these noobs. There are two sets of covers for muffs; a leather(feeling) set that come attached, and a very soft silky set. I popped on the silky bad boys and never looked back. I use these headphones for hours every day. They only start to get uncomfortable after 5 or more hours, and lets face it, thats gonna start to hurt no matter what you have on your ears. In summation, I highly recommend this headset for casual to even hardcore gaming.
UPDATE: Ive had these since October 6th, 2016 and Ive only had to repair the dongle (re solder a wire) once. These are the best headsets out there. Dont let the price fool you. Quality is amazing! I asked the internet, and it didnt let me down. The 7.1 thingie, (forgive me, Im not a headphone guy) but, that 7.1 ability, makes the feeling of sound, feel like, its wrapped around you. With it turned off, it feels more directed to the ear canal. First headphones ive bought, and They are amazing!. Mic sounds great right out of the box, and the bridge (which is why I bought these) feels like a metal, which to me is important, cause plastic breaks to easy. BUT OVERALL ITS AMAZING!
Great sound
Great 7.1 sound, good sturdy build quality. Had an issue with the mic not working, but unplugging the usb connector and reconnecting solved the problem. Owned and used daily for over a year now and still works great.
The HyperX Cloud II headset is a really outstanding headset. Ive bought it twice now because of its reasonable price, quality design and magnificent audio. This headset will last and is just overall really great. Before you go spend $200 on a Turtle beach or Tritton headset try these out first. You wont regret it.
Awesome gaming headset.
My boy says he love them
Love, love, love this purchase. The sound proofing is phenomenal! My bf swears by these, in the top 10 gift purchases for sure.
fast shipping with good quality
My son is a big gamer...even built his own gaming computer. So, of course, he had to have a very specific set of headphones, and wanted these for his birthday. They look good, and work well. He seems very happy with them. We are hoping they hold up, as he uses them pretty much daily.
These sound amazing!!!! Way better than astros in my opinion! Gun Shots in Black ops 3 sound very nice and clear not just plain loud theyre nice headphones #TeamHyperXNow!
Excellent
Great headphones! Usually I pay $230.00 for the same quality headphones but this one is great quality and great price. The microphone is compressed a little but Im not using it to record anything.
Amazing sound quality for the price and surprisingly comfortable for long gaming sessions
Doesnt do surround sound on PS4, just stereo. Very disappointed in that, but the quality otherwise is very good.
Definitely worth it for the price! Its great quality for an affordable price. The headsets feature an in-game surround sound feature which is SUUPER helpful, and theyre so comfortable to wear!! It also comes with a set of spare velveteen ear cushions, and a couple other accessories including a padded bag to store it in when not in use! The packaging is also fantastic, and I havent had a single problem with it :)
Awesome headphones. Last gaming headphones I had was 7 yeahs ago. The people next door are so noisy so I wanted soundproof headphones. They are better then I expected. Good bass but not overwhelming. Definitely recommend this. I almost bought the Sony wireless headphones good thing I didnt.
I never leave reviews, but I felt with these it was worth giving these guys props.  Ive been using these for about a week now, and I really like them!  First impression, they are very nicely built, and come in Apple quality packaging. They feel expensive. The leather is super soft, and the ear cups are very comfortable to wear for hours.  Be aware that the headset wasnt completely plug and play on my pc, I did have to go into the audio settings and tell the computer to use it when I ran it through the usb portion of the wire with the audio and mic control. That took a bit to figure out, but if I had actually read the instructions, it wouldnt have been an issue.  I just hadnt really thought to read instructions for a pair of headphones, but do it! The only thing I dock these headphones for is sound quality. While they do have very nice, full sound, they arent quite on par with some other Hi-Fi headphones Ive tried. I suppose it might not be fair to compare a $90 headset to a $300 bose one though. At this price point, I think these are about as nice as youre going to find!
by far the best headset Ive used, incredibly comfortable
Well while i assembled my high end gaming machine, only thing left out was an headset. Since i have a Beatsaudio Studio wireless i couldnt use it with PC since the battery drains out and it need to recharge. Wanted to buy a affordable wired headset and after going through reviews ordered one. Trust me the sound quality is nearly as good as my beats studio. what pisses me off is Beats is so expensive. Hats off to the makers HyperX Cloud for releasing amazing product as very reasonable price.
Paired with a astro amp and sounds great. Very comfortable.  Comes with the extra cloth ear pads that can be used on one side so Im able to hear the door or phone. Using on ps4. Mike sounds great. Have Logitech g933 and I like this one better. This one is way more comfortable. Buying another for my son.pair with Astro Amp pro and get the best sound.
I did a lot of research to find a headset that I could use to keep in touch with my buddies during our gaming sessions after I transferred. Look no further than the Cloud II. It has both the options to connect with a USB and use its onboard sound driver, or connect with an audio jack to use your PCs. The cups are light and comfortable on my ears, and do a great job keeping out external sounds, much to the chagrin of my wife. The mic does a great job picking up my voice without picking up the noise in the rest of the room, and also disconnects if you want a session with just a great pair of headphones. The headset comes with a bag to store the extra set of cups and mic when not attached, or the whole rig if you need to take them with you. I like the styling and long cord that allows me plenty of freedom of movement but with the sound quality you just cant get with wireless sets, that makes in game explosions sound just as awesome as a beautiful piece of music. This is the headset I recommend 10/10 times whenever my friends start talking about upgrading.
Ive used the Razer Kraken pro, chroma 7.1 and blackshark. All of them broke in a year or 2 since Im constantly on the move but I still game. Ive had the HyperX Cloud II for over a year now and I cant find anything wrong. Its high quality, surround sound, cheap (for gaming headsets) and the only headset Ive recommended to my friends and family. After going through hundreds of dollars and crappy headsets, this one is the only one Ill replace, if my current pair ever breaks.
I can hear EVERYTHING.
Best gaming headset I have ever owned hands down. I should of bought this instead of wasting money on all those other ones.
They feel great, even after hours of gaming. The mesh carry bag is super handy. I wish they played a feedback loop of your voice through the cans like some turtle beachs do. Otherwise excellent product.
These is by far the best headset Ive bought yet, and Ive been through many. Great sound, durable construction, and a generously long cord made of quality, closely woven fiber material that discourages the "bends" that plague so many cheaper headsets.
This is the 3rd pair of headphones Ive ordered in the last couple of weeks. The first two had to be returned because after a short period of gaming (under one hour) my hear lobes would start to hurt, just because of the over-ear design. I couldnt understand how anyone could be ok with that for long periods of use. The HyperX Cloud II just arrived and all I can say is I think these might just be the most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn. Seriously. Just try them on and you will see. I always say that no matter how good the sound quality of a headset it, it means nothing if the device is not comfortable to wear. Well the good news is that these headphones sound absolutely amazing. I usually put my gaming headphone down and use my Bose headset for listening to music but these sound so good I havent taken them off all day. The 7.1 surround sound feature is a nice touch and I love the little control unit that sits on my desk, I can turn off the mic whenever I want to without fiddling with settings, flip the 7.1 on and off, main and mic volume controls, its just all very well designed. Lastly, the whole package is beautifully presented, from packaging, wiring and headset quality, its all done right.
It was just ok.
amazing headset
Very nice headset but the volume clip broke shortly  after I got it.
Ive never worn headphones for more than a few hours at a time until I made the decision to get these. THE BEST HEADSET EVER. I wear these for hours and hours and not once have my head or ears hurt/feel uncomfortable. Not only that, they sound pretty damn good and they block out external noises wonderfully. And the packaging was really on point, I was thoroughly impressed. The only downside is my android phone will not recognize them has headphones without the mic plugged into the set, even with the Soundabout app, so that was pretty disappointing. But other than that, this headset is definitely worth getting.
These are simple, comfy, lightweight, durable and put together very well. I love using these for racing games as the mic receives perfectly when interacting with Virtual Crew Chiefs or Team Engineers. You are able to hear very well in these. They have a crystal clear tone and are easy to adjust when using with a PC or PS4. The detachable mic is nice as well for when I am playing games that do not require a mic but I want to use the headset in-lieu of TV or surround sound. It comes in handy as well when my neighbors dogs wont shut up and I can hear them no matter how loud my stereo sounds is. The headphones make it easy to cancel out irresponsible neighbors and other random acts of jerk-ness. I wish the noise cancelling was more effective on these. It is honestly the only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars as the headset excels in all other categories in my opinion. I do find that to drown out exterior noise the volume in the headset reaches a somewhat uncomfortable volume for me. However that is not saying that it would be an uncomfortable volume for everyone especially since you may live in a place where your neighbors dont suck as hard as a few of mine do. All in all these are legit and were well worth the money. Should I need a new headset in the future I will look here first.
Very good Product
Great!
After 2 years with this headset I just thought Id randomly review it. Its great, Has a quality leather/metal feel to it. By far the best Headset Ive ever owned. Sound quality is great as well and the braided cable. It has served me well. If you are considering this headset, Buy it and never look back. Especially for under $100.
My son loves these.
Ive owned many pairs of headphones in the past years, by far these were the best ever. SUPER comfortable, decent mic for $100 headset, and its USB so you dont have to deal with extra junk on your PC. AMAZING sound quality, the 7.1 surround sound is awesome. Overall, these headphones served me well, and I would definitely say, these headphones are worth way more than just $100. Now the problem with these headphones is, I bought them last year for Christmas 2015, its Christmas 2016 now, and I they already stopped working. First, one side stopped working in early September, and the second stopped working right before Im writing this review (December 4th, 2016). The only reason I think I may have caused this is that in my opinion, the cord is way too long, Im always stepping on the volume mixer that is halfway down the cord. My only thought is maybe I finally stepped on it too hard, but even then why would one ear stop first? Im not 100% sure but I definitely recommend these headphones anyways! Another note: I bought the headphones directly from the HyperX website.
Perfect work and durable
Awesome and Very Comfortable
Very comfortable.  The stereo / 7.1 inline sound card sounds good.
Best pc headphone
This headset has great sound and comfort. I use them for conference calls with vendors, listening to music in the office, and blocking out kids on airplanes.
I have nothing negative to say.  I was tired of buying the poor quality cheap phones. Seems like these should last a while. I use them listening to streaming music on the desktop and on Skype calls.  Worth the price.
This headset is a $90 version of what $200 + headsets perform at. The surround sound is great on the PC, but doesnt work on the Xbox One (not like you would really want that anyway). You wont get a more comfortable headset at this price range. It is more comfortable than any set of turtle beaches I have owned in the past 8 years. When I bought this, I wanted to have a headset that could work on both the PC and Xbox One. I know that it says that you will need the adapter for the Xbox controller, but that actually isnt true. Most of the newer xbox one controllers have a 3.5 mm headphone jack. I just plugged it straight in and just like that it worked perfectly mic and all. To adjust the volume on the headset you will have to go to settings on the xbox one menu because they typically start out very quiet.
I am really enjoying this mic, surround sound works well and is helpful for gaming. The sound isnt perfect but still clear and it fits well and comfortably (I didnt notice they included fuzzy earmuffs with it when I bought it which was a nice surprise). All in all, not a bad buy.
Surprisingly comfortable and really good sound for the price point.
After my recent dealings with Kingston I had to go and leave a review somewhere. About a year and a half ago (June 2015) I bought myself a HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset on eBay. It quickly became my favourite headset to date (previously owned Logitech G430, Turtle Beach z60, Plantronics Gamecom 777 and 780[previous fave]). The audio quality was great, the mic quality was amazing, very good build quality, and the inline sound card was handy and easy to use. However about a month ago my USB sound card broke, it just stopped passing sound on to the headset which still worked when used in a 3.5 mm jack. But after only 3 hours and only 2 emails, let me repeat that ONLY 3 HOURS and 2 EMAILS to Kingston customer service and a replacement part was sent. No complicated forms, no long wait, friendly and understanding service agent. By far the BEST customer service experience I have ever had. I intend to recommend Kingston and the HyperX Cloud II headset to anyone I hear looking for a headset and suggest you do the same. The headset may not be the cheapest on the market, but its value for money is astronomically good. If I could review 6/5 I most certainly would.
Best headset i have ever worn just the drivers in the headset makes me have butterflies nothing like playing battlefield and hearing the footsteps behind you then to the right of you and getting murdered
Not as comfortable as my Plantronics gaming headset, but better sound with the 7.1 processor inline
This is a fantastic headset for its price. I can not stress enough how great the sound quality is, but take that with a grain of salt as I am not an audiophile in any way. The microphone, while not the best quality, is pretty damn nice, again considering how cheap the headset is. My only gripes with the product design is that while the microphone is detachable, a good portion of the cord is not. In addition, the 7.1 conversion with the USB sound card was not stellar. When there is no other sound, there is a low sound not dissimilar to a static-ish ocean. Aside from the chord not being perfect and the USB sound card not performing like a desktop card, I couldnt be happier. I do have to mention that only months after ordering my headset, it broke from light use. Some part of the wire in the cord disconnected or was not properly constructed, requiring me to get a replacement headset. THIS WAS NOT A PROBLEM as the Kingston support staff was amazing. They didnt ask questions and they didnt have me jump through any hoops. I sent in all parts of the headset i had on me, packed an invoice for proof of purchase and i got a brand new headset within 10 days. The new headset is still going strong with no problems.
After using this headset for over 6 months, everything else just doesnt feel right. Love em!
Good purchase
The leather on the headband feels like a lambs behind. Honestly - I cant stop touching it. Oh ya, and the audio is great too!
Fantastic audio and microphone quality compared to the other headsets of the same price, it would have lost 2 stars for its left ear cup breaking recently, but the RMA process went more than smoothly. HyperX put their budget to where it matters.
I purchased this headset for my son for Christmas.  He loves it.  The item came in a nice box, the microphone works well and the headphones are very clear.  There was an issue with the cord breaking (due to a pet) and Kingston replaced the headset very quickly as it was still under warranty. They had great customer service.  Would recommend and purchase again.
Love them! Fit great
great product for a cheaper price!
Of the many headsets available this one came up in many reviews on many sites that is was a best buy for features and price. Everything I read so far has been true and this headset is everything that was billed. The bad thing is you have to buy the adaptor to use it with the XBOX One.
Extremely comfortable, really better than my kraken pro, the surround is really good, and the sound card is better than my notebook card.
Amazing quality and build, 2 years going strong besides one part.. the mic, it completely died on me and picks up no audio. If somebody can direct me to where I can buy a spare I would seriously appreciate it, i have already tried Kingston website and hyper x main website but it redirects me to a page that cannot be loaded... somebody help me please! I gotta communicate while gaming.
If you absolutely need a headset with an attached microphone, this is one of the best gaming headsets I have ever used.  Mic quality is crystal clear.
These could possibly be the best headset Ive owned. They are very light, and ultra comfortable, I can easily spend hours upon hours in this headset. Both earcups have a great feel, I personally like the leather ones a little more as they have slightly more give and dont cause any unnecessary squeezing around the ears. To be honest I recently purchased a Corsair headset as well and it just doesnt hold up when compared side by side. The HyperX Cloud IIs have incredible sound, feel, weight, and a detachable mic, which is a huge plus.
Best headphones I have ever owned. The cord is extreemly high quality and the sound is amazing. Very nice to finally game with my friends and have them be able to hear me and I them.
Great sound quality
Bought these for my son to use with his PS4, he uses them everyday & said they have great sound.
Bought for the kids gaming. He loves it--comfortable for long periods, not a lot of sound leakage and great mic!
Great price for great specs. I was looking HARD for a headset to meet my Gaming needs but I did not want to spend over $100. There are many around this price mostly for show but then there are these headphones that meet all qualifications. They are great and I love them. You cannot hear a thing when you have these on and to adjust them is super easy. Also dont have to download any plug ins, just connect and go.
This is by far the best headset Ive had in the years of gaming Ive done. Ive had Tritons, Turte Beaches, Astros etc. The comfort is flawless, and there is simply no plastic parts. Comes with replaceable ear cups, I use the ones that come already inserted. Its easy to use, wireless except for the cord that connects the headset to the controller. Simply doesnt compare to anything else.
I cant say enough good things about these.  They have wonderful sound quality, had a very sturdy and quality feel to them and are holding up wonderfully.  The mic does a great job of only picking up voice, not wind or extraneous noise and the 7.1 is incredible for gaming.  I got two cheaper pairs that I ended up returning before getting these.  Buy once, cry once.  They are worth it.
A gift, but the recipient loves them, and he is a perfectionist when it comes to audio/video hardware.
Definitely amazing headset, loved the long cabel! Sits amazing on your head, with truly good surround sound. For 90$, the best gaming headset in my opinion. As well, the microphone is also really amazing, can only hear myself, without any background noises, loud and clear.
I like it very comfortable
Loved them
So comfortable and great!
High quality, very comfy, and plugs in with USB or audio jack.  Theres also a removable microphone of good quality.  For what I paid, its worth it.  Stop searching and just buy this.
Great sound, and the mic works extremely well.
Great headset.  Ive had it for a few months now and usually have it on for several hours a day.  I am finding it to be very comfortable and the mic and sound quality seem pretty good.
This gaming headset is the best Ive had to date. The sound is nice, the cord is long and durable, and its incredibly comfortable. I can wear these for hours on end and I dont feel them stressing my ears or head. I wish they were wireless, but its still fantastic.
This headset sounds amazing. Very cinematic sound. It is also extremely comfortable! This headset is just amazing for the price. I was very, very, impressed even compared to the Sennheiser G4ME Ones. The only issue is that it is closed so you get a slightly reduced sound stage while gaming, but that is to be expected with a closed back headset.
I was very pleased with how quick it shipped and it works great .
The headset mentions that it feels comfortable to wear, and it does. Everything feels nice and sturdy, the sound quality is very nice. However, its not perfect. Pros- * It comes with 2 sets of ear cups that are interchangable. One is a leather-like one, the other is a soft felt-like one. * The Mic can come out if you dont want it sticking out in front of you. * The corded cable is long, with a very interesting volume adjuster for both Mic and Headset, which has Mic Mute, and the 7.1 Surround Sound * You can use this headset with Mic through any device that allows the 3.5mm headphone jack. Cons- * The 7.1 Surround Sound is confusing. The directional sound coming out of each speaker is mimicked in the other speaker as well, which does indeed boost the sound quality, but if you are listening to anything that accurately uses directional sound, so you can hear that a sound came from the left, youd only hear it through the left earpiece, this distorts it so you hear it through both, disrupting the direction it came from. * While its nice that you can take the Mic out, if you dont want to deal with the Mic in your way, you kinda have to. Aside from just moving the boom out of the way, it doesnt have an upright position to sit in out of the way. * Despite having good sound quality, it doesnt have any multimedia functions, even as simple as play/pause or forward search/back search. * If you cannot use USB, you cannot use the surround sound function. If you cannot use the headphone jack, you cannot use this with any device that also cannot use USB. This headset does sound quality very well, but it doesnt try to do more than that. Its solidly built, it feels nice, it sounds nice, but most likely youll be leaving your surround sound off for games as that will totally mess you up.
I am a PC gamer and let me just say this was probably the best purchase Ive made this year. I was at first put off by the look of the headphones from the pictures as they looked kinda bland; that immediately went away when I noticed the stunning build quality of these phones. I bought these about 3 months ago and I waited to write a review about them to make sure I was out of the "honeymoon phase" but let me tell you Im still in love. PROS: -The MOST COMFORTABLE headphones Ive ever worn so far. -The sound is great, no complaints there, very clear decent bass and can achieve volumes I never end up needing. -The 7.1 Surround Sound is a nice little treat; nothing to write home about, but its about as good as you can get for surround sound for under $500. -The mic quality is very good, not perfect, but no one will complain about you being too quiet or unclear. -The build quality is amazing, these headphones were built to last and It shows. -The detachable mic I thought would be weird but its actually a very nice feature, especially for people that often eat at their computers like me. -The USB adapter really extends the cord, I can move around without feeling restrained at all and can comfortably wear them in my bed while I watch my computer screen; essential for anyone living in a dorm! CONS -Every other pair of headphones I wear now feel like a kids toy and are extremely uncomfortable in comparison, there are times when its honestly more comfortable to wear these headphones than to not wear them. ...Did I mention how comfortable they are?
Awesome. You can instantly tell why theyre called the, "HyperX Cloud II," because it feels like clouds around your ears. In other words, very comfortable. It also comes with a spare set of ear cups with a fluffier and lighter texture than the default leather ones. (I prefer the leather.) The mic quality is pretty decent and has nice noise cancelling. The mic is also detachable if you just need to listen to some music. The audio is great, but I dont have much to say about the included, "7.1 Surround Sound," because I havent put it to use yet. Overall, this product is the best in its price range and if youre on a budget looking for a gaming headset, this is the choice for you. Very happy with this product, would recommend it to anyone. Bonus: They arrived in 2 days, which is awesome. Ordered 11/25/16, (Black Friday) Arrived 11/27/16.
Firstly, they are amazing (IMO). I never had a good pair of headsets, so my review might not be as valuable compared to someone who has. But I have owned many cheapy headsets. Now, the head DOES work with PS4. In fact, there is a detach option on the adapter that is a 3 mm headphone jack, which allows you to connect it to the PS4 controller. However, if youd like to use the full feature (7.1 Surround) you need to connect it via USB. In essence, connect the USB to your PS4 and youll be able to use that feature. There are some things lost though because this headset  is technically meant for PC. The control for volume is lost. So, youd have to control it manually through the PS4, which is not an inconvenience really. I play BF1, BF4, Madden and do forth.... This headset is just amazing. That surround sound feature is so cool. Anyways, I totally recommend the headset. I was always so against buying expensive headsets but this showed me how much I was missing from my gaming experience.
Headphones sound great. I play some music and they sound good but mostly gaming with them. Ive had some Turtle Beach and some Steelseries, these are hands down better sound. Easy and effective controls, very comfortable. I have used both ear cups, the fabric ones are very comfortable for long sessions. The leather like ones block out a lot of exterior noises and are still comfortable.
Best!!
Sounds were very clear crisp. Felt very durable but I ended up having to return these because they were way too tight for me around the head. Gave me a headache after two hours of gaming. Going back to my very old sennheiser hd 419 Web cam mic combo.
Best headset I have ever owned!!!
Finicky with windows 10, and works well with Discord. Great audio clarity. 7.1 surround sound is great if your watching movies/shows, but not when gaming in my opinion. Definitely recommend for those who dont have the budget for Astros, and yet want something better than the Logitech gaming headsets. The mic pick up is crazy, and does have a constant hum if you like to hear yourself talk so your not shouting in the middle of the night. The one star that was taken off was because of this hum (it is only when you enable the feature to hear yourself) Great portability, really great durability. REALLY REALLY REALLY comfortable.
Comfortable, sleek, good built. My last turtle beaches broke because the head frame was plastic. Glad I went with this metal one.
Bought this as a gift but I couldnt help but to test it out against my sennheiser pc 363d. I think ultimately it is perfect as far as gaming is concerned which is why Im giving it 5 stars. It also has some features I wish I had on my headset (removable mic, no adapter for phone, easy adjustment, sound isolation). But based solely on audio quality I would give it a 4, the mic is great but does not pick up the full range so while your voice will be clear it will sound a little different. The drivers can play a full range but the higher frequencies arent as strong as the lower ones. But this is a gaming headset. As far as that goes, unless you get a dud, I cant imagine how this could be a disappointment.
These are wonderfully comfortable headphones. Ive got a big head and big ears to go with it, and these headphones dont pinch my head or crush my ears, even when Ive been wearing them for hours. This was the primary reason I picked this one up, because so many others just arent comfortable for more than about fifteen minutes. Its difficult for me to compare them to others because of the above reasons, but the sound seems to be excellent, and the microphone is good enough for gaming as well as conversations, though I dont think its up to streaming or recording for videos where youll be doing a lot of talking. The 7.1 audio feature makes it a bit louder and some of the sounds from one speaker can be heard on both when I compare the same sound with it on and of, but it doesnt feel as precise - probably because its only simulated 7.1. The aluminum frame and the braided cables dont get twisted or tangled easily, so this set should last a very long time.
These are incredible headphones, but my head and ears were too large for these. I went with the Hyper Revolvers. Those sound just as good or better, and they fit my huge head. :) I recommend these to friends with smaller heads.
Comfortable, I can wear them for long periods without getting headaches. Still has a super long cord, I dont understand why this is with the newer headphones, but cord unwind I would have to change volume with my monkey toes. Sound is great. Not as sound proof as I was hoping, but not bad either.
Ive had them for a couple months now, great sound, build seems solid. No complaints.
Excellent headset for the price.Would give 5 stars except for the fact that the connector port cover for the microphone could be easily lost. Design could easily incorporate a semi soft nylon cover that snaps in place and folds back out of the way for microphone connection.
Great headset for the price.  The are comfortable and the mic is clear.  The audio quality is great for the price range.  You can beat these for under 100 bucks
THIS IS THE MOST COMFORTABLE AND USEFUL HEADSET IVE EVER HAD!
These are the most comfortable headphones that Ive ever owned. I wore them for a solid 8 hours today without any irritation or discomfort. The sound quality is great with solid Bass, Treble, and Mid levels without the overpowering Bass that many headsets have. Plus, the 7.1 Surround Sound takes gaming and movies to the next level.
Great gaming headset for the money....
I am a bit of a sound snob.  Im very particular on 2 aspects of a device like this: comfort and sound.  This product nails it in both regards.  I am very impressed with these headphones, and would easily buy them again.  Ive only had them about a week so I can not testify to their longevity yet, but they seem very sturdy.  When considering the price point these headphones have, I am extremely satisfied.  Well done, indeed.
excellent , very nice, my son loved
solid product
Great pair of headphones. Can switch between fabric and pleather ear cups and both feel nice. Sound is a bit quieter than i hoped using the USB adapter, but 3.5mm jack can get plenty loud if you have good software.
I originally tried the original hyperx cloud headset because of its rave reviews, but i couldnt get the sound to sound good at all.  My guess is that those require a decent sound card and my onboard sound card is crap. I bought these and they are absolutely amazing.  the external sound card and USB make it worth it.  The sound is crisp and they can get LOUD.  I was previously using a set of logitech g430s and those were solid.  I replaced it with these and am extremely satisfied.
I love that these headphones fit so nicely around the ear. it comes with the the cloth and the "normal" headphones ear cups and both are awesome. The sound quality has been superb and works really well for FPS games (I mainly play CS 1.6/GO). The cord is pretty long, too long if youre only using it at your desk and end up running it over a bunch with my chair.  The detachable mic I was worried about at first but has literally not had any issues after using it for more than a year and detaching dozens of times.
Over all good build quality.  They have a strong squeeze when new but mine have seemed to stretch some. Sound quality is ok if using the supplied USB sound card.  I just got a Y splitter and now use the sound card on my motherboard.  Sound quality is leaps and bounds better.  I recommend doing this if you dont need to separate auto devices for recording.
Perfect for my gaming needs
great sound.  I did return these to go with an open back set, but no complaints whatsoever.  Very well made and well worth the asking price.
This is probably one of the best headsets Ive owned, save for a pair of $450 Sennhauers. Its well packaged, the box is foam-lined with plenty of padding, and it includes a cloth storage back as well as numerous adapters. Theres a built-in DAC on the USB control dongle, and all cables are wrapped in braided cable (which is good, because Ive run over my headphone cables with a rolling chair occasionally). The earpads are snug, and spare earpads with a velvety surface are also included if you prefer those. The audio wuality is excellent from both the mic and headset, and its very adjustable. I think my only complaint is that the front-panel USB on my system sometimes doesnt pick up that an alternate audio device was plugged in, resulting in having to do a re-boot to re-route audio to the headset. This is probably system-specific to the audio software thats bundled with the mobo (it has done odd things with other audio devices, and is generally annoying). Overall, this set is an actual audiophile headset, whereas the speaker drivers for most "gaming headsets" are cheap trash. This replaced a very popular "gaming headset" - and the quality of audio is EXTREMELY noticeable. I expect to be using these for another several years, the build quality is just THAT good.
These headsets are great. They are comfortable and sound amazing. The noise cancellation is superb and wonderful. I do have one problem though, and that is that i hear a crackling sound and then my audio cuts off. Im not sure if its because ive had them for a while or if its the soundcard that the headset uses. I would like for this to be resolved. Otherwise this headset is great.
Great Headsets!
Would be 5stars but cant hear yourself when on xbox one.
Great sound and microphone. A little heavy (because its quality material) and It squeezes my head too tightso I had to put a zip to across the top to stop it from flexing all the way closed. Also. The 7.1 doesnt seem to help with player positioning. I find that its easier to do in 2.0
10/10 Only gaming headset ill ever buy
The bes headset ever.. I had the Sony ones and the tritton one.. This is the best ever... Noise cancelling so i dont hear a thing, im sooooo into the game... I tried the hyperx cloud the first one love them, then i made the updated.. Totally recommended to a friend or a hardcore gamer..
this is the best
Great headset, great price. Mine broke however for no reason shortly after a year for no reason. Worked before I went to work but kept coming up as a USB malfunction when I got home
Ive heard nothing but good things about the quality to price of this headset. Ive only had it for about 2 days now and it has been stellar. The sound quality blows my last gaming headset out of the water. I recently built a new computer and the motherboard I purchased a motherboard with lower quality built-in audio, but with the help of the sound card it comes with it has made that problem completely disappear. I cant recommend this headset enough.
Very high quality product and packaging! Ive only had them for a short time, but I think they are a great product.  The 7.1 setting makes them sound much deeper and like they have more bass or something - not sure why you would use them with out that setting. Two things that I dont love they are kind of large compared to other head sets ive tried and they get hot.  I guess they dont vent very well? I got them on Amazon when they were on sale for $64.99.  Definitely worth that price. I have some Bose TP-1As that were around $100 about 4 years ago and I would say these are better sounding than the Boses but a little less comfortable. I also like how the mic is removable
I just got them but so far I am very pleased with them.
*Update - So after screwing around with these on my PC using the included USB dongle with the volume, mic and 7.1 surround controls, I find the sound fidelity to be more on par with my initial expectations. I also didnt experience the muted volume issue that I did when using the headset with my XB1. In light of this, I upped my rating from 3 to 4 stars.* First off, I purchased this headset to use almost exclusively with my Xbox One. Second, and most important, I chose this headset because of its glowing reviews here on Amazon and on a handful of gaming websites. That said, I was expecting these to really impress me and to also be a big improvement over the earbuds in which I was previously using. What I found, however, is sort of a mixed bag. My first impressions after the initial unboxing is that these looked and felt like a solid, comfortable headset. After some extended use for gaming on my XB1, I can confirm that they feel great, but I wasnt blown away with the sound quality like I had hoped to be. The sound is decent, but I was expecting a bit more for a highly praised, $100+ headset. Im no audiophile, but I find the sound quality to be only slightly better than the free set of earbuds I received when I purchased my Dell XPS laptop years ago. Also, the volume is more muted than the earbuds at the same master volume level on my XB1. Im not at all hard of hearing, but I had to max out the system volume while gaming with these. Because these issues, at least while using them with the XB1, I had to knock off a couple of stars. I would say to anyone thinking of buying the HyperX Cloud II headset, hold out until theyre discounted. They are not really worth the $100 normal asking price. I ended up snagging them at $64, which is the lowest Ive ever seen them go, but they go down to $75-$80 every so often. If you dont want to wait for them to be discounted again or $75+ is more than you want to spend, Im sure you can find a different headset with equal or even better sound quality for less money. Pros: -Quality materials -Comfortable -Decent sound -Good noise cancellation Cons: -Only decent sound -No 7.1 surround sound with consoles -No master volume control on headset -Somewhat pricey All in all Im not terribly disappointed with the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset, but Im also not super impressed with it either. Taking into consideration the headsets quality, performance, comfort, features and value, I would give these a rating of 7 out of 10.
Sometimes my friends cant hear me, so I have to keep the mic real close. Otherwise, Its pretty good. My friends cant hear my background noise at all which is nice.
After 11 months one speaker/earphone has stopped completely and the other is shorting out.  This product is used by 17-18 year old female and has not been mishandled.  I am extremely disappointed in the durability of this product. I am changing from 2 stars to 4 stars.  I believe Kingston is going to replace the headset.  At least I have an RMA.  Part of a good product is good customer support, and right now I am impressed with Kingstons response.  I will update the review when the replacement is completed.
Ok Ive own these for about 2 months and I can say they are damn durable. That is probably the most major feature I can think of. What does that mean? Simple I carry these to college everyday 5 days a week in my fairly mid sized quicksilver bookbag and I stuff these as well as 3 text books and whatever other books and supplies I need plus my lunch (so total the bag weighs about 20 to 30 lbs worth of stuff) and it is PACKED. Even after basically being crushed by my books and at times crushed up against a wall when I lean on my bag or crushed to the back of my seat when I dont fee like taking my bag off and they still sound crisp and amazing with full functionality and no visible damage. The memory foam however has lost a bit of its shape and cushioning so its not as plump or fluffy as when I first got it but thats ok because its still comfortable as all hell.. if you wear it right. See for me I think my head is awkwardly shaped or I was wearing them wrong at first or I might have sustained some damage to my sinus when my wisdom teeth were removed/growing so when I angle the headset towards the front of my head it puts pressure on my side brows in front of my ears (where the teeth used to be) and gives me a slight head ache. This is easily fix for me by simply angling the headset towards the back of my head so that the band is closer to the back of my skull rather than the middle and so the ear cups align with the direction of my ears. In that position they are the absolute MOST comfortable thing Ive ever had on my head other than my hair. Sound wise they are better than anything Ive ever heard but Im a pleb so this is probably the best thing I ever heard. You can clearly tell that the base isnt as strong as mainstream products but everything else is so very crystal clear. Like you can hear EVERYTHING and over time you will start to prefer this over something base heavy. The mic is ok but I cant really compare it to anything else cuz before these I used my web cam mic which was a great logitech that was clear but it echoed when gaming (Cuz I used speakers before I got these) and they picked up background noise. I can say you will sound clear and background noise will be less existent but I dont know how great it really is cuz what I used before is considered a ghetto set up in terms of voice chat. If youre looking for a headset thats lightweight (Id say light as a smart phone or lighter in the case of things like Samsung or apple plus phones), and good for pretty much everything from gaming, voice recording, and like me, regular day to day music listening and dont mind the bulk (size wise not weight cuz once again light as heck) than these have your name all over it.
Ive had it for almost a year now and Im extremely happy with it. Its comfortable to wear for hours at a time, and the sound quality is superb.
Great headset for gaming, I had a set of Bose 4shots before and while they werent a bad headset (they sounded pretty good for a cheaper headset) the mic left something to be desired even with the boom mic that was provided since the original mic sucked. The sound is clear and gets plenty loud though they dont have quite as much bass as my everyday headset (I have a pair of Audio-Technica ATH-M50s that I use to listen to music). Havent tried out hooking them up to my computer to get 7.1 sound but that wasnt why I bought this headset since I primarily use it for playing on the Xbox One. The mic also works really well when doing online gaming, no echoing or any other issues so far which is huge... no one wants to be "that guy." All in all I would say that if youre looking for a wired headset these are a great deal for a headset under $100.
Great sound quality for on line gamers.
very comfortable and great auido
Well made, outstanding sound!  The Rolls Royce of Headsets!!!  Built to last, and perform!
Compare to Astro headset... the HyperX Cloud 2 is the BEST!
Very pleased with the sound quality for halo/COD and any other genre of game. Works good for music and the interchangeable ear cups are awesome. Also durable/will last you.
Gota love it, its comfortable and sounds great what more could you want! I recommend it.
These are the real deal folks...form fitting, lightweight and comfortable plus they pack some great sound for affordability that cant be beat.  As a tall man with a large cranium (and glasses) I have had a heck of a time finding a comfortable headset that didnt mash my ears or give me headaches.  Packing was stellar as I could tell great care was given in its design.  The smell of fresh leather was nice opening the box, plus it had a form letter inside thanking me for the purchase.  The value of what youre getting is above and beyond anything else Id seen. Are you wondering about the Mic quality? Friends online say I sound clear and just fine so well leave it at that.  I highly recommend this headset to all my friends and family now. Tip for those intending to use mainly for Xbox One, like myself...using this headset with the Microsoft controller headset adapter will create a mess of static and popping sounds.  You cant use the adapter with this headset, plug it straight into the newer controllers and it will work flawlessly.
My boyfriend couldnt be happier with his Christmas present.  6 months into his life with them, theyre now his go-to headphones.  Hes a s likely to wear them on a run as gaming.  And I steal them for conference calls while hes at work.  The mic has been removed a number of times, and weve never had crackling or static issues.
The headset is great sound quality and comes with 2 different ear muffs to suit your needs. Feels comfortable even after hours of use. For the price I say its well worth it. I compared it to my Astros, but I would prefer this headset or it any day.
Excellent!!
They lived up to expectations.  Work great not only with my PC but also the Xbox One.  Sound is amazing.  Crisp and clear.  The microphone works great and the headset is very comfortable.  Hooking up was plug and play which was very nice also.  If your looking for a good set of gaming headphones then look no further.
these things are great, they sound amazing and are very comfortable to wear for extended gaming sessions, and I like the look.
These things are like a hug for your ears. I love them.
I challenge you to find a better pair of surround headphones for the same price range.
These headphones are an absolute must have! Their good at noise cancelling once you have something playing. The mic is also amazing because it cancels out the other ppl from the outside so it focuses only on your voice. A nice plus to these headphones is that they work for Xbox One, PS4, and PC.
I ordered these headphones after owning the wired and wireless Logitech headsets.  This headset was not only cheaper, but it is of much better quality that my previous Logitech sets.  These are hands down the best headphones I have ever owned.  The mic portion is removable and can easily be adjusted to avoid picking up to much noise.  On top of the mic being convenient the sound quality from this headset is amazing.  You will not find a better combination for the price.
I purchased for use with PS4, so I did not use the USB connection. I connected directly to PS4 controller. I thought the sound was great. There was deep bass for explosions and gun fire and sounds had direction to them even thought this isnt " virtual surround sound". I actually really wanted to keep these. They have such a great price and the comfort level is premium. I just need a Mic Mute option for my gaming enviroment or household.  I kept having to unplug to keep from transmitting my loud household environment. If you can do without the mute or without a wireless connection.....i have to say that these are excellent...specially at the price range. I have returned these and purchased the Lucid sound LS30...the cost me $60 more but they are wireless and have a mute....the LS30 are phenomenal. ..once again at the $150 price they are phenomenal. ... With a mute option for mic i would have given a 5...in my opinion at this price range.
I bought this headset after the torture known as the G930s simply just broke down after never working well in the first place (seriously, Logitech does not care about the drivers for the G930). Boy, was that an amazing choice. First comes the packaging. Honestly, I thought I was being crowned king. The packaging was luxurious and sleek, mirroring the product perfectly. The headset itself comes with extra ear-pads, but the ones they came with still have not worn out and feel as comfortable as they initially did. It also comes with different audio-jacks for you to have a great sound experience (also an USB option). The detachable microphone is also a plus for when you just want to watch a movie or listen to some music. Now lets dig into the headset itself. The sound is crisp and clean, which is great for what it was made for. The headset is adjustable for any head, which is a plus, and is comfortable to wear due to the padding. (I will confess that it is a tad tighter than I would like it, but honestly thats just personal preference). The microphone is about as good as any headset microphone, adjustable and has the ability to come off and on. Overall, this headset is the best "Gaming/Entertainment" headset I have bought. Well worth the money. Restored my faith in headsets after the monstrosity known as the G930.
great head set and was what was looking for in my price range  to replace my turtle beach cod ghosts headsets that are starting to bite the dust. they can get uncomfortable after a while when wearing them an extended period but have not broken on me yet as some of the reviews have said they have. So far so good for me =)
UPDATE Edit over all I STILL LOVE them, one of the best pair i have gotten, BUT while i am saying this they really dont last that long, i mean the cord connect into the base of the head set keeps twisting way to easily to the point they wire inside the headphone keeps getting way to tight to the point it starts to cut out the sound. this is enough to make another star or 2 off, but with there great customer support i was able to get them replaced ...again. its a huge deffect in the way they where made there.  honestly i wish they would of had wireless option or something. i DO love how the cord disconects from the control uint to make it alot easier to keep the twisting to the mini and a nut of cords to a min. I love the headset, it has some of the best sound i have gotten with a headset ...BUT my 1st pare was a lemon. the wiring in the main ear pice was loss and caused loss of sound on one side all together.  i gotten a replce ment. (i might be to late to ask for another) i dont know why but i noticed the cord is starting to unravel and i would like to replace these before it gets worse... i might add a few pics later.. dono since only way i have is on my phone, wich is dead.. Edited i would of liked to buy a a 2-Year Protection plain but at the time i had no option for this. really like to have one SINCE i know headphones brake..
Great headset.
Never bought a HyperX product until this past weekend. Nothing but positives so far! The packaging is super clean and professional! The headset fits very gently. They were even nice to throw in 2 spare ear coverings and a bag to carry the headset around! Music sounds great. If you arent even a gamer you can use these to deliver amazing sound. You can detach the mic and wear them like normal headphones so you dont look like a boosted animal in public. The headset doesnt feel cheap or flimsy at all, which was the problem with previous headsets because my head is so damn big. In the past I used Turtle Beach and Logictech... Never again. The plastic on those would break after months of use (also could from my head size) I do not see this being an issue at all with these Cloud IIs. Thank you HyperX, this is exactly what I was looking for! I highly recommend if you are looking for a quality, comfortable, headphones.
This headset is honestly the best for the price. Yeah, it may not have "fancy" little lights or anything like that too flashy but these guys PERFORM! Ive had mine for over a year and theyre as good as day one. They hold up well wear and tear, they still look new after a year of them being used just about everyday. I recently ordered the Clouds IIs for my boyfriend to replace his Astros and he doesnt seem to miss his Astros much lol. These are amazing, you can hear so well, the sound is crisp and clear. The mic picks up great too. One of my favorite things is that if youre in a room with other people they wont be heard through the other end unless theyre shouting or are really loud. These have reallyyyy good noise cancel. Id buy the same exact headset if my headset ever gave out.
Im in an LDR and I play games professionally, so I go through headsets like nobodys business. When Im home, Im using this headset unless Im sleeping or eating basically. So let me tell you- this headset is one of if not the most sturdy headsets you will find for its price. Ive gotten a few other 100$ headsets that were basically just cheap plastic. The bands always break, or the earmuffs fall out irreversibly, but this pair of headsets has lasted me a solid year now and its worked marvelously (note: the longest any other headset has lasted has been, at the very max, half a year) and is still going very strong. There is one big problem that this sturdy, long lasting headset comes with though. This would be the USB dongle. So theres the headset itself, which has a jack on the one end of the cord. That jack plugs into an external sound card that has volume controls (which I dont find myself using very much, but its a nice convenience) and that has a longer cord that goes into a USB thing that you plug into your computer. The part thats separate from the headset, called the dongle (yes I laughed about it too for a little), is very fragile. Its broken twice on me so far- first time, the sound card was messed up after about 5 months of usage. It would make the headset make crackly pop noises whenever it moved, my computer would no longer recognize it, and it ended up with me spending hours of my life trying to position it just right so that the connection would go through. It was extremely frustrating because this thing is right in between me and the computer- the area that moves most. So it was constantly poppling and breaking and disconnecting and reconnecting. I got so fed up I contacted support and they sent me a free replacement. All I had to do was provide proof of purchase and send them back my faulty one after I received the new one. so that turned out great. Then that dongle worked well for another 5 months, and now its broken again. This time, its the part next to the USB closer to the computer. Ive been able to tolerate it longer, because as long as its set on a box or propped up on something it wont disconnect. still frustrating, but at least I can actually move my head and not have to sit entirely still the whole time Im using the headset. I just got off tech support 5 minutes ago and theyre sending me a new replacement. their customer service is top notch, definitely one of the better ones out there! they are polite and quick to replace broken parts. I forgot how long the warranty is, but I think for the headsets its at least a year. So hypothetically, if my new replacement breaks I would have to BUY a replacement one for 30$ off their website. Pros: Sound proof durable headset great mic quality great sound quality comfortable earmuffs nice design seriously, this thing is durable. trust me. cons: flimsy/fragile dongle that gets broken easily earmuffs dont rotate 90 degrees like some other headsets so that its easier to place on your neck. Not a huge con, but its there uhm... Im really struggling to find more cons... I guess because part of the headset is metallic the band is cold in the morning? but unless youre bald thats not a problem.. Overall a great product, great customer service, just make your dongles more sturdy hyperx ;)
I’m an avid PC gamer and have been playing computer games for over 10 years. My first pair of headsets was a cheap pair that I got from my brother. I then upgraded to Turtle Beach and they worked okay. Then they broke and I looked for a great quality headset and found the HyperX Cloud II. It costed me just under $100 and has worked great for the last 6 months. Packaging and Content: Within the box, youll find the headset (with its integrated 1m cable terminated by a 3.5mm jack), a detachable mic, a 2m extension cable with a control pod which has mic mute switch, volume up/down for both headphone and mic volumes and a 7.1 surround sound button. There is also a nice carrying pouch included, a set of extra ear pads, an aeroplane adaptor and a set of manuals. Overall the packaging is great and high quality. Build quality & Design: The headsets build quality is really well thought out. The headsets cable is terminated by a 3.5mm gold-plated jack and the mic is detachable. On either side of the headset youve got left and right indicators, and by the headband adjustment, you can see small dots, allowing you to know how far youve extended each side of the headset. The ear pads are very soft and well built. Whats better is that youve got the choice between velour and memory foam pads, allowing you to change between the two and wear the one which is most comfortable for your needs. The pads are very easy to change. Overall the quality and design is the best I have ever experienced. Overall the HyperX Cloud II is one of the best if not the best headsets at its price range. Kingston provides amazing quality and amazing comfort that I will continue you stick their headsets. I would highly recommend this headset to anyone who is looking for a relatively cheap pair of headsets that will last you years.
Comfort: Check. Cant even feel it on my head! Quality: Check. Sound is great, mic is great. Some people ask me if I am using a studio quality mic!
These headphones are great for the high quality and audio output. However, there are some complaints that I found with the headset. First, and most important to address is a weird audio glitch you may encounter. After using the headset for a few weeks it sounded fine, but it then one day decided to cut off audio and leave a high pitched noise output from the headset. Second, a really minor complaint, is the length of the cable. For a braided cable it does the job, but when does one need a cable this long to play at your desktop and/or laptop. Other than that, this product is amazing for its uses and can be improve on the stability of its audio and overall build
Amazing Gaming set for the Price, Worth each penny
Great sounding headphones! From what my friends say the mic is pretty good too. Definitely a step up from my old playstation gold headphones!
Very comfortable. Very good sound quality and the 7.1 is great for music/movies. Mic is average quality but that is alright. Feel very durable and good quality solid build would buy again.
This head set is amazing for the money I would say they are the best you can get in the price range super comfortable best sounding headset I have mic could be a little better but gets the job done greatly and comes with a airplane adapter and extra ear pads I love how the mic and sound card are removable so you can use them as just a normal pair of headphones
If you are looking for a pair of gaming headphones,look no further, the Hyper X Cloud II is ultimate set of gaming headphones.  The cost is high but for such an awesome pair of headphones, its worth the asking price. Sound quality is excellent,the mic can pick up a pin drop while also not being obnoxious by amplifieing every breath or having loud noises deafen you.  Now they arent  the loudest, but the quality more than makes up for this, that being said playing a game like Battlefield  can make it almost impossible to hear chat unless you adjust the settings so they are not whisper quiet either.  They can also be used to listen to music, but if it doesnt work try plugging  the mic in and it should work.  Even the box the headphones come in are of high quality, and has a suede like cover for the headphones themselves if you dont like the leather.  All around great product and is worth the price.
I am incredibly pleased with this headset. It is comfortable, adjustable, the noise cancellation is great. I was most surprised by bx it came in, HyperX showed that they really cared about thier product. The headset and extra components were packed in fitted foam and there is a great message from the company inlaid on the box lid. Super happy with my purchase and loom forward to using this for years.
I was coming from the Logitech G930 to this headset.  There are a lot of die hard G930 fans, but I was never impressed with them.  My biggest issue with the G930 was disconnect issues whether wireless OR wired.  It was useless.  It also wasnt that comfortable and felt somewhat cheap.  Before buying the Cloud II I had reservations due to the number of Amazon user reviews pointing out mic issues where people on the other end couldnt hear.  Yet, there were many "expert" reviewers that consistently placed the HyperX series near or at the top of their headset comparisons.  I decided to take the plunge and Im really glad I did. The build quality, sound quality and comfort levels put the G930 to shame.  I also had no issues with people hearing me loudly and clearly when I used my mic (I mainly play Overwatch and TF2).  The highs sound crisp, the mids are solid and the bass is deep when using the non-velour ear pads.  If you use the velour pads then the sound leaks and the bass isnt nearly as strong.  I actually prefer the velour pads for FPS gaming because voices and footsteps dont get drowned out as easily by the bass which gives me much better directional awareness of my surroundings.  The velour pads are also more breathable which means youll sweat less in a warm room with these. Id like to make an observation on the "USB Audio Sound Card with 7.1 Virtual Surround Sound" feature.  For FPS gaming I personally found this detrimental to gameplay.  It really killed my ability to sense the direction of footsteps and gunfire because the sounds seemed like they were coming from everywhere.  When I turned off the virtual surround sound and played in stereo mode I was then able to determine the origin of sounds (left or right).  On the other hand, if you plan to use the headset for music then I think it could be a great feature because it can immerse you in your music.  If youre mainly a gamer then you might want to save yourself some money by going with the HyperX Cloud I.  That way youre not paying for 7.1 Virtual Surround Sound that you may never use. All said, I love this headset!
Worth every penny
I love this headset so much worth the money.
I was looking for a replacement for my TB px-22s (good sound, nice mic but 2 hours of wearing it makes me feel like my heads about to blow up) , and this headset came first to mind because they sponsor a lot of pro esports teams and critics and trusted users alike commended its comfort because it used memory foam. To me comfort is my priority because how much of a pain my previous headset gives. It was below $100 for a flagship product from a big-brand, so..... why not give it a shot? Came in 2 days later.... I never looked back ever again. Build quality was astonishingly good making it feel like a $200 product e.g. the sennheiser G4ME zeroes. Comfort-wise, this is exactly what Im looking for, or maybe even better. Sound quality was pretty good so is the mic. Only con is that sometimes mic is not working (maybe because it is detachable?)
Most comfortable headset Ive ever used. At first, I was a bit disappointed with the sound, but then I plugged it into one of the front ports & the sound seems much better.  My previous headset had a thin plastic headband that easily broke, this one is metal & is adjustable and much more comfortable.
Awesome. Much better than the Cloud I.
This was my first headset and Ive been using this for more than a year now. Still holds up to this day. The leather earmuffs isolates the outside noise and its quite comfortable. The package does with a fabric pair of earmuffs if the leather ones arent your thing. For longevity wear, I would say up to an hour of wearing before you can feel the tightness on your head. The sound is incredible. The virtual 7.1 sound can make a difference in gaming in most first person shooters. I was a little worried at first because of the USB dongle connector instead of the standard headphone and mic jack, but all those doubts have been cleared now. The mic however is a bit underwhelming but at least its got a mic filter and sounds decent enough to get the job done. The best part about the mic is its detachable and flexible. In conclusion, this is a great headset for under $100. I recommend it.
I really liked this headset.  Unfortunately, the headsets right speaker stopped working out of nowhere.  Not sure what to do except buy another headset.  Will likely try another brand though... UPDATE: HyperX replaced the faulty equipment through their warranty replacement process.  They have certainly redeemed themselves.  I hope this one lasts longer than 23 months though!
I went through so many headsets before i settled on the Cloud 1 originally.  That headset worked perfectly, then after some time I needed a second headset (for work), so I started to buy another Cloud 1, but the Cloud 2 was out so I bought that instead trusting in the quality of the original Cloud 1.  I was absolutely not disappointed, for your money you wont get a better headset.
Great headset for the money! Great sound, very comfortable and can wear it for long periods of time with no discomfort.
Nice headset with good price, love it!
Easily the best headset Ive owned, unparalleled in sound quality, noise cancellation and the surround sound is kick ass to boot. The cord is extremely tough and it comes with a switch to adjust volume/mic volume/mute. The microphone is actually removable from the headphones as well. You wont regret getting this headset.
Very happy with product, but Ive had some problems with crackling and popping this has to do with the dongle that you plug the headset into with the volume control and surround sound if that was fixed everything else is great and would be 5 stars easily
Was looking for a headset to use at work (PC and Cisco phone). This one is fantastic. Though it does not have active noise cancellation (like Bose headphones), the comfortable over the ear cushions block out most sound.
rated best headset on the market in 2015 however, and although it works very well, I dont think its "amazing" I often have trouble differentiating between in front and behind when it comes to foot steps in counter strike. It is very comfortable as in I dont notice Im wearing it after long periods of time. I still use it today but if I had the money for a different headset I would look into buying something else. Dont get me wrong this headset it very nice I like the control box and the detachable mic. The cable is strong and long enough, frankly for me its too long. there isnt anything negative to say really I just dont feel like its the best headset on the market. If it really is then I have some hearing problems.
For the price its amazing it really is, but its ment for the pc not ps4 meaning on ps4 you can control volume and sound through the box which is a downside. Also the 7.1 surround is not the greatest but for the price its killer.
After awhile of using some turtlebeach p11s I decided I actually had to invest in something when my 3rd pair broke down. I was stuck between the Cloud 2 and Corsaid Void, This is such a comfortable headset, very sturdy and nice feel. Definitely Happy with the build materials. The ear muffs are leather by default but also come with a memory foam set (stuck with the leather) Theres nothing complicated about the wiring or any drivers just plug and play. The muffs cancel out a good amount of sound and the mic quality is amazing! Definitely noise cancelling though never really experienced not having to always close my door gaming, did a little test and you have to speak pretty loud to be heard as a distant voice just taking a step away from the mic but wearing it is perfect. I wanted to make sure I got at least an entire day gaming before I left this review so i can confirm that this headset wont be leaving you with any sore or weird feeling ears, Definitely would reccomend to anyone.
Great product if you like playing video games and listening to music, but the mic audio is a bit loud
Great!
This is probably one of the comfiest headsets I have ever owned. With the awesome memory foam headband and comfortable ear cups, sometime I even forget that Im wearing it. The mic is great. Packaging is great. It sounds awesome. I would recommend this!
Amazing quality especially for the price.
Coming from a Plantronics GameCon 780 (The plastic headband finally snapped after 6 years), the Hyperx Cloud 2 is simply beautiful. I picked these up from Bestbuy after finding that these headphones rarely get less than 4 stars from thousands of reviews. Out of the box, they produce sound and the mic transfers sound (no RMAs for me) Pros: - Light, but never feels like the quality is lacking - I dont personally prefer leather, so i threw on the included set of "velour" ear cuffs, and they feel so comfy on the ears and the area around the ears the pads sit on - The pressure the headset puts around your ears and on your head in general has not ever felt like i would feel sore, even after i played with them on for 8 hours straight (with 1 break for bathroom), as well as mentioned above, these are not heavy, and shouldnt cause any neck strain. - Im not 100% certain of the noise cancellation, but my wife with her 5.1 surround speakers next to my desk are hardly noticeable when playing a game of overwatch. If im watching a youtube video, i can hear my wife clearly enough to be able to respond - Sound quality is great, microphone quality is great, and being able to switch from Stereo to virtual 7.1 is something im not used to, but works great - Side note, Stereo sound great for youtube videos, and turning on the 7.1 for Overwatch or other online video games works fantastic - Another side note, when talking on the microphone, it sounds isolating when wearing the headset, like you are the only one speaking, and talking to yourself even. - Last side note, the 7.1 quality is scary good (coming from another 7.1 headset), i cant entirely describe how i felt when i could hear my characters every movement, my own footsteps, others footsteps. Feels like a whole new perspective. - Sound is directed really well, and is situated so that others should very rarely be able to hear your music (unless you are listening to very, very loud sounds). Cons: - I would of liked to see them integrate the microphone into the headset, or even have it prop up when not in use. Not at all a deal breaker, but nice to not have to bend the bendable mic up when not in use. - Like other reviews ive seen, the little dongle to adjust sound and enable 7.1, i would of liked to have on the headset itself just so that im not chasing the dongle around, but like the above, not a deal breaker. - Side note, not entirely sure about the microphone sound adjustment on the dongle. Out of the box, the sound level is fine enough for my bros to hear in game. - Maybe a shorter cable? The cable feels like it has quite the length to it (more than i need anyway). Might be more of a pro to have more length, just incase. I would highly recommend this headset. Comparing it to a Plantronics GameCon 780, this one is better no doubt. Aside from comparing it to my last headset, this one feels like i spent my money well. I wish bestbuy had the all black/grey version, but having at least one left in stock i was so happy to get it same day. Would suggest getting any extended warranty you can, just because i would hate for something to happen to mine and then shilling out another $100. Hands down, 10/10 for full price, 12/10 if you can get on sale. 13/10 if you can get them same day. (If you are looking for your next set of headphones, if you do purchase from a bestbuy or other vendor sameday, and dont like the experience, you can always take em back (within 14 days for bestbuy) if they arent everything i have made them out to be (just keep the packaging))
Great headset for pc gaming
Amazing fit, I can play for hours at a time and the quality is amazing and it doesnt hurt my ears nor my head! Love that you can take off the mic off when youre not using it and you can also adapt it to your face!
Great headphones. The sound quality is extremely nice for this price point.
Got them, on time as usual, opened them up and the warm glow of another amazon item fills my room, im greeted with the sleek red box that contains the headphones. When i pulled them out you can feel the heft, a comfortable weight and on the topic of comfort the earpads and and headpad are made of a synthetic leathery material thats soft but wouldnt slip much. The part that attaches the phones to the headbar feel are made of metal not plastic so they arent wobbly, the whole thing feels really sturdy and well built. Before moving on to the sound quality i want to mention that the has a nylon outer part that i much prefer over plastic or rubber.The sound quality is great and can get very loud if you want, (sometimes ill use these as speakers). Sometimes the sensitivity on the mic is way too high bit the volume  adjuster also has a mic sensitivity adjuster so just fix it yourself. All in all awesome product, i got mine in sale for 85$ would buy again and i suggest you do too. tldr: buy em theyre awesome.
Best headset I have ever owned!!
Shipping was super fast - and the sound is absolutely perfect. Nothing beats being able to hear exactly where an enemy is running from, even 2 floors below...and as someone who has hearing issues in one ear, Im so happy that Im FINALLY hearing what I should be - instead of dealing with the same crappy iffy audio with my old $30 headset year after year. Extremely happy with this purchase.
Headset is great. The earpieces are big enough to go around my ears without touching.  Sound quality is great.
Great head set, great value
Great sound, great mic, extremely comfortanble. Highly reccomended. Plug and play :D
works. annoying no mute button on headset. controls in annoying spot.
The perfect low-cost high-grade headset for pros and amateurs alike. Seriously, with a 3.5 mm connector I was a little iffy, but with a dolby 7.1 card for my computer playing Rainbow 6 Siege is about 200% easier - can hear every last pin drop. Its also very helpful for cross-console play. I also bought the Xbox One Headset Adapter and that made going from PC to XBO a piece of cake - all with beautiful audio and surround. Highly recommended. Disclaimer: Im no audiophile - but I really enjoy stealthy type FPSs like search and destroy, any part of R6S, and more. Added Note: The headset does not work with my phone for some reason. Im expecting that a 7.1 surround with no battery draws quite a lot of current for power and I doubt my Motorola Droid Turbo can sustain anything remotely close to 2.4A - but I havent dived too deep into the specs of either device to find out if that really is the problem. I just know the headset connects and disconnects every half second for as long as I have it plugged in. Minor issue though (since I dont use these for listening to music).
Great sound for gaming and music. Mic is clear for chatting. Using them with the controller adapter for Xbox One. Playing Black Ops 3 with these is a whole new experience!
Work great and are very comfortable.  Wearing them for remote training, 5 hrs straight 4 days in a row and zero complaints with them.  Sound is great and the 7.1 option does add some noticeable effects to games like Diablo 3 and Borderlands 2.
This headset works great with my PS4 controller,Xbox One controller(with the microsoft adapter I had to buy separately).PC and even my phone.The voice and audio quality are great on these. I have a large head and the band and earmuffs fit just right.No more sore ears after a heart night of gaming! One quirk I did notice was that I had to have my mic plugged in to use it on my phone.Otherwise I would hear popping or buzzing.Probably something to do with how phones are built.
Greatest sound quality in a headset Ive ever experienced, and the noise cancellation is excellent.
These are the best damned pc headphones out there. The mic is also very clear. You could buy worse for a lot more $$.
All in all its a great headset. I went from an old G430 headset from logitech and I am happy with my purchase. Its comfortable and sounds great. However Ive noticed that the left side of the headset is slightly louder than the other. This might be a defective unit, but other than that, everything else gets the job done
I generally dont like gaming headsets but rather a pair of headphones and a mic but his one is different. It has great audio for its price even rivaling my 100$ headphones and the mic is not the but alright. Packaging was great it came with leather and normal ear cups I personally prefer the leather. The 7.1 surround sound is actually pretty good which came as a surprise. One of if not the best gaming headset in the market
There cool.
Very good headset. Clear sounding with a nice range in acoustics. Comfortable to wear and well manufactured. The bass maybe a bit lacking but overall its very good device
This product is great and very durable audio nice quality along with the 7.1 virtual surround adds so much to the games I play like in borderlands 2 I was so immersed I barely even noticed I was in the school library
Very happy with these over a year. Have the red version and recently bought the gun metal version for my other son. Both kids very happy. Update Sept. 12, 2017 our mini plug at the end of the cord broke recently and called Kingston about the warranty and they were under warranty. They gave a rma # to send back and just recieved the new pair. Very happy! Thanks Kingston. Just a suggestion about the mini 3.5 plug would be awesome if it was a angle plug instead of straight plug.
Did a lot of research on a gaming headset. Ultimately decided on this. I just cant find anything wrong with it. The packaging alone was incredible. I kept the box and I never do that. It comes with cloth ear cups in case you dont like the leather feel, comes with a usb cable as the primary means of attaching so it bypasses the need for a sound card, and they are very light and really comfortable and the sound quality is also very good. I am so happy I got these headphones, for the money I dont think you can get much better.
Great sound and quality.  Only wish the mute button was on the headset not the dongle.
Amazing headset, best value I have ever seen. Ive had it for over 2 months and it is by far the best headset I have owned in the "Gaming headset" lineup. Only rivaled by Astro A40/50s Pros: -Amazing build, aluminum chassis and nice leather like material for the rest of the headset -Great sound quality for the price, good base and good surround for *virtual* surround sound -Supports 3.5mm headphone/mic which is great for laptop users, but also has the USB adapter built in, with inline controls -Microphone is clear and doesnt make the user sound nasally -Portable, comes with a carrying bag and has a detachable microphone -Comes with a airplane adapter (Just a nice feature) -3 different color schemes that are all very nice -2 different ear pieces, one leather and memory foam, and one a memory foam without the leather. Both are washable -Adjustable to fit any head size, and the microphone is flexible -Doesnt hurt when wearing for long periods of time -Good noise insulation Cons -Quiet microphone, youll need to raise your values manually for best quality -No in line mute, besides just ripping the microphone off mid whatever youre doing -No drivers to customize EQ settings or mic profiles like Logitech or Corsair has -Because of the aluminium build, its possible to pinch your finger between the hinge and the ear cup -Heavier than other plastic only headsets
Do not buy the Playstation headphones. The build quality of the hyperx is far superior.
Amazing sound. Im no audiophile so to me it was amazing. The little control box ended up breaking eventually.
good sound, fairly comfortable.  the Price is very fair.  It is wired but at least you dont have to keep charging it.  Those of you who are into gaming, need a good headphone for a decent price.  Dont care if its wired?  This is the headset for you.
Normally I wear glasses with my headsets and it will bother me after a very short period of time, honestly I do not think you can wear a pair of glasses with any headset for an extended period of time without some degree of discomfort. These are remarkably comfortable even with glasses on, however after 4+ hrs of wearing them you will notice the pain along the sides of your head, although wearing them without glasses has given me very little discomfort for periods of up to 10+ hrs. Using these headphones after owning them for over 6 months, the sound quality is clear and crisp, however if you use this with a PS4 this headset will occasionally not allow the microphone to work until it is unplugged then plugged back in, also the in-line controls do not adjust anything while being used on PS4, game volume or chat volume, but the mute button will work as expected. The microphone is always very low when using this headset, always turning up the sensitivity in just about every game i play with other people that i need to interact with, HyperX seems to have an ongoing issue with this problem as the last set i bought from them had the same issue as well as cutting out occasionally then eventually stopped working only two weeks outside of the warranty. So overall this is a reliable headset for audio, but the microphone is a bit unreliable when it comes to quality.
I wanted a headset that I could wear for 4+ hours for World of Warcraft raiding. It had to be COMFORTABLE WITH GLASSES, have an EXCELLENT MIC, and GREAT BUILD QUALITY. This is everything I wanted and I love it!
Awesome headset! Ideal for any gamer, either console or PC. The comfort is unreal and the sound quality is amazing. I couldnt believe how well packaged it was. The detachable mic is a nice touch as well
The 7.1 sound works great, I play a lot of Arma3 which is very dependent on hearing footsteps/shot location good headphones give you a definite edge... These work great, theyre very soundproof, very comfortable headphones that are solidly constructed, kinda surprised how beefy they feel, the set comes with fuzzy and pleather headphone ear muffs for your preference, and a carry bag. Theres a nicely braided long cord, and solid mic/headphone inline controls, a friend recommended them to me Id recommend then if asked. The only thing I noticed is that theyre so sound isolated it took a bit getting used to not hearing my voice when speaking on the mic.  The old set I could hear myself talk.
Great headset, satisfied.
I was researching for a headset for about a week straight, going back and forth from site to site. After a long and desperate search the Cloud II headset seemed like the best. Without a doubt, even after using Logitech and other similar gaming brands this is the BEST headset Ive ever used.
My son is very happy with the product and very comfortable on the ears!.. Thank you
Awesome
Best headset for the money ive owned, Ive had 3 or 4 different logitech headsets now, some over the ear "headphones" and some open ear headphones. for the money paid and the audio quality and build quality, i cant see a better option for a PC headset.
It is really comfortable to wear. i have tried many other ones, and this is the best one so far. And 100 bucks is the right price for it
These are fantastic. They sound great and with the velour cups they are very comfy and dont get you all sweaty. Ive used it extensively on both Windows and Mac (with and without the USB adapter) without issue, and also plugged directly into my phone and tablets. Just all around great. The microphone works really well too and I really appreciate that they can be disconnected as I only very rarely need them, so its better than the fold up type.
Comfortable and works like described.  So, whats not to love?
A truly great headset, though my one issue with it is that for some odd reason, I must unplug and replug the headset every time in order to use the mic if I turned off the computer.
These ROCK! Im an avid gamer on-line (COD & BF) and the 7.1 feature is AWESOME!!!! I also like the fact that when you plug in the USB plug, the headset looks and downloads the needed drivers. No disc. It has an adapter for airplanes AND its a simple as unplugging the unit from the volume control pad to use for the Xbox. Ive been gaming for 20+ years and this thing is the bomb. Ive had the G930 (garbage) and the Sennheiser (old model). Quit reading my review and just buy this NOW!!!!!
Best headset I ever owned. High quality for a budget price.
Sound is incredible, disconnecting mic is great, build quality is fantastic. Problem with it is the USB adapter buttons do not work at all with the PS4. I actually had an old PS4 silver headset, I use that USB connector instead and it works better.
Quality build and nice sound.
Ive had the previous model & loved it. This second model is more of what I loved! Good mic quality, good sound & very comfortable. I game four hours & other headsets would be painful, but the ear cups are super soft on this headset, making it perfect for long hours of gaming. Best headset Ive ever used, no need to buy those $200+ headsets at all. Save your money. Youll be just as happy with this one, and youll have extra money for a game. ;)
These are much better than my old 5H Steel Series.  The mic does a great job hearing my voice for VoiceAttack and the 3D Surround Sound emulation makes Elite Dangerous a more immersive experience.  These things can get LOUD and really block out external sound. About the only thing I dont like is the padded headband. Its like they said OK we need to skimp somewhere, where should it be?  Oh yeah, padding on the headband.  People dont need that..."  You can feel the metal of the headband pretty quick, but its not horribly uncomfortable. Im just worried it wont hold up over time.
Easy plug and play headset, simple controls and great audio and microphone quality.
Best gaming headphones Ive ever used. Buy them and  you wont be disappointed!
Great sound quality. Very non-invasive. I only wish the 7.1 started by default.
Best Headset I have owned.  I wear glasses and these are the only ones I have found out of probably 10 different brands including all the Logitech ones that fit my head and glasses.  Most tend to push my glasses into my temples, but not these.  Great great product! I will be a customer for life!
Finally bought these after trying several others and I am super happy with them. bass is punchy and clear with plenty of volume. The headset is super comfortable (maybe a tad heavy) and I love that you can detach the Microphone. I can even see my self using these for just music without the USB adapter which is a nice bonus. Before I bought these I tried the Logitech G430s. The were okay but the sound was very flat and the volume output seemed pretty low. I just was not happy with the 430s these Hyper X headphones are much better. These may seem a bit pricey but they are will worth it
These are the best pair of headphones I have ever purchased. I upgraded from the Audio Technica ath m50s. These were half the price and has a removable mic attachment. Could not be more happy with this headset.
Pros: Over 9,000% GOOD. Cons: nonexistant Other Thoughts:  HIGHLY recommended for ANY application.
Easy to set up with great audio. 7.1 surround sound works very well, and the included nylon ear cushions are a must have. I wish I bought them sooner.
My only complaint is the mic has no feedback in my ear so I talk really loudly.
Very satisfied, only complaint is my ears are a bit more sensitive and the leather earcups do get a bit sweaty after a bit, nothing major though. I dont care for the other set of included earcups. Very great for what you pay for and at a really compelling price.
amazing sound fit and style.. best i have ever owned
This is my first gaming headset, and I feel like I made the right choice for the amount of money that I budgeted to spend.  I use these primarily with my PS4 and I use the memory foam ear pads.  The headset is extremely comfortable.  I havent ever experienced ear or head pain, or any discomfort like I have with a few different types of audio headsets.  Both in-game sound and chat are very clear, and other gamers that Im online with have told me that they can hear me clearly also.  I think they work very well for noise cancelling, and Im able to get immersed into the sound and experience of whatever game Im playing.
Really good headset.  Great audio and mic.  Comfortable.  Still looking for the headset that fits my head perfectly with no feeling of weight....
I bought these to replace a broken pair of Razer Kraken 7.1s and was thoroughly impressed. The sound quality is noticeably better and theyre far, far more comfortable to wear. My head/ears would start to ache after about half an hour of wearing the Razer Krakens, but I dont have that problem with the HyperX Cloud II. Also, the packaging is really nice. The mic is fairly average, but this is probably the best youre going to get from a sub $200 gaming headset. Incredible value.
I really dont know much about headsets and am not a hard-core gamer - but I definitely wanted a quality headset and wasnt pleased when checking out the prices.  Through reading reviews several people recommended this headset and the price was very good compared to some out there so I bought it to use with my PS4.  You will not be disappointed!!!  Quality headset, great sound, great construction - am so pleased!  Even the packaging was quality, great attention to detail!  I dont think you will be disappointed with this product.  I just plugged it into the PS4 controller and was playing!
Great headset - beautiful soundstage and great mic to boot!
Using it with mixamp pro tr loving the sound and can hear if someone crouching and walking slowly kda went with best headphones in fps
I use it on my smart phone for telecommuting and for gaming. My voice is clear and the sounds are crisp. Im a big guy and this thing is solid in my hands an fits well over my ears.
This is a very comfortable, very good sounding headset for a great price. When Im playing music or gaming, I cant hear a thing from outside sources unless theyre particularly loud. The sound quality is excellent giving a great quality to whatever youre listening to. It is very clear sounding.
Got them really fast and Im obsessed with them especially the surround sound making me feel like Im in a movie theatre no matter what I play. My music sounds clear like Im hearing the voice themselves and its a really good pair. My only wish is that these came in more colors.
I dont have any bad feelings towards my purchase. I am very satisfied with my purchased. Great value,
First off i want to say how amazed I am at the build quality of these headphones. They feel and look very solid. The metal frame is comforting because the last headphones I owned broke at a weak point above the earphone. Upon inspecting these clouds I have found no obvious weakpoints in their construction. They fit extremely well on my head and perfectly around my ears.  The sound quality seems very good and clear. My only fault so far with these is that they dont have a very powerful low bass. But the 7.1 worked as expected. I was able to locate  enemies based of sound cues. A few friends commented on how clear my voice sounded alluding to the microphone being of good quality. Extras included in the box is a bag for carrying, 2 soft ear pads. I would definatly recommend these to anyone looking for a pair of headphones of excellent build with 7.1 surround sound. If I had not known how much these are before trying them I would guess that they are over $150. These headphones = serious bang for the buck
sound great. the usb dongle and its built in surround stuff is trash, at least for csgo. it makes gunfire so loud and sharp your ears will bleed. I also somehow fubard my settings for the mic and havent been using it either. They are comfy and can be worn for hours and hours and the sound is great if you just ignore the USB dongle and plug the 3.5mm jack into your computer straight.
I must say, I was blown away by these headphones. I highly recommend them. They have great audio quality, great microphone quality, and they feel amazing even after wearing them for multiple hours at a time. I gave them 4 stars because the right ear went out on them after 9 months of use. It really stinks because these are by far my favorite pair of headphones I have ever used and Ive bought a bunch of headphones. Ill probably be buying them again if the price drops BUT, if they go out again after 9 months of use Ill probably try to search for another set.
I have had Astro A40s for a number of years. While they are a quality headset I felt that they werent worth the price tag and so I wanted to find a less expensive, high end alternative. After searching and comparing many different headsets I decided to try my luck with the Cloud IIs based on some recommendations. I can definitely say that I am extremely impressed with them! They are built to last, extremely comfortable and the audio quality is fantastic on PC and console, at a very very reasonable cost. - I find that I can wear them for much longer periods of time without getting sore or sweaty around the ears. - I love that I can detach the mic when Im playing a single player game and have no use for it (also, then my wife knows that Im not talking with anyone else at the same time! :p ) - When playing BF1, I can clearly discern footsteps and voices and direction of where people are coming from. When Im playing Skyrim Remaster I can pick up every far off creatures or voice,and the cracking of thunder which really adds a level of immersion I havent gotten out of my A40s in some time. - The metal frames connecting to the ear pieces are great because now I dont worry about my headset breaking (which Ive had with standard plastic designs before) - If anything should happen to them out of warranty I can purchase another set and not feel like Ive wasted my money because of how well theyre priced. I could go on and on about them, but I give them a resounding 5/5 and would buy these again in a heartbeat.
So freaking good. Amazing! We love these headset so much.
The Review everyone needs to read that has an Xbox One elite Controller or a controller with a headphone jack.  Yes, this does work.  its very comfortable, noise canceling is amazing.  The microphone is very crisp and clean.  A drawback (more of an xbox drawback) is the volume and controls are in the Xbox settings.  So if you need to adjust volume mid game you have to hit the home button, go to settings and change the volume and get back into the game.
Love love love love my hyperx cloud 2 headset!!
Crystal clear audio. Bass hits good. Mic is good just make sure its close to your mouth when you speak or people cant hear you.
I was gifted this headset. It is the best I have ever used which havent been a lot but until I find a better pair then this my goto headphones.
Headset is super comfortable, I played for hours yesterday and my ears didnt hurt at all; unlike my last headset. Mic sounds good, sound is good and it feels very sturdy
Beside the fact that it took about two weeks for the item to arrive due to delay after delay......the headphone perform well as expected.
nothing to complain about. very comfortable, great sound.
Simply the best gaming headset Ive ever used!
Summary: Full aluminum design with Dolby 7.1 surround support (PC) and premium materials make the Kingston HyperX Cloud II one of the best headsets you can own in its price category. Out of the Box: Product comes with interchangeable leather and valor cups for comfort during long gaming sessions or extreme noise cancellation for competitive play. Sound quality is top notch when the 7.1 sound card is in play. The lightweight aluminum body ensures the frame wont crack under duress above the ear cups or the headband. After replacing 3 turtle beaches I have permanently moved to Hyper X Clouds. The product runs a 3.5mm cable which can connected into a 7.1 USB sound card. This means you can use this on your PC via USB, PS4 via USB, or PS4 controller via the 3.5mm  jack. Overall: This is a must buy for anyone in  he market for a premium headset with great sound quality at a competitive price!
More durability than other product models, but one of the ears still fell off after a month or so. That is better than Turtle Beach, which only last a week or so. Maybe its all the screaming they do at each other
Its been way too long since I bought a headset and clearly they have come a long way. Here are my thoughts on the headset after extended use. Packaging - I am a sucker for great packaging. It makes me feel like the company really cares about the product they are selling you and didnt just throw it in a box. I love the red box and the cut to fit foam inserts. Build Quality - This headset has a premium feel to it.The last Turtle Beach headset i owned felt a little cheap. This feels like it should cost more than it did. Sound Quality - This headset really sounds great! Whether you are gaming, listening to music or watching a movie they sound amazing. The bass isnt as low as some people may want but these arent studio level audiophile headphones and for what they are and how much they cost they absolutely deliver. Mic Quality - The mic sounds great. Its clear, the noise cancelling cuts out some background noise. It is everything I expected it to be. Overall these are a fantastic option for a gaming headset. I without a doubt give them a 5 out of 5! They do have a strong chemical smell when you first open them though. Thankfully it fades quickly.
I love these headphones, plain and simple. VERY comfortable fit on the head and also around my not so small ears. I use these every single day, as I am an avid console gamer. (PS4.)  The sound of these headphones rival my professional studio grade headphones, found h ere. These can very easily be plugged into the controller or used with the included "USB Soundcard" on the PS4. That being said, the included USB Sound card with 7.1 Surround sound works, but none of the controls, such as mute or volume buttons work. And the inline microphone while using the USB card sounds TERRIBLE, as people that I typically play with said that I sounded like a 10 year old kid, having absolutely no bass in my voice. Didnt know about this microphone issue before hand, but being plugged directly into the controller ruled out the mic being the issue as I sounded normal again.  I had previously read about the issue with the controls not working for console, SO I looked for alternatives. Not being able to find any online really, I decided to try something, I really dont think many, if any at all have tried. I ordered a Turtle Beach PX22 Inline Amplifier, (Google this as its not sold separately on Amazon) as it had exactly what I wanted; that being sound output coming from a headphone jack into the amp, and chat from the USB. I received my unit in the mail in 2 days, plugged it all up and tried it out. The sound was great, but the microphone didnt work, so I carefully inspected the unit and it turns out the headset could not quite plug all the way into the AMP. I then ordered this as it would be small enough and boom EVERYTHING works flawlessly. This headset in conjunction with the PX22 Amp and FosPower Adapter is amazing. I can mute the microphone, control chat and game audio separately, and the PX22 amp even has bass and treble control which I LOVE. Pros: Amazing comfort - Two sets of ear cups. Sound quality is amazing, very crisp highs and lows. Build quality is great and very durable. Removable microphone. Cons: Microphone sound when using supplied USB Sound Card. All in all, great headset, well worth the money at this price, maybe even a bit under priced. Id very well pay $160 for this headset even without the USB adapter. For PS4 audio output I use a digital to analog converter, not this exact model but something very similar. . Just plug this into my PX22 amp and everything is great.
This headset is very comfortable and has good audio quality for gaming. The price on this headset makes it a very good choice for most people.
Sound quality 8/10 Excellent sound quality with average bass. Surround sound 4/10 Surround sound works but is not very fluid at all. I recommend downloading the Razor surround sound application and using that instead of the button on the control box. Comfort 10/10 This is by far the best feature of this headset. The comfort is like no other headset Ive had before. Very comfortable even after all day use. Sometimes I even forget Im wearing them lol Sound isolation 8/10 I dont even think these headphones are marketed with having sound isolation, but let me tell you there amazing for this feature. I can have my girlfriend standing right next to me yelling at me and I can honestly hardly hear her if I have game audio coming through at the same time. Very convenient. Mic 10/10 Not had any problems with the mic. Audio is very responsive without picking up background noice. Overall I highly recommend these headphones. You wont regret them at all.
Awesome snug fit, blocks alot of outside noise.  Great sound!
Little pricey so i was hesitant. Amazing sound and microphone. Friends immediately asked if I got a new mic because I sounded much clearer (keep in mind that the mic i had before wasnt cheap being a Logitech). Comfy, light and fits perfect. Only problem I have had is that for whatever reason the cord keeps twisting for whatever reason. Worth the money.
Best headphones Ive ever had.
Like many others have said, the quality and sound of the headset is superb. The headset looks like its worth more than its current selling price. I was skeptical about 7.1 surround sound being a marketing gimmick. Surprisingly, you could actually hear the difference when playing games. However, it may not be for everyone. I wouldnt recommend 7.1 for watching videos or listening to music. There is a dongle included to which you have to option to use 7.1 or 5.1. The included mic is not bad but not good either. It is definitely good enough for casual gaming. Overall, I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a headset with a fantastic sound and quality.
Gift for my son.  Yes, he requested them.  He LOVES them and is very grateful they were a gift.
Look:  Nice look without all of the flashy colors that I hate about most gaming peripherals Comfort:  They fit very comfortably and are comfortable over long periods of time.  My ears do get a little hot after prolonged use, but I think that would happen with any headset. Sound:  Sound really good.  They maybe lack a little in the bass department, but the simulated 7.1 sounds good and definitely lets me pick out direction of footsteps, gunshots, etc. Setup:  Much easier to setup than some headsets Ive had.  Windows 10 recognized them immediately and I started playing.  Didnt have to mess around with drivers or software installation which is a big plus for me.
I heard great reviews about this headset, so I got one myself. Let me tell you, it was one of the best investments for me. They even make the unboxing experience amazing. Once unboxed you get two sets of ear pieces. They are kind of annoying to switch, but once you had practice its easy. Sound quality is amazing. What really surprised me was that I could use this on my PS4. If you are thinking about buying this, you should its worth every penny.
Solid construction, good sound, mic pics up my voice loud and clear on Xbox Live. For price/performance, I dont think you can beat it. I docked it one star for no volume control, but as you must use the Xbox Stereo headset adapter with my controller anyway, its not a big deal. Would rate 4.5 if I could.
Love it
Its good.
I am sooooo happy that I bought these head phones, I have had them for about 9 months now and they show no wear what so ever. They are super noise canceling and deliver great sound at a low cost. I honestly think they are up there with Bose grade quality for only $100. Also the construction quality is amazing, it is made out of aluminum and they are super comfortable. Hands down the best headset for the money and quality!
I love these headphones. They are comfortable, I have a big head, I wear glasses, and they dont push into my head. They are durable and the sound quality is pretty good. The surround sound feature is kindof meh, but over all these are the best headphones Ive had in this price range.
hard to find a better budget headset IMO. Sound quality is great and they are very comfortable. People like to rag on the mic quality, but its actually not that bad. If you have problems with the mic having a lot of static, chances are your mother board has a bad built-in audio decoder. I thought the headset was pretty bad for the longest time, even blew some cash on a stand-alone mic, before I realized it was my motherboard. I spent 10 bucks on a separate 3.5mm to USB converter and my sound quality on VOIP has gone through the roof!
I bought these to replace my broken Logitech G430. First off, the packaging of the HyperX Cloud II was high quality like opening up a bottle of Hennessy XO. Everything was nicely packaged in foam and you knew this product was quality. The wiring is thick quality cable sleeves. The 7.1 surround sound is pretty impressive. The Microphone works wonderfully and youre able to put it in the headset when you need it so that it isnt hanging around all the time if all you want to do is listen to music. Theres a plug that goes into the microphone hole so dust doesnt get in. The fit of the headset and memory foam ear pads are really comfortable. I had these on for 3 hours without pressure to my ears or a headache. Kingston, a memory maker, making a superb gaming headset, who would of thought that?
Great headset. Definitely recommend.
Immersive and clear I am impressed. Comfortable too.. however its my first quality headset, so Ive nothing to compare.
These headphones are worth every penny. The sound quality is excellent, and it comes with everything you need (including travel pouch). They look/feel really nice too...they dont have that bulky, cheap plastic look at all. Theyre extremely comfortable, which is pretty important to me with all the migraines I deal with. Ive tried a few gaming headsets now, and these by far are the most comfortable. Probably your best value for the price.
had for 5 months, they still look and feel brand new. very high sound quality.
Great headset quality for less than $100. They are very well made as well as packaged. The box even includes a mesh fabric carrying bag. Easy to set up and use - plug and play surround head phones are great. Extremely comfortable even for people with somewhat large heads...could stand to be a bit bigger I suppose but its hard for me to complain because I think they will be perfect for the vast majority of users. Sound quality is fantastic. I havent had issues with the mic yet bUT thats the most common issue Ive read about...some of the highs sound maybe a bit too tin-ee and the bass could have a little more oomph but the clarity makes up for it. Obviously with headphones youre never going to get true 7.1 but these things come as close as one could reasonably hope.
Extremely comfortable to wear for hours at a time.  Sound is very good for the price.  They are certainly marketed as a gaming headset, and they are great for that purpose.  They lack the high frequency response you would expect for music.  That isnt a knock on them in my opinion since they are not marketed as audiophile headphones, but it is worth noting.  I liked them enough for myself that I bought a second pair for my son.  I use them with a PC.  He uses them both with his laptop and with the PS4. The build quality and packaging are excellent.  I cant speak to the quality of the mic, since I havent used it much.
Oustanding cans for gaming exceeding in quality in relation to the amount you will spend.  Nothing touches the excellence that is the Astro A50 in my opinion, but they are never on sale, so be prepared to drop $300 for that luxury.  The HyperX Cloud 2s on the other hand can be seen for as low as $70, provide a very enjoyable experience, especially if you are attempting to wet your whistle in audiophilia.
Owned them for nearly 2 years now, easily the most durable and quality"gaming" headsets Ive owned. Only thing thats broken is the clip on the inline USB Audio Card, but thats not a big problem.
loved it
Im usually very picky when it comes to headsets, Ive had 20+ gaming headsets since 2010. This is by far my favorite! The build quality is amazing, I can wear it for hours without any discomfort. The 7.1 surround sound is phenomenal! If youre looking for a new headset look no further! As a nerd, and gamer, I can say this is the perfect headset for almost any gamer!
This headset is really nice.I usually dont say that about headsets.I always bought turtle beaches but found these and wanted to give them a try.Im so glad that I did.Their really light that you cant event tell your wearing them.The build is real nice and they look really good. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B014H2YSEK/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&th=1 I paired them with this product and their amazing together.For the money their a excellent headset.No this is not a sponsor review.
I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loves them. They are comfortable, and the audio quality is fantastic. The voice comes through the microphone so clearly. He also loves that there is a switch/buttons to change the volume for both the microphone, and the headphones. I would highly recommend these to anyone who enjoys gaming. Cannot beat it! Also, the product was packaged very well and came neat and on time. I opted for the free shipping, and it was at my doorstep in 6 days.
Very comfortable headset with great sound quality, even for music! Build quality is very high and mic is pretty good too. For the money, there isnt a better option out there!
The person bought this for really liked them.
This headset is amazing, I had no problem wearing it for many hours. Build quality is top notch, mic quality is top notch(according to my friends I play with), comfort is amazing and the noise cancellation is unbelievable. However, for me I prefer a headset with mic monitoring(where I can hear myself talking) so I dont end up screaming at my friends. This is an amazing headset, just isnt what I need.
Worth the 99 dollars! sound is super loud! 7.1 is automatic at a push of a button, and is crisp and clear.
One of the best gaming headsets I have use. The microphone and speakers are great quality. The metal head band is nice and holds its shape well. I use my headset for 8+ hours some days with no problems. I only have 2 cons for this headset, cant replace the cable connected to the headset and cant change options like microphone volume levels in windows.
Husband bought these to replace an old broken headset (different brand). It took some getting used to going from wireless to cord but other then the cord he says works great/ better and very comfortable
Very comfortable. Nice heavy construction, while still being very comfortable to wear. Sound is great for movies and music. Absolutely fantastic sound for gaming. I can hear footsteps from quite a distance in games. Mic seems to be very good quality, but may be a bit quiet unless you get it positioned just right. I dont think you will find a better headset for the money!
amazing headphone
These things sound great and are super comfy. While these are not for audiophiles, they sound pretty solid. One of the only pairs of headphones/headsets Ive been able to wear for a prolonged period of time without having a headache.
Worth the $100. Very comfy and sound is excellent
Wonderful headset! Comfortable for hours of gaming with great sound quality! Doesnt seem to work well with volume settings on ps4 but that can be adjusted in the console or game. For the price I couldnt be happier with this headsets performance.
Amazing headset. Great sound quality, light and comfortable.
Second pair I bought because Im ruff with my things. It hold up nice you can smash it on your desk and throw it across the room quite abut before it goes to headphone heaven. Sound quality is the best out of any headset I have tried and own. Comfy good for long gaming sessions nothing to big for complaints I mean it comes with extra ear padding a nice carry bag  though I wish I could put the mic on both sides but I feel like thats not such a big deal just personal preference. All in all 10-10 would smash headphones again.
I have a pair of $300 Astros and I much prefer these over them.
Just got it early and shipped fast even though I used free shipping and it arrived on a sunday which is awesome. Feels like im listening to music through a cloud. So comfy.
The 7.1 Surround Sound is Great. I love the Detachable Mic and versatility that I have to use these headphones on any platform.
Its an excellent gaming headset. The sound is very good and the microphone seems to work very well too. My only real complaint is that there is no "sidetone" from the mic into the speakers. (You cant hear yourself speak). Other than that, the headset is quite comfortable to wear over long periods, and it has a nice, long cord that does not get in the way and offers good freedom.
Fantastic headset, I am happy with my purchase.
Great headset. Use it for pc and console gaming. Comfortable and good sound quality. Give it a solid 4/5 stars because I think very few things are worthy of 5/5 stars
Perfect for true gamers!
Very good sound quality
I have been using some other brands of headsets that cost in the $20-$30 range (what can I say, I cheap out on these). While they work ok to begin with, they will typically have wiring issues in the volume adjust buttons/wheels/etc. Basic soldering skills only go so far for longevity of these units. My friend finally convinced me to buy a nice headset, and after research, I decided to buy the HyperX Cloud II set. I could not be happier with my purchase. The setup for this headset takes all of 5 minutes from unboxing the equipment, assembling it, and installing it on the computer. The clarity of the microphone and the speakers is infinitely better than the cheaper sets I have used. My last set began to crackle and disconnect while in Skype, and my friends were instantly asking what I was using to produce my voice clarity (they may actually appreciate this headset more than  I do). Invest your money in a great headset that will last instead of purchasing a new $25 headset every 5 months. I highly recommend the HyperX Cloud II.
This is one of the best headsets I have ever owned. The sound is excellent, and it is EXTREMELY comfortable, they call it Cloud for a reason because the cushions are amazingly comfortable and it feels like having clouds on your ears. Unfortunately for me, however, I had to return the headset because I could not hear myself talk. When I would talk it would feel as if I were plugging my ears which makes me mess up my speech and gives me a headache. This is not the case with 99% of the people I know so do not let this discourage you from buying the headset. Anyone who needs to hear themselves speak, however, I do not recommend this headset for you.
Great heaset for csgo and other games, very comfortable for hours of gaming.
Great acoustics. The 7.1 surround sound really makes a difference. Good performance at noise cancelling.Mic also works well. Only downside is the at Windows still has old software for testing & tuning mics.
Ive never found another headset that was so comfortable for long gaming sessions. I highly recommend this headset. The sound quality and mic are great, especially for the price.
pretty great headset, comfortable, plug and play.
I decided to get these after my faithful Plantronics 780 headset fell apart after many years of use. It was held together with duct tape in multiple places. Im not a great judge of audio. These sound different. At first I thought they were worse, but I think they are just different. More treble or something. I can still hear everything I heard before. They dont go up as loud as my other headset either. According to my girlfriend the microphone sounds good though.
Best headset iv ever used, and its half then price of them.
Great all around, reliable metal hindes that dont break like too many others out there.
7.1 Not lying, it is actually 7.1 sounds, which is awesome for a FPS gamer like me, lets be honest, it is perfect for gaming, but for music listening, its just doing a fine job, not that "perfect ".
Awesome headset with great sound quality. Its very comfortable and I can wear it for hours with no discomfort. The left speaker started crackling/rattling at with lower frequency sound about 8 months in. I contacted Kingstons warranty department and I had a replacement unit in only a few days with a prepaid return label to send the defective one back. Very nice customer service.
Great feeling an love the metal bracket keeps them in place an tight on your ears cant hear any outside noise while playing great gaming headset
A great gift...he loves it!!
It went beyond my expectations. Out of the five headsets Ive owned since 2007 these are the best and most comfortable. I dont even feel them there, and I wear glasses and most headsets hurt my ears after a while. the sound quality it top tier quality.  And these are probaly the sturdiest headset if seen. Mostly metal and leather, a bit heavy but you barely notice.
I have a pair of these all ready and I love them, these headset are great for gaming!
great headphones
Incredible quality and reasonable price. Instant and noticeable change. Incredible for CS:GO but still amazing for everything else. Light enough to not cause strain on ears or head.
Holy S*** these are amazing. Seriously. fantastic. plus 7.1. Very good headset.
Comfortable, sturdy, convenient. Would recommend extending the audio connector and doing away with the DAC altogether as its quite annoying and delivers digital noise on playback.
My boyfriend absolutely loves these headphones I got him. The only thing I dont like about them is he doesnt hear my phone calls. :P
Bought for my son.  He loves them, particularly their durability and sound quality.
It worked from October 15 2015 to March 1 2016, The usb stopped working after that. I would give this a 5 star review but for 100$ I expect it to work longer than just 4 months. It was very comfortable and had good sound quality though.
Sound quality is solid if not exceptional.  The build quality is really high.  They are quite comfortable.  Mostly using it for business purposes as opposed to gaming.  The 7.1 sound seems a bit gimmicky.  In retrospect, I dont need it.
Ive had the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset for a little over a week now, and I must say that I am EXTREMELY Pleased! starting with the build of the headset, it is a solid sturdy headset and it is comforting on the head. The "Clouds" (I dont fell like saying the whole name every time) from me buying it so far has kept it shape they dont seem to have stretched along with them not Squeezing my head like rubber bands around a watermelon either. The cable is also that thread type material which i think is a wise choice on the design behalf because a big problem with gaming headsets is they begin short out it seems. It also comes with a detachable mic so if you do want to use the headphones for something other than spazzing out on your teammates for letting you die. You wont have to look Cray Cray with that Mic hanging off. So it will be okay to use these at the gym or on the bus. There is only one thing i do not like and out of all the Problems a mic can give you this is pretty much nothing because most mic are this way now. I use this mic for my ps4 and it is convenient to plug the mic directly into the controller but with doing that there is no mute function so if you do decide to use the controller jack instead of the USB you will not be able to mute the mic.. Other than that little thing these are 100% perfect. no exaggeration.
Is very 
awesome sounding headset for the price with a good microphone
Best headset at price point. Better than some $160 headsets Ive used
Great headset. I switched from the g930, never getting a wireless headset again, and got this one. I was debating on whether or not to get this or the razer Kraken and I watched some video reviews and decided to get this one. I do not regret it at all. Its not a cheap headset but good headsets arent usually cheap. I got the g230 headset after the g930 because it had issues and I wanted a cheap headset that was wired and it did not work well. Pros: - Comfortable ear muffs and headband - Great audio - Great mic quality - Detachable mic in case you use a studio mic, I use the mic with the headset and it works fine - Cable to connect to PC is pretty long so if your PC isnt close it should be fine - ability to change between 5.1 audio and 7.1, its noticeable in game but not much else so if you want to watch a youtube video in 7.1 its not really noticeable but the 5.1 is still fine - Audio and mic volume adjustable on the cable that you use to connect to PC - headset comes in a beautiful box, shows that the producers actually care for the consumers I guess - Price, I put this in both pros and cons because I would probably pay more, not $300+, for this quality of a headset. Reason why its a con might be because it might be too pricey for some people Cons: - Cable that connects to PC kinda gets messy like earphones do after a while when you put them in your pants but its not that bad just shorts a little bit to where the cable might rub against your arm and the cable is scratchy because of the covering - Price, I put this in both pros and cons because I would probably pay more, not $300+, for this quality of a headset. Reason why its a con might be because it might be too pricey for some people
Ive got a large head and finding a comfortable fitting set of headphones has been difficult. The HyperX Cloud II headset has been perfect! I love that I can use it across multiple devices quite easily, and the noise isolation and comfort of the memory foam is just genius. The sturdiness from using metal parts and not cheap plastic bits is also a bonus!
Excellent great sound.
You can read all about the reviews about this product everywhere so I dont have to talk about the. I did my research today: 7 people online recommended this as the #1 gaming headset that I read. Its understandable. This headset is quite the feat for a $100. Its got plug and play USB capability that you can use, or you can go analog and use the 3.5mm by itself. It comes with 2 cloth ear pads in case the bundled leather ones arent your style. The headset is super sturdy and can stretch for even the biggest melon. There is volume control for mic volume and game volume as well as a mute switch on the wire itself when plugged in via usb. Its got very good base. I have played Battlefield 4, Final Fantasy XIV, and Dead Realm with it since the last 24 hours I have had it. It sounds quite decent. The noise cancellation is on point. The leather lightly cups your ears so it isnt uncomfortable, but just enough to block most sounds around you. I can barely hear my keys click on my mechanical keyboard as I type this and only the hum from my 2 pcs are leaking through. I didnt even hear my roommate come home earlier. The headset is built really well and meant to last. Its downfalls are only in comparison to the previous Turtle Beach PX5s I used to own. Its hard to live in a 1 bedroom shack when you are used to living in a mansion. I became so used to on-headset controls that it feels weird reach down for the cord every time I need to turn my game sound down. The sound itself is very muffled, 7.1 makes everything sound so much worse to me and makes it much harder to hear where people come from and ups the bass tremendously. I would believe this comes from the USB drivers. It might sound a lot better coming from a pc with programmed digital surround. I will update on that later when I try it plugged into my motherboard. The microphone sounds terrible and has no side tone without using windows "listen to device" that I have found. For some, this may be a problem. Not for me as much. But listening to myself, the microphone could be a lot better. Its detachable, though, so you can use an external microphone just fine. There isnt a way to separate game sounds from voice chat sounds, or bluetooth, or an easy way to hook your phone up to take a call. There is no rack to hold the headset while animals run rampant in your room. It does come with a nice mesh carrying case though. Overall, I am very happy with this headset. However, I am used to a higher standard with add-ons, so I am going to try out the Astro A40 trs. I know there are a plethora of other headphones that will pair well with an external mic, but the Astros have everything I need and apparently sound great. I havent actually used the headset nor have I entered a sponsorship with Astro to market them. (exactly what someone who WAS marketing Astro would say!) Honestly, this is a great headset. If you have a low budget and you want to run with the big boys and can stick it out with the features, forget about spending more! These are it. I just gave it minus a star because its not perfection for its price. They really could have spent a couple more resources on a better mic.
Great product
I really like it. The quality on it is top notch. I thought it was gonna be more on the cheap plastic but its metal! or so it feels like. Comfy cup around my ear. Only downside is the mic sound quality isnt that great.
Outstanding Headset for CSGO and general
PC User here: + Great packaging + Comfortable to wear, I have a large head ): + Good sound quality for a headset mic + Sturdy design, great use of materials to combine comfort able stability + Detachable mic - Its very difficult to interchange the ear pads included. - The cord gets tangled easily, it is very long. (Maybe thats a + for someone?) - Audio control box lacks configuration options, I dont use it much for this reason. Overall, very happy about this purchase. I moved from the Siberian Frost headphones and those were very comfortable. Sound quality is great, design is solid and durable.  Not really a fan of the audio control box that is located half way down the wire, maybe that is oriented towards the console users but I opt to use other audio software and controls through Windows.
Got these for my son for Xmas for his PC Gaming and he absolutely Loves them!! Also bought the Acrylic Stand for them. It works great too!
The build quality is amazing and they sound fantastic! I have used these for 3 years (with extremely heavy use) and only now have I experienced any issue with them. However, I dont fault the product at all and I am buying them again. These were worth the price back when I got them at $170, and now that these are under $100 it is foolish to even look at other headphones.
I just like them, I cant tell you much about the sound, but this thing is really comfortable and the bass and vocal is like coming for 2 defferent sides and I liked that. The packaging, to mention, is really awesome.
Absolutely fantastic headset for the price, just wish their was an inline muter
I love my new headset! its comfy, good mic, and the sound is great. Only problem I have with it is that I can not hear anything in the background. If my dad wants to shout upstairs to tell me something I cant hear him. Otherwise, great headset
Where to begin. Package arrived on time as always, thanks Amazon! Here is my in-depth review of this product, Only reason Im doing this review is because it would be an injustice to anyone looking to buy their next gaming headset and pass on this due to lack of a great review. Packaging: 10/10 -Came in an easy to open box, completely surrounded by foam and protected. Packaging was high quality and it didnt feel like those cheap headsets you can buy and have to struggle to remove your headset and cords from the hard to open plastics. Presentation was fantastic, accessories easy to access. Headset comes with its own special carrying case, Microphone can be detached to avoid damage while transporting, Comes with an adapter and cord is a two piece assembly to help reduce pull on headset cord. (No one likes it when the cord gets loosened from the headset and you start having sound connection quality issues! Comfort: 10/10 -This is HUGE for me, I wear glasses with a thick frame, my last headset (Turtle beaches) would press the frame into the temples of my head and after 10 minutes this would be extremely painful and give me headaches. I would have to tilt the frame of my glasses up high enough that the ear covers of the headset were not pressing against them. While they were comfortable they did not form to the frame like this headset does. I cant even describe how happy that makes me. Extremely comfortable and forms to the frames of my glasses, giving me an extremely comfortable gaming experience. This reason alone made this headset 5 starts 10/10 in my head. But im not done yet. Styling and Materials: 10/10 - Steel Frame, soft touch materials, forming memory foam like materials on the ear cover, stylish stitching along the top of the headset with the HyperX logo EMBROIDERED into the material. Attention to detail on this headset is BAR NONE! My turtle beaches Im sure were not the top of the line, but it used a plastic frame that under enough pressure could snap. Not that anyone abuses their headsets but I promise you these HyperX headsets are less breakable. On to some very important qualities.... Functionality: 10/10 - So appearance aside, I was already impressed, this blew me away. 7.1 Surround sound capable at the push of a button, separated mic volume and in game volume controls, sliding semi-lock muting function switch in an easy to use mechanism with a clip! (No more dangling cords or rolling over the excess cord on the floor and having my head pulled downwards!) Noise cancelling feature to block everything from the environment. Less playback issues, I can have a youtube video BLARING into my headset and none of my buddies on teamspeak or skype can hear a single peep. This headset does not pick up background noise at all!!!!!!! Sound quality is good enough for what I use the headset for. Whew! Not sure what else I can cover for everyone. Overall Im extremely impressed with this headset and very pleased with my purchase, I would buy this headset 10x over again and again. The ONLY con I can think of, is that the high end musical quality of this product is not up to par for anyone listening to deep tone bass songs, dubstep and the like, you will not get the quality of Bass other headsets can provide. That being said it makes sense that a headset that is DEDICATED for music would outperform this headset Musically. However doing the base boosted tests, it performs well 9/10, just not up to par with the rest of itself. This headset will beat any other product out there for what it was meant for, Gaming. Period! Buy this headset!!! Nuff Said.
Had to upgrade my headset so I decided to get this headset. Huge difference in sound quality and comfort. The cups are a pain to change but its cool how they give you a choice depending on your needs. Other than that, putting them on makes me feel like i have pillows pressed against my ears. Very nice. The only problem is that i have a somewhat big head and the cups dont extend to the optimal length for me. Other than that, really good headphones
After the Logitech G35 7.1-Channel Surround Sound Headset, this is bliss. The logitech had an issue with the left speaker, it had a constant low volume high pitch sound whenever the mic was on. Same issue with the replacement as well. And finally after a few months of using at home, it broke! This on the other hand has clear sound, much better bass, no noise, and the headphone really looks sturdy. The control box is better as well, has mic volume, and is more stylish. Comes in an excellent packaging, and also with a pouch to carry it if you want. It looks like a one time expense :)
I bought these headphones based on a recommendation from Linus Tech Tips. I have not used the microphone so I have nothing to say about that. I think the sound quality is great. The bass really shines without overpowering the treble. The virtual 7.1 surround sound is great for games, TV shows, and movies. Not so much for music. As far as comfort, I found them very comfortable, but my ears got slightly warm after wearing them for a long period of time. Im guessing this is common for over the ear headphones like this.
Great sound quality and great comfort
Really comfortable and easy to use. Sound quality is great.
Excellent sound quality and features.  My only complaints: cord is too long for my setup and ears do get sweaty with extended use.
Fantastic headset. Great sound quality, and microphone works great. If you dont need it, the microphone is removable. Has options for USB and audio input jacks. The base earcups hurt my ears, but the headphones come with an alternate set that is much softer. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to upgrade their headset.
Great product. Microphone is a little low quality and the wires cant handle too much or they start to wear down fast. The headphones are great and the simulated 7.1 Surround Sound is impressive and even helpful in games.
These are the best cans I have ever worn.
Extremely comfortable. The mic is actually good despite what people say here.
All in all a pretty solid product. I had to send one pair back as they had feedback you would expect from a $10 pair of earbuds which wasnt alright. But my replacement is really nice. Comfortable to wear and quality sound output.
I bought these for my wife in February (its now April 27th) since she was using my old Sennheiser PC350 headsets that recently finally died after 7 years of constant use. She acknowledges she got spoiled and wanted a similar pair but I told her our budget was tight. I wasnt about to dish out $200+ on a comparable headset. So I did a lot of researching around for what was on the market since Im an audiophile to heart and have my own cans Audio Technia-700s with a Mod-Mic attached to it. Comfortability and Audio quality were the primary consideration for this headset. Shes disabled and her computer is essentially her social life. She needed a headset that she could wear for 12+hrs a day without it constricting her head or ears and these babies definitely do the trick. I was impressed with them since Ive stayed clear from "Headsets" for a good 5 years now just because the price hike for the combination of a microphone and audio quality of the cans were always sub-par compared to getting a independent mic and independent set of cans. I never heard of HyperX before but it seems the recommendations were pretty spot on. I would definitely continue the recommendation if you want a good quality headset. 9/10
Love these headphones. Great bass, mids, and highs. Extremely comfortable. Half the time I forget I have them on. Braided cords and detachable mic add to an already great product.
5th star is held back because the company will NOT sell you a replacement microphone.  You better not lose the one that came with it like I did, or youll just have some awesome headphones.
They work great!  Much better then expected.  I got them primarily for use with my Nvidia Shield TV Console.  They work well plugged into the controllers and into the Shields USB.  I do have to speak a little louder to do voice commands, but I think that would be a good trade off so the mice would not pick up background noise, during game play.  All in all, it is also my very best headset.  Very versatile.  I do recommend.
My son loves his headphones! Had an issue almost a month to the day we got them where the piece that holds the metal onto the earcuff broke. Called Kingston customer service, who are absolutely wonderful, and they agreed they needed to be replaced. They sent a fedex shipping label to ship the broken set and 10 days later he has a new set! Very comfortable for long gaming periods. We cant hear the games. He says that he can only hear us if we are close to him. Very glad we decided to get these.
They was a great buy so far so good my husband uses them all the time.
The first and foremost quality to this headset is the comfort. I seriously cant believe how comfy they are. They rest against my head with what feels like minimal pressure, a problem Ive often run into with headsets in general after extended use. On top of the extremely cozy feel, they sport some good audio as well. Not the BEST audio that you can get, but in the price range, I dont believe that these can be beat. They do lack virtual surround sound like some of its competitors when you play on consoles, but their stereo output is nicely balanced and clear. On PC, a USB adapter -- a small, external sound card -- is included that features volume and mic mute controls and also scales the audio up to a 7.1 virtual surround sound configuration that still sounds fantastic. As primarily a console gamer, however, plugging these directly into the bottom of your controller via 3.5mm jack (you need the updated Xbox One or the stereo headset adapter for it to work on that platform) is convenient and hassle free. On my PS4, I notice that I get some brief audio cut-outs from time to time, but I believe thats because the PS4 may have weak bluetooth audio signal from its controllers? Im not 100% sure why it occurs, but I experience no such issue on Xbox One or my PCs, so I know its not the headset itself. Otherwise, they sound great across all platforms. The mic is detachable, and I enjoy not having to have it in my field of view when I play single player games. None of my friends online have complained about the mic clarity or volume, so I imagine it works just fine. Visually I think this headset looks alright. Its not visually displeasing but its not as eye-catching as many headsets or even straight-forward headphones out there these days, but the actual raw performance and comfort that they provide for the price is what comes front-and-center to me, and they deliver above and beyond what I expected when I made my purchase based on existing positive reviews!
Excellent  love these. Greatest Ive owned.
Great sound, Microphone is great everyone can hear me, great build design, sturdy, cant recommend enough. UPDATE!!!!!! The headphones still work flawlessly but in only one ear, easy problem to fix but annoying
Absolutely worth every penny
I am primarily a console gamer, Xbox one. I have tried a few different headsets including the Stereo headset made by Microsoft, Afterglows, and high end turtle beach. I have to say that the HyperX II is hands down the best headset I have ever had the pleasure of owning. The sound is great, the mic is crisp and the best part is they are so lightweight you hardly notice them on your head even after long gaming sessions. The build material is solid (aluminum) and sleek which is a nice change from the mostly plastic build of Turtle Beach and the like. There is no doubt that this headset will last a very long time, and even better is backed by a 2year warranty from Kingston. I can say that Kingston has really knocked it out of the park with this one! ProTip: No mic monitoring was a concern for me as I tend to play late at night and dont want to wake anyone up. I ended up purchasing the Turtle Beach adaptor for the Xbox One which has mic monitoring built in and it works like a charm. The adaptor paired with the HyperX II is an unbeatable combination and a setup I plan to use until Kingstons next headset release!
Lacks the ability to change some settings which is a pain. Particularly the lack of ability to change the dB levels.
Over the years I have purchased many different sets of headphones.  I have to say, these are defiantly my favorite "budget friendly" pair.  I use these in many different scenarios, gaming on the PS4, music at work, and of course gaming on the PC.  My friends are happy with the audio they receive from the mic and Im quite happy with the audio I am getting from them and the game.  While wearing these, I can barely tell they are on my head. They exceeded my expectations. The added accessories are great too. The carrying bag is great for traveling in between work and home.  I love that the mic detaches as well. To wrap it up, this is a solid set of head phones that I would recommend to anyone.
Great fit! Great sound! Mic is fantastic!  Great gaming headset for the price, !!
This headset is very comfortable and the sound quality is good as well. I have used these continuously for hours at a time and really dont feel much discomfort wearing them.
Amazing headphones, would buy again in a heartbeat!
My first real gaming headset. Absolutely wonderful sound. Couldnt be happier with my purchase. Very solid yet comfortable design.
Awesome
I have been using this for a couple of months now, and wow is so comfortable. I have them on for about 3 hours and not once I feel uncomfortable. Amazing sound and built quality.
My gamer son loves these headphones.  The ability to disconnect the microphone is spectacular and the noise cancelling is amazing.  I cant believe how reasonably priced this high quality set of headphones are.  A+!!
I have owned these headsets since mid-December. I use them for multiple purposes, but the main purpose is for gaming on my PC. I play games such as, RB6 siege, Far Cry 4 and ESO. They increase my involvement into the game. Once I turn on the Virtual 7.1 I can hear everything, from where foot steps are, where they are going, if there is a certain noise in the distance and even when the characters talking in the distance. They are super comfortable, the leather is just so refreshing to put on and the velour, makes me understand why it is called the Cloud 2s. The mic is super clean sounding (according to other people telling me). I love the dongle, it helps so much when it is late and I have to whisper to just turn up my mic sound so others can still hear me fine, and the volume control helps me expand the noise distance that I can hear. Overall a great product!
I use these with my PS4 and they are excellent. Quality built, clear sound, and very comfortable. I havent been able to find a better headset for the price!
Great build quality, I was worried the Metal sections that hold the earcups would be flimsy/thin they are not, The metal used is about the thickness of a quarter and appears very strong. The cups themselves are also shelled in metal. I was worried the detachable mic might fall out or feel cheap due to its removable nature. It is not after connection Ive had no issues adjusting the mic itself, nor is it loose in any way. The cable itself is fabric wrapped like other top end gaming cables and quite thick. I plugged the headset directly into the Xbox One controller Stereo adapter for the added mute functionality that gives. Unlike my previous Turtle beach corded headset The Cable itself does not have a mute option, nor is it powered. Also  using the headset in the fashion did not allow me to hear my own voice as the other set did.  Ive not changed the ear cup pads yet as the attached faux leather is soft and does not cause the skin around my ears to sweat.  I wore them comfortably for an extended Saturday gaming session of 5 hours or so without issue. Ive not used the longer cable with the control pod that connects to my computer as of yet.  Overall very pleased with this purchase Highly recommend to other Xbox One gamers. Just keep in mind you will need the new controller with the 3.5 connection or the xbox one controller stereo adapter.
Good product. I had to return it due to the fact that it didnt have a gaming mute button. It wouldve been perfect otherwise.
They are great headphones, work on my Xbox one! Going on 6 months and still no complaints so far.
My grandson loves the fit and feel of this handset.
As a user, these headphones dont deserve a one-star rating. The quality and comfort this headphone provides are amazing. Its perfect when using voice chat and cancels background noise.
Extremely comfortable, mic has great sensitivity and is detachable!  The sound is nice too, wish I could get the 7.1 surround (sounds great either way) and controls to work through my XBox One, but it works fantastic for my PC Gaming.  Also, the price point for the solid build is truly worth the purchase.
Im thrilled by this purchase. I dont often feel as though I got more than what I paid for, but this was one of those times. Full disclosure, I ordered this headset on Black Friday at a >50% discount which might be influencing my perception of value.  I have used this headset for gaming, phone calls, and music, and have had absolutely no complaints. The ability to use this headset on my PC, PS4, and cell phone is awesome.  The standard plug is a 3.5mm jack that has a separate, add-on USB adapter with controls for mic volume, headset volume, and toggles the 7.1 surround sound. The audio quality is spectacular.  Rich bass, crisp highs, and mostly satisfactory mid-range. There is a slight degree of distortion to mid-range sounds in my opinion, but nothing that isnt either easily overlooked, or helped by an equalizer. My favorite aspect of this headset has to be the comfort.  Honestly, its more comfortable than wearing no headset at all. The adjustable, padded top band sits comfortably, distributing the weight of the headset very evenly.  The ear pads are softer than the pillows on my bed, and a fabric ear pad replacement is provided if you dont want to use the default "leather" ones.  By nature of being a headset, your ears can get rather warm after a few hours of use, but is by no means a complaint against the product. All told, this headset is incredible and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
I hate headphones, these are the only headphones I have ever liked, they are light, they are clear and I dont mind having them on for long periods of time.
So I was eyeballing these for a while and when Black Friday came around I snagged Red Cloud IIs for $69!! Great deal right? This headset rivals even my bose headphone sound quality, Mic quality is excellent as well. Comes with a nifty Carrying bag and the Cloud IIs are pretty compact when collapsed to the smallest setting! They really do feel like clouds on your head. Really comfortable even for someone who wears glasses (me) . Headset requires some breaking in and getting used to the clamp strength but that isnt a problem!! Note: this Headset is well built! Also Packaging was super!  Would totally recommend this to anyone looking for a solid, quality headset!
Excellent headphones. Comfortable and soundproof
After purchasing a Logitech headset that broke in 2 months, I decided on doing some research to finally settle on the HXC2.  Hands down the highest quality sound Ive had in a headset, and I was gullible enough to buy Beats. Seriously, if youre a gamer, this is the set for you.  Who needs Wall-Hax when you can hear your enemy scratch his nose from Sweden.  Theres even rumors that this headset increases your headshot percentage by 36%!  De-Ranking?  Hear your team cursing at you in AWESOME 7.1 Surround sound.  Smurfing?  You will be able to hear every report then enemy team throws your way.  And dont think I forgot about all you sqeakers out there... This mic enhances the Sqeakiness 10 fold.  You will be muted before you finished loading windows.  No questions asked. Honestly, dont pass it up.  This headset is seriously awesome.
Good.
Amazing headset.  Couldnt be happier with this product.
Took me a while but i finally ordered a pair of these. Never owned a gaming headset before but was excited to try one out, this one was not only budget friendly (compared to other high end headphones) but had great reviews. After receiving them I gotta say, just opening the packaging gives you a good indication of what kinda product this is. A high quality, well constructed, and awesome sounding set of headphones. The brushed aluminum looks awesome and feels premium, detachable mic is convenient, and the color scheme looks great. Highly Recommended to anyone looking to upgrade, or anyone curious about trying out a gaming headset for the first time, you wont regret it.
Great headset! Good bass and sound quality. 7.1 surround sound is very clear and good. Works with everything I tested it with (PC/PS4/Phone)
My son loves it. Best headset for gaming.
Awesome headset and it does do 7.0 on PS4, look on YouTube for tutorial. The noise cancellation is awesome I guess i crapped my pants and didnt even hear it , I thought maybe the dog farted because he ate baked beans. Nope I pooped in my pants and didnt even hear it,thats how good these are.
this is a great set of head phones enjoy them a lot
Quality craftsmanship hands down.  I have zero complaints about these with my elite controller on XB1.
Headphone version of wall hacks
Earcups seem to fall off quite easily. Mic every now and then stops working. Might just be mine but overall great comfortable good sounding headset.
The first thing I noticed when I received this was the care in packaging. The box was very heavy cardboard and each part was compartmentalized in heavy foam, always a good sign of a quality product. I had switched over when my Logitech G430 had died, this headset felt much sturdier being anodized aluminum frame rather than the previous plastic. I also immediately switched out the pictured black plastic ear muffs with the included black and red cloth ones, which is kind of a pain in the rear to do, but shouldnt take more than 5 minutes. The sound is ENORMOUS, when watching youtube videos (I plug the jack directly into my front computer headphone jacks, as the included 7.1 USB volume adapter does not work on my DELL Inspiron) I have to lower the volume on the video volume to 1/8th level or Ill blow out my ears. You will forget that you even have these on as they dont crush your head. Great, great headset for gaming or general use as the mic just unplugs from the ear cup.
Getting my laptop to work with it took a minute or two, but once configured--wow.
i bought this is the dual intentions of using this as a headset where i work at a call center sitting on the phones for 8 hours a day and have a solid headset for gaming while off of work. long term comfort is a must which this product surpassed my expectations with comfort. the included leather cushions block noise a little more great for the pack 150 man call floor, ii am able to clearly hear my customer on the line and they are able and report that i have been the best sounding rep they have spoken to. the package also includes felt cushions for more of a clothe feeling which is great. they do however leak sound more than the leather cups which is expected. The frame is built robust with aluminum showing hold the cups in place without any give so the cups feel secured and the band is wrapped in leather or the false leather not too sure though wear and tear will tell the difference between the two. the phone system at work is an avaya 1612 and the adapters i have purchased with this headset work great.
Wonderful sound of the price. It also is very comfortable for long gaming sessions. The aluminum construction wont let you down because of its relative lightness while still being malleable and of solid construction. Only problem is that the cable bunches up and is nearly impossible to straighten out sometimes. It is little more than an inconvenience. Product is well worth the money.
Headset is amazing. The 7.1 virtual surround sound USB adapter however was broken when i recieved it. Ive learned to live without it though. 4/5 from me.
This pair of headphones are some of the absolute best I have ever experienced. The USB dongle is nice for PC gaming since I clip it to my chair and can change the sound level on the fly so I dont blow my ears out when I dont know its too high. The 7.1 virtual surround on the dongle is ok, but I dont use it very much since I use another 7.1 virtual surround sound software on Windows. The only reason I have it at 4 stars is its lack of inline control for when you use it with your media device like my LG G3, which I do constantly. Its very nice to have that when you want to change the song when you cant take out your phone or need to answer a phone call. The sound is perfect, despite my personal opinion of small lack of bass. Other than that, the sound quality couldnt be better. Like the name suggests, it feels like a cloud on your head. The oversized earcups perfect cover my huge ears, which many other headphones fail to accomplish. Overall, I couldnt be more happy with these headphones.
I bought some PX4 Turtle Beach headphones for my PS4 a while back, they were good but I wanted something better. Now finally I have found some as advertised quality gaming headphones for my PS4, these things are awesome, great looks, sweet packaging, extremely comfortable, awesome sound , great quality and easy set up. The gaming sounds are fantastic, I would recommend these hands down. If you have a PS4 and want some great headphones you need to check these out !!!
Great headset for cheap and way better then a plastic pair of turtle beaches that arent that comfortable.
Good sound, and quality built
Ive had it for a few weeks and its been absolutely wonderful so far. Comfortable for long periods of time, excellent sound for music and games, and pristine sound recording. The dongle is moderately useful, but a feature I didnt realize when I ordered the product, is that the dongle and usb cord can be detached leaving a 3.5mm headphone adapter so the headset can but connected to a phone if necessary, although the booklet says "7.1 surround" is only available with the usb connection.
Love it I use it for my Pc and xbox1 and my ps4 love it.
I use these with my game consoles, and they work and sound fantastic! very crisp and clear sounds. The mic is fantastic and sharp. Highly recommend these unless you really want to spend $200+ for some reason.
A high quality gaming headset, sturdy and comfortable.The HyperX Cloud II headset replaced a Turtle Beach PX-22 set that broke after 3 months because of plastic parts at the stress points.  The HyperX is made of solid lightweight aluminium and soft faux leather earpieces (with optional soft fuzzy ones).  I love the dual control (volume/microphone).  I highly recommend the HyperX Cloud II Headset for those wishing to get what they pay for.
Ive tried several different branded gaming headsets over the years but this one is the best in my opinion. Comes with another set of cushioned earphones for replacement, various options to connect to your PC and sound/mic quality is extremely well done (hard to come by it seems). I have two pairs for two PCs.
The Hyper X Cloud II is the best gaming headset Ive used. Ive had others (some examples being: Razer Tiamat 7.1, Turtle Beach, etc) that are a lot more expensive and have not come close to this product My first impression when un-packaging the Headset was terrific. The packaging is so professional for just $100, and dont forget the detachable microphone. I love the 7.1 surround sound feature. Its great if you want some hardcore gaming sessions. Overall the Hyper X Cloud II is a great gaming, or just casual PC headset, I highly recommend this for anyone in the market to get you hands on a cheap but amazing quality headset.
I could not be more happy with these. Super comfortable, durable, well built, great design, sounds amazing, and mic quality is great. Cant complain about anything with these.
10/10.  Great mic, Great sound, super comfortable even with glasses and a hat.  What more could you ask in a gaming headset?  If you are looking then look no further seriously.
Was looking to upgrade from some old logitechs, settled on these after a bit of research, amazing quality, durable, solid packaging. The removable mic is cool so you can use them to listen to music in public without looking like a nerd lol. Would definitely recommend.
Amazing headset! Great clarity of sound, mic is great also, very very comfortable (I have a big head). The 7.1 mode works great for gaming. And its not expensive!
Amazing product! The 7.1 Surround Sound was amazing and really helped me determined where the attacks were coming from. Very comfortable and the noise cancellation was good too. Had a hard time hearing outside of the game because of that! ***01/23/17 UPDATE*** After having these headset for almost a year now, they are still one of the BEST headset you can get out there! Amazing!. The ONLY thing I dislike about this product....is that its a bit snug up top. After streaming or playing games for awhile, the top of the headset will eventually push your hair down so much that itll eventually stay that way. Just nitpicking, but its hard to style any hair that would look nice with this lol.
I had some wireless Logitech G930s for a year or so and finally couldnt stand the constant disconnects and audio playback issues anymore (even after getting a replacement set through warranty).  I decided to go back to wired for a more consistent connection since I pretty much only use them with my desktop machine for gaming/music. I wont go on about these too much, every other review does it the same justice.  Amazingly comfortable, nice sound quality, sleek looking and with great build quality all under $100.  The only issue I had was the crackling/popping noise when listening to softer/quieter tones through the USB interface (3.5mm wasnt affected).  This was remedied in about 10 minutes by calling Kingston support and getting a new firmware version download sent to my email (I had version 3 and got updated to 5).
You can tell just by picking up the box that this headset is made with quality materials, the headset feels solid but flexible and is really great to wear, especially for a long amount of time. HyperX really out did themselves with the Cloud II.
My son was happy with this headset.
First things first, my review of the shipping company is 0 stars. Amazon put my package in the care of USPS and they claim they delivered it, but it never arrived. I contacted the USPS and the drive who brought it was a holiday temp who thinks he might have delivered it to a house with the same number as mine, but different address. Oy. I ended up going to Best Buy and they had the same sale price as Amazon. Amazon customer support said theyll look into refunding me, but I dont know if that will happen. Anyway, this review is for PS4 users only. I dont game on PC, just on PS4, and I didnt know how this was going to function for me because all the reviews I read and watched stated that the USB box included is only for PC users. Guess what? Theyre wrong. If you plug the headphones into the usb box and then plug that into a USB port on your PS4, you get game audio and chat audio. And it sounds sooooooooo much better than what you get when you merely connect the headphones directly to the dual shock 4. The downside is the buttons on the USB box dont function. Well one button does, and its an important one - the microphone mute switch. It works, but no other button does, so youll need to access the system menu to control other volume settings. When attached directly to the controller it sounds so much better than other headphones Ive tried (Astro A50, Sony Gold, TB Stealth 400). Those are all wireless and were more expensive. They also cant compare in audio or build quality. Now as good as they sound connected to the controller, they sound much much better using the USB box connected directly to the PS4. As mentioned above not only does it give you a mic mute button but also much better audio. Ive used them on Destiny, GTA5, Fallout 4, Uncharted Collection, and also attached them to the headphone jack on my TV and used them to listen to music and movies from my Apple TV and it excelled at everything. The directionality in Destiny is superb. Youll know exactly where enemies are and where chests are located. Now on to comfort. I have a big head and these fit like a dream. Theyre so incredibly soft. Best of all, unlike the cheaply made Sony Gold and TB Stealth 400, theyre made of metal and arent going to just crack and fall apart from normal usage. If I had one complaint its that the headphone wire isnt removable. Thats a minor quibble though. If youre a PS4 gamer and you want high quality audio, get these. You can also get the Hyperx Cloud 1, which Im told are of the same quality, but they have less padding on top and they also require more wires to function, but youll get volume and mic mute buttons. Unfortunately those wont plug into the USB port on your PS4.
Im not an audiophile, but these sound great, just not sure as to how great. I wear these about 23 hours a day, I dont have earphones for sleeping. My ears never hurt unless I sleep on them wrong, then I take them off for a bit and put them back on. Friends say I sounds great over team speak. The disconnectable aux cable is great since can keep the usb connected as I take the headset to school. The Mic sounds weird to other people while on phone though. People said its like a car or static. The little audio controls is great for in bed gaming or sleeping or just too lazy to reach that far into the key board.
Ive owned a pair of for almost 2 months now.  This replaced a pair of that I purchased many, MANY years ago.  I paid around $250 for the ASTROs when I got them. The HYPERX headset is quite a bit lighter, so I can wear them longer.  The fit is snug, but not so tight that it gets annoying.  I can shake my head from side to side without them flying off.  The sound quality seems to be the same as the ASTRO, but that might be because I am using the ASTRO amp with this set of headphones.  Bass thumps my head just like the ASTRO did!. Sound quality is pretty good without the amp, but I wanted MORE volume and a physical volume knob on my desktop with fading capability between voice chat and game volume.  I think I have the perfect setup now...for the next couple of years anyway.  :-D I have a Sound Blaster Recon 3Di. Here are my settings: SBX Pro Studio: All unchecked except "Smart Volume" set to "Loud" CrystalVoice:  Everything is off because it doesnt recognize the mic. You need to set the mic level manually in Windows settings. Scout Mode: Off Speakers/Headphones: 5.1 Surround with everything checked. Crossover Frequency is default which is just a tad right of all the way left. Mixer: All default, which is all the way to the right on all sliders. Equalizer: Classical Jack Setup: "5.1 Surround and Microphone" Windows Audio Settings "Speakers: Sound Blaster Recond3Di" is set as default device. "Levels" tab: maxed "Advanced" tab: 24 bit, 192000 Hz (Studio Quality).  All boxes checked. In MusicBee > Preferences, I have Player > Output set to "DirectSound" and Sound Device set to "Primary Sound Driver". Equalizer is turned off. One change I would make to this headset is the mic.  It would be nice to have a ROTATING, detachable mic like the ASTRO does.  I would much rather rotate the mic up to get it out of my way instead of having to completely disconnect it.  I understand the mic has a flexible shaft and can be pushed out of the way, but how many times is that shaft going to take flexing back and forth before something tears or snaps?  My ASTRO mic has loosened up a little over the years, but it still stays in the position that I move it too.  I think a ratchet type rotation would be perfect for longevity. One thing I REALLY like about the controller that comes with this headset is the ability to adjust the mic volume with the cord controller.  Still trying to figure out a way to use that controller with my ASTRO amp. ;-)
Pros: - Great fit - Doesnt squeeze my head - Sounds awesome with and without 7.1 enabled on the USB sound card - Long cords when using the included USB sound card Cons: - Inline controls. These things always get caught on my chair when moving around, potentially ripping the headphones off my ears. - Headphone cord is not detachable. This is a minor issue for me, as Im used to it with my last pair of headphones but once I tried some with a detachable cord, I prefer it. Neutral: - Closed back. I thought this was a good thing at first and it really is, except when you need to hear things going on around you (people talking, etc). This is what made me decide to send them back and get the Sennheiser GAME ONE headphones instead. The Sennheisers do not have any inline controls and have an open back. - Detachable mic isnt really a necessity for me. Its nice, but Id just end up leaving it attached.
Really great headset the build quality is excellent and I actually am reminded of my main pair of V-Modas that I use all the time for basic listening. This is like my new set of V-Modas and I am very happy with this product.
Great headset.  I originally ordered the Logitech G933 and felt like it wasnt worth what I spent.  The Cloud II went above my expectations and are the best headset I have owned.
Really nice, all around great performance and seem very durable. Great sound quality. They get really hot on your head though very quickly since the ears are leather
I saw one of my favorite streamers using this headset and I decided to get one for myself. It looked amazing when it came in the mail; it was even more incredible when I put them on. The mic quality was crystal-clear and it was comfortable. I had even forgot that they were on several times. It was great for gaming. The detachable microphone only made it better. Not only that, but the headset feels like it is built with strong material and it comes with two interchangeable ear cups; faux leather or fabric. However, before you buy this headset, I have one warning: do not bend the detachable microphone so much. I dont know if this caused it but when I got home from school one day my  microphone suddenly stopped working. If youre going to buy any headset at all and not a pair of headphones, buy the HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset! Its great.
Overall great headset. Comfortability: This headset comes with a leather earpiece and also a cloth earpiece. I personally prefer the leather, but they are both great. Extremely soft and blocks sound from being heard by others around you. Sound Quality: This is missing the deep bass, but the surround sound effect is fantastic Mic Quality: After extensive testing, this mic checks out as loud and clear. Cons: Ive noticed that when Im on my Windows machine, the headset will randomly stop outputting sound. I have yet to run into this issue when using my mac. Ive also run into an issue where when using TeamSpeak people stated I sounded like a robot. This was resolved by updating my sound card drivers for my MoBo despite the fact that this headset supposedly has its on built-in soundcard. The audio seems to be a lot clearer when this device is used on a Macbook compared to the Windows devices where I hear occasional chopping. Devices used on: Ive tested this on 3 Windows based machines using Win 7 on 2 machines and Win 10 on the other. Ive only tested this on one Mac which is a 2015 Macbook Pro 15" with an i7 and 16GB RAM.
First time I have ever had a headset that wasnt 20 bucks so my experience could vary compared to other, but holy crap are these amazin. TURN YOUR VOLUME DOWN THE FIRST TIME YOU USE THEM, blew my friggin ears out. super comfortable and sound amazing.
Best headset ever!!!
Super comfortable, even wearing glasses I can game for 5+ hours and not even feel them. They are light, sound quality is amazing (I route all of the game sound and chat through them) mic is clear. Worth every penny.
The sound is Very good, works with ps4, pc and xbox. But the thing thats a real kicker is audio it is great for a head set everyone I talk to says it sounds super clear.
Love it worth every penny.
Best bang for the buck. Yes the 7.1 surround sound does work on the PlayStation 4.
Product has great sound quality and feels well put together so far. Also the ear pads were leather but came with soft fabric ones in the box that feel like heaven on my head once I swapped them. The only reasons this product gets 4 stars are as listed, 1. No voice feedback, being able to hear myself so im not yelling at my team on teamspeak. 2. Mic cannot fold up when not in use, only option it to unjack it and set it on your desk. 3. No light to show when the mic mute switch is in either position. All of these problems are quite minor but I have had all of the above as features on headsets that cost $15-20 though to be fair they did not sound as good. I would highly recommend this product any how as all my complaints are nitpicky and wouldnt turn me away should I need to buy another set.
Awesome
For PC these are awesome for console not so much as you cant control the mute or anything since it plugs into my ps4 control. Even when i used the USB it didnt respond. I recommend only for PC
Great sound. Great feel. Great aesthetic.
Comfiest headphones ive ever owned while sounding pretty good. Good highs/lows but wish their was more bass but not a big deal for most!
:)
Amazing headset, the sound is so clear, I only have a 10% of my sound and they work as if it was at 200% or so. The Mic works like a charm with the noise cancellation. The pads are very comfortable, I had a lot of headsets before and after long hours of use you get tired or your ears start to hurt, with these they dont. For me these are a 10/10.
Great headphones by themselves. Also double as a gaming headset
I do enjoy this headset a lot. I should start by saying that my expectations may have been too high for a sub-$100 headset, and I mostly use it for the Xbox, so I cant take advantage of the simulated 7.1 surround sound or echo cancellation. That being said... The presentation/packaging of the headset is stellar. It also comes with a carrying bag, which is thoughtful. The frame is sturdy and sleek, and the padding on the top is comfortable. The ear cushions are nice and soft, but I think the metal frame presses them into my head a little too much- I wouldnt describe it feeling like a "cloud" as Ive read in several other in-depth reviews. I was expecting the noise isolation to be a bit better, but its good. I have on several occasions worn the headset for 6-9 hours without getting hot. When Im not using the mic, it still sometimes feels in the way when I bend it down or to the side, but you can remove it. When resting around my neck, the ear cushions and mic are definitely noticeable, but not necessarily uncomfortable. Overall, I would give the headset 3.5 out of 5 stars, but keep in mind I havent experienced the 7.1 features. If you only play on console like I do, Id recommend the Cloud I, because it is (almost) exactly the same headset without the 7.1, echo cancellation, etc. Technically the Cloud II mic has a larger frequency range, but nothing noticeable on chat.
REAL DEAL !
awesome would recommend for any gamer and really for music also
A solidly built headset. Very comfortable and produces very good sound. Some say it is heavy but I do not have any issues with its weight.
Great headset, better than expected. They dont say it but they work with new xbox one controllers
Just got these after spending 2 weeks researching headsets online. Ive tried them on my pc and my ps4. 7.1 on p.c. is spectacular, very crisp, clean bass, and ear splitting highs. As far as ps4 goes, its even better. Sure you get awesome stereo sound if you plug them into the d.s.4, but i previously owned the sony silver wired headset and took a chance on getting a high quality stereo headset instead of a 7.1 set of turtle beaches in hopes that i would get virtual 7.1 by plugging the hyper x headset into the usb that came with the silvers. It totally paid off! Now I have an amazing headset setup with 7.1 on ps4 that rivals my $700 onkyo 7.1 surround system. So grab yourself a set of silver wired sony headsets, open the box, through the headphones in the trash and keep the usb cord, buy a set of hyper xs and enjoy gaming bliss. Oh and comfort wise, its seriously like youre not wearing anything on your dome at all. Also forgot to mention, when you plug these into the silver wired usb, you get freakin mic monitoring!
I just got this is the mail and plugged it in right away. it litterally took me 1 minute to start using this mic. THE SOUND IS GREAT. My friends noticed my voice quality was much better instantly aswell. overall im very happy with this mic and would have spent the full price for it to.  Update: After having this item for about two months ( i got it on black Friday) i have noticed that the bottom half of the chord seems to be cause my headset to get no noise at all. it happened randomly and have no idea how. i take great care of my headset and havent dropped it once since buying it. I hope there is a way i can return it and get a new one because i did really love this headset.
Wow! These far exceeded my expectations. These are quality through and through.  From the packaging to the ear pads and small touches like a very nice headphone storage bag just fabulous. They have worked great with every device I have used these with. So far, have used them with my Xbox One, Denon AVR, Kindle, Lumina Phone, Windows 10 PC, Skype and Surface Tablet. Will be trying these on a coast-to-coast flight very soon. Was on a business call and finally able to hear the conversation clearly and able to speak without need to repeat myself. Listening to a Blu-ray movie on my PC it was great to hear every background sound using the 7.1 feature. Thought it was a gimmick until I tried it and I now believe. Love these headphones. I am often skeptical of some online reviews because I dont know how the reviewers are being paid. However, these headphones kept showing up as a best bang for the buck by gaming and business websites so I gave them a try. There are more than likely better, more expensive headphones, but they would be lost on me. I am not an audiophile. I am not a musician. I like to watch movies, listen to MP3s, audio books, playing games and when not having fun, I need to be on Skype, VOIP and other conference calls.  I believe if your needs are like mine, these will fit the need. If you are an Audiophile or have an ear for music, you probably already know there better. For everyone else, these are perfect!
I love this headset and the price isnt bad either. Very comfortable and lightweight
They sound awesome but if youre buying them for the ps4 than they can be a pain..Unlike the other reviews the 7.1 works on mine just fine, You have to push the 7.1 button as soon as you turn on your ps4 for it to work..My gripe is the game or chat volume doesnt work on the ps4 so you have to go into the settings to adjust the volume.Probably doesnt bother most people but for me its annoying having to go into the settings all the time.. However, I tried them on my laptop and OMG theyre amazing..Sounds like youre in a movie theater when using netflix...So..Theyre kinda ok for the ps4...Awesome for PC
Great sound, comfortable and love the detachable mic!
I cannot even explain how awesome this headset is.  I have had many others (Microsoft Studio, Turtle Beach, Polk, etc.)  This is by the far the best and most comfortable headset I have ever own.  I love the leather cushions and I can wear these for hours and hours.  Most would get annoying after 3-4 hours, but not these.  I highly recommend these.
Its a great headset and Ive been through at least 10 different gaming headsets. The sound quality is topnotch, better than Siberia V2, Tritton and Madcatz not better then Razer Kraken or Megalodon Comfort - Its in the middle of the road in terms of comfort.  It has good padding on the top and is fully adjustable.  I take points away because I got used to using the Siberia V2 which is extremely lightweight. Quality - 10/10 the headset is very well built and does not feel cheap in any way.  It looks great and although the wiring got loose once and I lost my receipt they helped me out and replaced it within the year.
Perfect for gaming and music.Only complaint is the base is a bit loud and forces me to turn down the volume.
Excellent
Awesome sound and good (not great) 7.0 surround emulation.
Love them, sound great, mic is good. Search online to update the mics firmware though to make it that much better. USB sound card dongle makes it long enough go anywhere on your desk. the cord on the headphones themselves is moderate but not long enough to reach the back of my tower to where Im seated however I can plug it in front no problem. Depending on your audio setup(msi gaming 5 onboard here) the sound card dongle may have a better listening experience than plugging it into your computer. 7.1 is okay, really only useful in games with directional sounds such as FPS. Feels really comfortable as well, I have a larger head (fitted cap size is 7 3/8ths) and I can wear this for hours, the band does leave a imprint on my hair though which is to be expected after long use. They cups also fit completely around my big ears, both velour and leather feels great but I prefer leather. Make sure not to loose your mic plug, it comes with a bag where I keep the items I dont use. I feel semi-comfortable wearing this colorway in public so I may actually attempt bringing it on travels since it does have a airplane adapter. Great beginner headset that doesnt look tacky and good build quality. May not be worth over $100 though, there are big competitors in this bracket. Try to catch it on sale and you wont regret your purchase.
The sound is great. I received it earlier than expected. The noise cancellation is outstanding. Great for gaming. Everyone hears me perfectly fine. And they are extremely comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone.
Best headset I have ever used for the price. Build quality is like none other and the unboxing experience was phenomenal
Not the best of the best but, for the money...you cant beat this headset.
This headset is packaged and presented like a work of art, and it is. Comfortable, sleek, amazing quality throughout.
Wow, these headphones are fantastic. Was looking for headphones that would be good for both wearing for long hours and clear communication without distortion or noise. It performs both of these roles fantastically. The sound is very good, and so far dont make me miss my Audio Technica M50s. The M50s produce great sound but start to hurt my ears and head after a while. The microphone seems to be great and Ive heard no complaints from others when communicating. They seem to cancel noise and produce clear voice reproduction very well. The headphones feel great to wear as well, which was one of my big requirements. Theyre pretty much as comfortable as my PS4 Gold headphones, and Ive worn those for 8 hour raids in Destiny. Overall, I highly recommend these headphones for great sound, voice reproduction, and long hours of wear. They perform all of these roles excellently.
Best headset ive ever owned.
Works great cuts out all outside sounds. Easy installation.
Love the product awesome sound quality havnt had a problem with it so far
Theres probably nothing I can say about this headset that hasnt already been said a hundred times.  Theyre great for the price.  Im glad I spent a little more and got these over the $50-$70 options.
Im a really large person, with equally large ears, and this is comfortable for a couple hours. Much more so than any other headset Ive had. Sounds extremely clear. Not very heavy, so sometimes I forget I have them on and clothesline myself walking away from the desk. So far havent managed to break the cord or the clips though, as theyre very sturdily built.
Amazing fast and exactly what i wanted
Great headset and well worth the money.  I have bought five headsets over the last year and a half and this is far and away my favorite.  They are extremely comfortable even when worn for long times.  The USB connection works seamlessly.  I have recommended this set to my friends.
looking for a better headset around 100? you wont find one.
Great piece of headset, I highly recommend. Sounds great and has a good quality mic though the usb dongle does make a buzzing sound when its plugged in. UPDATE: They do have an update that fixes the buzzing sound at least on PC not sure about Console [...]
very comfortable and versatile. I use these headphones every day now. wonderful product at a wonderful price.
Great quality sounding headset. The only thing is that the sliding adjuster for the size feels kind of flimsy but other than that its top quality.
Sound quality is exceptional. If you are buying this to use with the microphone that comes with it dont. It crackles like crazy and it is not good. I am giving this a four star rating for thje sheer fact that the sound quality is on point.
I have extremely sensitive ears -- so finding a headset that I could wear has been a major trial.  From cheap to expensive, I couldnt use other products (even much more expensive ones) because after an hour or so, my ears would physically hurt, and I would have to take off the headset for a few days before I could use it again. Not so once I found the HyperX Cloud series of gaming headsets.  Ive been using the original HyperX Cloud for a while now, but wanted to get an upgrade that worked directly with USB.  The HyperX Cloud II is it!  It has the same fit and comfort of the original, but now comes with Dolby 7.1 USB support.  I have only had this headset for a short while, but I can use it nonstop for six or eight hours with no discomfort, and no after effects that make me dread using it again.  It is truly a joy to use, and on top of the comfort, the sound (incoming and outgoing) is marvelous. If you have comfort issues with other headsets, you owe it to yourself to try this one.  You wont regret it.
Amazing sound quality. these look bad ass and are super comfortable.
Was a perfect purchase for xbox/pc gamer.  Son is really enjoying the head set.  Quality built and very usable in both scenerios.
Amazing...
Best headphones for the price.
Just ABSOLUTELY comfortable and I personally love the sound quality. Also as a gamer this headset is perfect for long hours and just hearing those small sounds that are very important!
There is a lot to really like about this headset.  Its super comfortable, comes with swappable earcups, is made with a lot of sturdy metal parts, sounds great, and has a nice padded bag to carry it in.  However, Im not at all impressed with the mic.  I personally find that this is one of the lower-quality mics of all the gaming headsets Ive tried.  So for that Im docking it one star.  However, it is the most comfortable headset with the nicest extras Ive had.  So for that it maintains four stars.
Bought for my son, 19 who is always on the computer gaming.  He had wireless that stopped working.  We looked at wireless but decided to go with HyperX Cloud II wired.  He says they are wonderful.  The surround sound is great and they block all outside noises.  He has mentioned a popping/crackling noise every so often, mostly when listening to music.  The mic works well.
Hurts my head after while, I wear glasses.
My favorite headset I have owned.  Cancels out noise and is very comfortable for long gaming sessions.  Detachable mic is great!
Really comfortable and great sound.
Great Headphones, first time buying a pair at 100$ mark but so glad that I did. Im never going back to cheap headphones after experiencing these myself.
Son seams to like it
My kid loves it! Cool packaging. FAST delivery with our prime membership. Love that too!
Amazing headset for PS4.
Great headset at a great price.
I was looking for a good, comfortable headset with microphone for gaming and occasional music. The HyperX Cloud II is remarkably comfortable and the sound is very clear. The cable is very long which is nice to sit back on the couch, and separates from the USB control box as a standard 3.5" headphone jack to plug into my iPhone, laptop, or any other device. It is also nylon braided for extra support but doesnt make it too rigid. Cons: My only con, and why I didnt give it 5 stars, is that after 45 minutes to an hour I have to start readjusting how the headphones sit over my ears as my temples start to hurt--probably due to the tight spring tension of the headphones to keep them on your head. My sons Turtle Beach P19s are comfortable too for about 15 minutes, but the tension is even tighter than this Cloud II. I guess it forces me to take a break now and then and take them off for 5-10 minutes.
gawdam... the volume limit is louuuuud af. Get these, great for the price
Well constructed, fits beautifully, and sounds perfect. Best on the market now that the fuzz has been fixed.
Great headset - the over ear provides great noise cancellation, leakage is none in my case, and fits pretty great. I have glasses, so it pushes against the side of my head, but I cant knock a star off for that.
Very good headset with a lot of versatility
My son loves it for computer games. He says, it is very comfortable and the mic works well too. I test drove it and the sound quality was decent, comfort level was average, overall a decent product. The 5 star is from my son who uses it frequently.
My original review was as follows: "Usb port stopped conducting three months into use.  Very unhappy and Amazon does not allow return after 30 days." However, after I reported the issue AMAZON sent a replacement even though it was over 90 days.  AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!  The headphones provide the best sound and noise reduction but the failed usb port was the only complaint (this was after 90 days usage).  I believe this could just be an isolated incident and I would still recommend the purchase of this item.
These headphones are really good. I havent had any complaints about how I sound when I use the mic. The sound is really good and the bass is pretty good. Not head shaking bass but still there if that makes sense. The leather ear cups are really good at filtering out outside noise while the fabric ones let in some but if you have something that is at moderate to loud that you are listening to it will be hard to hear any outside noises. The leather ones are so good that I had no issues listening to anything while I was in an airplane. I did have to have the volume at about 50-60% instead of my normal 10-15% but to be fair where I sat on the plane was behind the engines so their sound was a lot louder than if I was ahead of them. Also with glasses the leather ones will be louder than the fabric ones when you are moving your jaw for eating or talking but in both cases it really isnt that bad. The only downside that I would say is that the headband doesnt extend as far as I would like, causing my hair (and I have pretty short hair) to become flattened where the headband sits. I do have a bigger than normal head than most (no pun intended); for example if I get a fitted baseball hat I get the 7 3/4 size and even that will get tight when my hair grows out longer than a month. Hope that helps to give some comparison to what size Im talking about.
Upgraded from the Logitech G230s and Im never going back. The mic on this works great, and the detach-ability of it is great for travel. It does have passive noise cancelling if you choose to use the leather ear cups, which are extremely comfortable. I havent tried out the other cups that come with this but they feel very nice to the touch as well. I dont play too many video games where 7.1 is necessary but I can say that they sound amazing, good bass and highs as well. One thing this headset really excels at is build quality, especially in comparison to other headsets at this price; a lot of headsets (cough cough kraken line Im looking at you, o beats of gaming headsets) will snap over time at the point where the adjustable slider meets the headband, but since this one is made of solid aluminum and the cups can pivot on dual joints attached to it there is a little to no stress on that point and b its solid metal so barring hitting it with a hammer you dont have to worry about anything happening there. 10/10 would recommend.
Cable is long enough that I can literally go to bathroom and still have headphones on and listen music while peeing. Just amazing. 10/10 would buy again.
Supremely comfortable, by far the most comfortable headset weve owned. It also has great sound quality! The mic quality is very good for the price as well. My husband has a rather large head and they still fit him wonderfully, so if that is a concern for you, these will work well! I should mention that neither of us liked the velvet cushions that came with the headset as a second option, but that is really a matter of preference.
Coming from a Logitech G930. Wow what a difference. The G930 had several issues. One was audio randomly dropping out. Eventually I got tired of this and found myself looking for a new headset. The HyperX Cloud 2 has been amazing thus far! Very light compared to the 930. The audio quality is better. IMPORTANT!! The headset came with the sudo leather ear cups attached. The bass was far too overpowering and the highs were not present. After watching this video >> [...] I replaced the leather cups with the velour cups and WOW!!! The sound is freaking phenomenal. What a great purchase for $100.
A very comfy headset the sound is clear and the microphone is clear from what my stream audience tells me.
God tier
Picked these up as a Christmas present for my 11 year old son. They were a huge hit. Great headphones and respectable mic. Well worth the purchase.
My boyfriend was very surprised to receive this headset for Christmas...he expected me to get him a decent Logitech one or something, but he was excited to get these instead. I got to play with them a little bit, and they are worth every penny! Great gaming experience for him! The packaging with really nice too.
My son loves this headset.  His only complaint is that the cords twist and tangle up and need untangling often.  Other than that, this is his favorite headset.
Great headset. I really think this is the best headset for your money. I had the HyperX Cloud original, but the comfort of these is even better. Love the added external controls for volume and microphone volume. Detachable mic is a plus when not talking to anyone. I had the Razer Kraken 7.1 before these, and these are better hands down. I am a Razer fanboy, and use all their other peripherals, but this is the best headset out. Very cool packaging and nice extras. Would definitely recommend this for any competitive gamer that wears headsets for hours on end.
works great- no problems.
Deep bass not booming, crisp highs and mids. Sounds good with music and even better when gaming
Great sound, comfortable, excellent mic. I use this to play games on PC, PS4, and on my Note 4 for conference calls and no one ever complains, I am always loud and clear.  Super pleased with this product and the price point.
Unlike their keyboard. These are fabulous! Nice bass for my classic rock and decent surround sensation for movies etc. Highly recommend.
Great headset for gaming and general use
Can not say enough about these.Great sound and design, These replaced a pair of Turtle Beach gaming headsets and are better in everyway and that is not a slam on turtle beach it is just they are better. love them.
I love this headset. Such a great mid-tier headset. Firstly its super easy to set up. Has pretty long durable cord. The sound quality is quite good for the price. The headset is super comfortable even after using for a long period of time. Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a wired headset that doesnt obliterate your bank.
I contacted Kinston tech support with about the compatibility problems with windows 10 and they provided me a link to an update that provides instructions in regards to how to fix the problem. The update updates the driver in the sound card on the "USB Dongle" https://kingston.sharefile.com/d-sc7b6e17cbc641308 Works great now on windows 10 Great customer support in walking me through the fix.  Very clear instructions are also typed up in a PDF that comes with the update.
Just get it!!! Very good quality! I was amazed. The Best chose. I love the way they look, better that any video until you see them your self. Sound nothing I aver have before.Shipped and delivered on time. I am very happy!
My son said hed give them five stars. He uses them all the time. Says the surround sound is "pretty cool."  Fit is comfortable. Microphone is decent 4/5 for a headset.
sound good wear comfort good enough
Best headset out there! I have a set of Astro A-40s and these Hypers are pretty close.
My son loves it for gaming
Mic quality is really good. The sound quality is also good however I would not recommend it for cs. With the surround sound activated, AWP shots and deagle shots are hugely exaggerated and deafening. I have to play with the surround sound off and the volume quite low. Other than that its perfect.
Comfortable, amazing sound, durable wire and controller. Highly recommended.
Picked these up about a month ago at a foreign country for a good price So far so good, no crackling or popping noises like some other users experienced. Pros: Great sturdy metal construction By far the most comfortable headsets Ive worn, memory foam is nice and soft USB dongle cord is long, with a nice red hyperx black light Buttons are convenient and easy to press Sound quality is superb, equivalent to some of the $200+ headsets Ive used No drivers necessary, just plug and play Cons: Adjusting band could go down a little further, the ear cups are a perfect fit for me at full length, but I can imagine someone with a bigger head will have trouble with this. Surround sound sounds a bit hollow and echoey, might just be me though I mainly play CSGO, so surround sound isnt that big of a deal for me, only if I play some of my other games (which is rarely). Footsteps and other noises can be heard clearly with these, although your own gunfire is a little on the loud side. The mic I found to be perfect, I dont do any recordings or anything so its good enough Overrall this headset is a great bang for the buck, with amazing sound clearity and build construction. Ive read about how there was an issue with crackling or something with the drivers, anyhow Im pretty sure they fixed it because mine performs flawlessly I would recommend this to anyone and would buy again in case I lose it or something
Pleasantly surprised with how high quality this headset is. I used mostly on an Xbox One and people Ive chatted with have noticed my voice sounding much clearer than before. Packaging was beautiful and everything just screams quality from this headset.
I am big into gaming and these work great.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
Comfortable headset, great sound, good mic,definetely worth the price!
Good sound quality and great gift.
I have been using the Razer Kraken for the last 2 years and I decided I wanted to go with something different for my next headset. This has been the perfect upgrade. With the 7.1 surround Sound every game I play feels like Im sitting in a movie theater. The audio is great and my friends on skype have told me the Mic is more clear as well. One reason for changing headsets instead of just getting the upgraded Razer model was comfort. My kraken headset was huge and quite heavy. It was nice when I had roommates because the noise reduction worked quite well, but this headset is probably half the weight and blocks out sound just the same. I can wear these for multiple hours without getting any irritation on my ears or head. The headset also comes with a controller on the mic chord. It has lights which are kinda annoying but the controller also works fine. Individual controls for speaker and mic volume, a mic mute switch and a toggle for the 7.1 audio.
I got these for my younger brother as a birthday present for his xbox one. NOTE: Make sure you have the adapter/connector you need, as we had to go out and buy something to hook them up. They work excellently! My brother is REALLY hard on his equipment, he ran his turtle beach into the ground in about a year, hinge and keyboard on his laptop in about 2 years, etc- you get the picture. The metal inside the headband is excellent, and the leather cups fit so snug around his ears, so excellent fit combined with noise cancelling = top quality. They look as new as when he opened them, and that is saying something. I purchased a protection plan for these because of his track record, and they seem to be so durable that I may not even need to use it.
Replaced my Logitech G430 headset with this when it was on sale. The Logitech one said that it had 7.1 and the sound was okay but then I plugged my new HyperX headset in and holt $HIT it is night and day. The HyperX headset has fantastic sound quality and the software works with nearly every game or program I use.
Good packaging, great quality. The only drawback is that the mic isnt that good but it provides enough for casual voice chats with friends.
Great, lightweight. durable headset for the price point, matches other more expensive headsets for quality sound and mic. The market is saturated with flimsy junk products, this headset isnt like that at all.
I love these. They are so comfortable and sound great to me. They dont hurt with me needing to wear my glasses while I game either and that was pretty impressive to me. I normally sit down to play video games for a few hours at a time, and I havent had any issues with them getting uncomfortable. I got mine cheaper since they were supposedly cosmetically damaged but Im not sure how as they appeared fine to me. All in all though, they are great and well worth the money. Shipping was also very quick.
Bought these for my picky brother who wanted durability and performance . they are lasting longer the his turtle beach head sets and they still blow me away with the sound . they are comfortable on the ear and the removable Mic is convenient.
Read a lot of reviews on headsets wanted one that would work with my PC and PS4, very happy I bought these.
Been using this headset for about a month now, pretty dang good for $100 or less. The mic quality is fair, its not the best. And i wish the 7.1 surround sound was on the headset without the usb, because i like plugging it in to my yeti. But overall a solid headset for less than $100.
After updating the firmware, great set of headphones! They are very, very comfortable and do a great job of isolating your ears from the world around you. Quite an upgrade for me, coming from an old pair of Turtle Beach x11s.
I purchased these for my gamer husband for his birthday. He absolutely loves them. He says the sound quality is superb and works well with gaming, chat and listening to music.
Very comfortable, great packaging. All in all a great headset. Comes with 2 different ear cuffs whether you want cloth or leather, Wire is plenty long, and it feels very sturdy.
You can literally wear these for hours and forget you have them on. Most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn. Good sound quality and good mic! Would definitely buy again!
Best headset Ive owned
My grandson loves them . He commented that the surround sound helped his gaming and that he liked the mic. His first one developed a broken wire after 18 months and he passed on the offer of an "upgrade" and wanted the very same model again. According to many reviewers this model is still among the best.
Great product!!
**This is a preliminary review** I purchased the Original Hyper X Cloud in September of 2014. But, prior to owning these, I had used a lot of popular brands like Logitech, Steel Series, and Turtle Beach. All of these headsets where anywhere from $50 to $100 MORE expensive then the Hyper X Cloud. All of these headsets were rendered nonfunctional within months of use. My Turtle Beach z6A that I spent a couple hundred dollars on literally snapped in half after one month of use. The steel series headset held on a bit longer. It was after the first 90 days that the right side slider started to come apart. I was very disheartened as that head set had phenomenal sound quality. After that My $200 Logitech surround sound headset... died it lasted the longest at around 6 months. After all these quality related issue i said you know what lets look for the best built headset on the market at any price range. My search led me to the Kingston Hyper X Cloud. For over a Year now this headset has been the best purchase I have ever made. An $80 dollar headset that sounds like a $150 dollar headset and feels like $250 dollar headset. Sadly though it is only stereo. But Kingston has answered my plea. They gave us a Hyper X Cloud with virtual 7.1 surround sound. As long as the build quality is the same this will be a solid upgrade to an extremely valuable purchase. I can not wait. I will update this review once I have used my new headset for 1 week. UPDATE: 2/2/2016 - I have been using this headset for a few days now and I am happy to report that this headset not only sounds great but also has an even better build quality. It may be because theyre brand new but the headset seems snug on my head with out being too tight. My last set seemed pretty loose toward the end but only time will tell if this set will loosen up as well. Additionally, the surround sound is not great. Though I have not tested it much in - game. Watching movies and Youtube videos, the standard stereo seems to have better surround sound then the card does so I leave it off. There is a firm ware update for the sound card to help with reported issues of crackling and popping so be sure to download them and follow the included instructions on installation. I will update again when I have more testing on the surround sound in game.
So far theyve been amazing! I like that theyre not the kind of headset with cups that press against your ears too hard when in use. Theyre really comfy to use. The finish is awesome and theyre very well constructed. I was going to go with a Logitech G430, but after seeing the many pictures of broken cups I went with these ones. Best decision ever. Sound is out of this world. Amazing sound.
So I had received my headset today and it was a day early which is good. I opened the box and bam, it looked like I spent $300 on the dang things. Comes nicely packaged and they are very well made. Now I am coming from XOFOURS from TB. I put them sucker on and I felt a relief off of my ears and head with the memory foam, that is an A+. I just used them now for a couple hrs and they still felt great and didnt hurt as bad as my other headset. Now I also have the fusion controller for xbox one. You dont need the adapter since the fusion doesnt need one and you cant use the remote that come with it either.  That is mainly for PC or MAC.  Maybe they will have a drive for it in the future on xbox one.  I can hear everything so clear and crisp and on the game everything around me. I highly recommend these headsets in all aspects to anyone. Thanks Kingston for the HyperX Cloud 2 headsets.
Awesome set of headphones!  Super comfy and sound amazing!
I had been doing a lot of research online for a good set of a gaming headset. I wasnt looking to break the bank, but find something that will provide a good bang for the buck. I ran across a few reviews/articles online for the HyperX Cloud (1st version) and then saw these on Amazon for a reasonable price. This headset brings it all. They are extremely comfortable and extremely clear.  I highly recommend this headset for anyone not looking to spend too much money but get the quality expected from high end equipment.
Sounds amazing. Mic is great
Great headphones for a good price.
Great investment for standard online gaming, voice chat.  The mic is not the best, but can be improved slightly by removing the foam cover and position just at the lower lip line as close to lips without touching as possible was my best setup.   Convenient USB function and instant push button volume control.  Will get hot after an hour of use, probably not the best for daily walk around use as it is not the lightest setup and the top, even though padded can cause a pressure ache on top of the head from friction and the up and down movement of walking.   Best use is for home gaming, is universal going from PC to XBOX may require a controller adapter. Good bang for the buck!
This thing is comfy, and I like the metal construction. You would have to work hard to break this thing. I like the removable mic because I dont use it all the time. Things will get loud!!! Wont go wrong with this one, quality construction all around. Just be careful because for some strange reason they put slack in the side cords and they will break if they hang on something if your not careful. So if you dont pull on those strangely exposed cords you will be fine.
(TL;DR) at bottom of review After getting in touch with tech support to solve the problems my headset was having, I can say that the headset has impressed me. It has accurate 7.1 surround, as tested in Fallout 4 and various youtube videos. It has a wide range of sound, from highs to lows, without being overbearing on the bass. And Kingston support was very quick and helpful in correcting my initial concerns. After updating the Firmware for the sound card, most of the cracking and popping went away. Further research into the matter revealed that plugging these headphones into a USB 3.0 slot could somehow interfere with the "cleanliness" of the power supplied to the headphones. Upon plugging into a USB Power (aka USB 2.0) slot on my motherboard, my remaining problems disappeared. I highly recommend this headset to anyone that appreciates quality audio for a decent price. The only thing I may do at this point is purchase a headphone amplifier to boost bass when i desire it, but i wont knock a star off for that because I believe i got my monies worth with this set. Below is a link for Kingston support should anyone here need it, they can help you with the firmware update. I used the live chat option. Thanks Julio A.! Updated from a 3 star to a 5 star review. http://www.kingston.com/us/support/livesupport ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW. The headset is good quality, producing a wide variety of sound, however a crackling/popping noise holds it back from being truly great. Mic works good, and the surround is on point for gaming, but listening to music can be annoying due to the previously mentioned cracking/popping, as well as a background hum that was not present on my other headsets. Not sure if this is a regular problem, or if this is somehow due to a fault with my specific headset. Very comfortable however and other than the issues i mentioned it does put out some wonderful sound. Not sure if I am going to return it yet or not, but I am looking at other options to see how I could have possibly spent my money better. TL;DR Very good gaming headset for the money. You might have to spend 15 minutes doing a firmware update upon purchasing but after the fix you have a comfortable, accurate, and well built headset that will bring joy to all but the most discerning audiophiles. I recommend it.
they feel great and sound great. fyi for anyone wanting to ditch the usb 7.1 adapter. I purchased DiGiYes 3.5mm Female to Dual 3.5 Male Headset Mic & Stereo Audio Y Splitter Cable. these split the headphones and mic. they also kept the left ear as the left and the right ear as the right. I also purchased Audio Speaker / Headset Switching Hub, Manhattan 172851. I use this to control volume.
Im not exactly a headset expert but from my share of knowledge of headsets from experiences and tests, Id say this headset is pretty good. I got it on sale for roughly $70 and I cant complain. The 7.1 is not great but for what its worth, I can live with it. Good buy. *Update* So as of March 2019, the headset died on me. Well, rather for incapacitated. The audio just cut out and I could barely hear the higher frequencies but absolutely zero lower frequency sound waves made it through unless they were super loud. So the headset still worked but had a major handicap which rendered it basically useless. So naturally I had to go back and buy another set of the same exact one. Longevity for me has been about ~4 years, which sounds about right for a headset. Particularly one that’s ~$100, I’m actually not sure how much these are going for as of right now.
good
nice
great sound , very comfy for a big head , great packaging
If you are experiencing a constant static sound through the headset when using the USB attachment, you should contact Customer Services immediately. They replaced my malfunctioning USB piece for free, and now my headset works great without the static. The sound is crisp with a nice bass, and the 7.1 surround sound works well with games with good sound design. All around good product for this price range.
10/10
One of the best headsets Ive purchased, very comparable to Astro A40s at a much lower price point.  The rave reviews and the hype this headset gets are well deserved.
Great headphones
Honestly, 7.1 feels a little cluttered when switched on. I mean, I use it anyways, because that is kind of a selling point on it, but I could have gone without it too. Imagine this, (7.1 off) if you hold your hands perpendicular to your head, that is where most of what you hear is going to be. (7.1 on) you hear "behind" your ears, in a sense. However, in such a confined space, it feels, as mentioned before, cluttered. I came from the Razer Tiamat 2.2, and I would call this an upgrade, but comparatively(probably due to the 2.2 in the Tiamat), the bass is a little lackluster on the HyperX Cloud II.
*Editing my review because the item itself is a pleasure to use and customer service from Kingston/HyperX are lovely. Let me start by saying while it worked, I loved the headset. Sound was beautiful, mic was very clear. However, suddenly without any change to my software or hardware, the USB portion just became unrecognizable to Windows (both my primary machine with Windows 10, and my secondary machine with Windows 7). Using the audio jack without USB option (which is unacceptable long term, the cord length is incredibly short and less than 3 months of use for a product this expensive is extremely frustrating) is apparently not even a temporary solution, as 90% of sound is routed to one ear no matter how the sound balance in Windows is set and the mic seems to require 30 dB boost to be heard, introducing so much noise it becomes pointless. Have contacted Kingston for a replacement solution and will update this review as I hear from them, but very disappointed and frustrated with the short term use of a fairly expensive purchase.
If you are looking for the best gaming headphones for the money the HyperX Cloud II cant be beat. The sound stationing is incredibly right on.
Probably the most comfortable headset Ive purchased - can wear it for hours without any noticeable pressure or discomfort.  It also seems to be well constructed, with a sturdy frame. One thing to note, is that the out-of-the-box installation, left me with "static" at low volumes - very annoying.  After researching various forums, it seems like some people requested a new USB-dongle from Kingston, and that fixed the problem for them, while others had no such luck.  I went to Kingstons site, navigated to the support section for this headset, and saw a Firmware update was available. [...] After downloading and installing that firmware update, no more "static" - Awesome. All in all, a nice headset, worth the money in my opinion, but be aware of the potential low volume/static issue. Cheers.
good
The HyperX Cloud II starts off with a wonderful opening presentation leading to a great set of headphones. First off, they are extremely comfortable. Might make your ears a bit warm, and make you deaf to people saying your name, but oh man can I wear these forever. To go along with your comfort is an excellent sound experience. I switched from some nice-mid budget Sennheiser headphones to these, and I think the HyperX Cloud II sounds just as good, if not better. Music, movies, games, editing- all sound great! The cable is LOOOOOONG. While I find it a bit excessive (I have to put the built-in remote on my lap so I dont roll my chair over it), its nice to have walking/sitting distance. The mic is removable and fully adjustable which is really nice. Need it at some weird angle so your friends dont hear your breathing? No problem. Need to just get the mic out of your field of view? Take it off. Love it. The only thing I dont like about this headset is the 7.1 surround sound. It has never sound right to me and offers nothing of use. Besides that, I am SO happy I bought these. I didnt think they would be as useful as they are... I was really wrong.
So good that I cant hear my roommates nagging anymore. Worth a buy. Also, sound is crisp and clear.
This is one of the best gaming headsets I was able to find mainly because they can be used across platforms and even as music headphones with the microphone detached. They also look great, feel comfortable, and are made well. Used them for counter strike and xbox one!
Teenager reports these headphones rock.  I dont know.  I just throw food in the door and close it fast to avoid the smells and growls.  I tried them on when we got them, though, and they were comfy and great at noise cancellation.  He agrees on the noise cancellation and says he can barely hear his sister throw a fit.  Im looking into another set for myself. ;)
just finishing my first week with these headphones and i love them already. they do not give me headaches after long gaming sessions like my old turtle beaches (cant remember the model). These headphones are very comfortable and stretch very well to fit any size head (i personally have a small head and it fits fine). the removable mic is very useful if you want to mute or already have a mic.
This is a fantastic headset. It has great sound and I have not had any issues with it.
These are great!  The earpads are high quality memory foam and the gamer boy says theyre SUPER comfortable. He loves the surround sound, says its amazing.  The mic comes off and he uses them as just headphones to listen to music. The box they came in is premium packaging. He uses it to transport the headphones.  Now if I could only get him to take them off....
HyperX has grown kind of a following over the major brands and for good reason. These are everything they advertise to the t. Highly recommended
Loving it. Might buy a second one to use at work.
Hey, I purchased this headset 2 months a go, and it was working perfectly until today, I realized that the control USB box was broken, as when plugging the headset into separate ports it would work. So basically, the headset can only be used for others to hear my voice, or for myself to hear sound. What can I do about this?
Honestly just missed the 5 star mark due to audio cutting out at times when the headset jack moves in the controller. Very rarely an issue and perhaps this is on the Xbox One controllers side. Audio is outstanding and the fact I can remove the microphone is great.
These are my first gaming headphones, but not the first I tried. Other head phones had features which could make HyperX Cloud II a beast, but I guess this is what we get for this price. The sound quality input and output are amazing. However, I am getting a RMA after 7 months of use as I the microphone doesnt work for some reason. Kingston previously shipped me a free microphone but it didnt solve the problem, so now I will be getting a new headset. Perfect product, and perfect customer support. EDIT: KINGSTON IS AWESOME! They shipped me a complete new box with all equipment even though I had those! I guarantee that you will enjoy these headphones, and in case of some trouble, kingston is there to help you.
Work great, sound great, and are really comfortable with the velour pads that come with it.
I judge headphones based on a few simple points: 1) Are they comfortable?  Yes, very!  I game for hours on end and Ive never felt discomfort when wearing the Cloud II.  After switching out the leather ear cushions for the cloth cushions my ears never got sweaty. 2) Do they produce good sound?  I am very pleased with the sound quality of these headphones.  Sure, I couldve spent another $100 and got a better sound Im sure, but why?  These are headphones, not a surround sound system! 3) Are they easy to setup and use?  If I could knock these headphones for anything, this would be the thing.  Im not a huge fan of "dongles" and thats what the USB to connector feels like: a very long dongle.  Also, more than once I have accidentally hit the mute switch on the "dongle" which caused not a small amount of frustration and stress as I tried to figure out why people could no longer hear me.  For some this might not be an issue, but for me, its just an annoyance that Ive now learned to look for. Overall, 9.5/10.  I would highly recommend these to any gamer.
Got mine the 7.1 is bad but still comfortable works on xbox one ps4 pc iphone and ipad from my testing yes you hear game audio on all 5 and removeable mic rocks great build quality missing a star because no sidetone :(
These sound amazing. A problem when I got them with some crackling but contacted their customer support and got a replacement part within a couple days. All is well now. Well worth it over a cheap set.
Ordered this to replace a wireless Microsoft headset that had died, ordered and arrived in a very nice package including the headset, removable microphone, and 2 different ear linings. The audio quality did not seem to be as good as the wireless headset especially in the bass department. EXTREMELY comfortable however and I can wear them 6+ hours very easily. Overall I think they were a great investment and well worth the money
This is the best headset I have owned to date. I play on Xbox one and PC and these function perfectly for both. I had turtle beach for Xbox before, these blow them away. Very very lightweight, super comfy! Xbox chat is clear as day on both ends, its they best Ive sounded they say. PC is the same way, couldnt have asked for a better headset at this great price!  Came in great packaging, a must buy if you are looking for a great headset for any platform!
First of all I would like to point out that this does come with a built in USB sound board which was honestly a big step for me considering I use a notebook. Here are what I think of the good qualities in this headset. - Amazing Build Quality and features. - Well worth the 100$ sound. - Amazing Comfort. Here are what I think the bad qualities in this headset. - The 7.1 needs fixing. It sounds like a muffled mess. - The mic needs to feel like it wont break on you. And overall I love this headset. Its a step up and a great moving point from the original clouds. This headset Ive had for 1 week now and I can say its a worthy no brainer when it comes to a good comfy gaming headset. I personally use these without the microphone, but when I did test out the microphone it seemed not to be that bad in games such as CS:GO, or H1Z1. So all-in-all I would never look down on someone buying these and if youre wondering if youre not going to like this. Well my friend that is a completely false question.
Amazing!!! Just Amazing. I did a ton of research on the perfect headset. I AM TRULY PLEASED TO TELL YOU THIS HEADSET IS ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT. I have an Xbox box one. First person shooter games. Comfort amazing! Durable! Sometimes I forget there on my ear and fall asleep with them. This will be my 5 month with them. Amazing sound quality... even for 5.1 Only negative is the cord. Which is not all that bad if you play Xbox one or ps4. The only other headset I would purchase  would be the turtle beaches 800. But I refuse to pay 300$ just to have it cordless and 7.1 sound. Trust me the 5.1 is good enough in your ear if your playing games on the console. I rarely have the volume turned to the maximum on 5.1. Maybe to show my friends how loud it can get... lol
This headset is everything I expected and more.
I really love what Kingston has been doing hear their here, both of their headsets are AMAZING, but I find no real reason to go ahead and buy the second version, because I absolutely loved the white and black color sheme the Cloud 1 had, just saying.
Perfect for gaming.  Mic and ear muffs have great balance of sound
Super easy install although you should visit the homepage to update firmware out of the box. These headphones have amazing sound, very robust with plenty of bass. Tested on several applications from speech recognition to games on steam. Mic is very clear, and the 7.1 surround mode is awesome on FPS games.  Highly recommended to buy.
I got this headset on sale, and overall am very pleased. I use it for both PC and Xbox One gaming. Delivers decent sound quality. Surround sound on PC is very good. No surround sound support on Xbox One, and you will need to buy a headset adapter in order to adjust chat/game volume if you want to use it for that purpose...even if you have a newer controller. I would prefer if the headset itself had more flexible sizing, but it does fit my head. The leather ear cups that come standard are more or less noise cancelling, while the felt ones are not. I use the felt ones because there is no ability to enable voice feedback on this headset. Given all of these minor flaws, I still recommend this headset if you can grab it for under $100 given the value when compared to other headsets such as Turtle Beach and Astros.
The best headset that I have owned.
Absolutely amazing sound. Great feel, the 7.1 surround sound is also amazing. Definitely recommend for gaming or music.
Very firm in my head, very good quality sounds. Long cable and the fact that you can separate the headset from sound card makes it very convenient for outdoor use. Looks very durable too. 4 start because I had better headsets. =========== Update: after 2.5 years of use the cable had problems and one ear stopped working, would be great if you could change the cable easily.
So good, so light, amazing price.
quality for the price. thank you.
Best headset ever
Very good, Great Noise cancelation, Surround sound for CS:GO Absolutely sucks tho...
I have had this thing for about 6 Months now and I wish i could give this thing a 6th star. Its not the deepest sound , but is 110% is the deepest sound for the price.  This is a $200 headset for less then $100 . works on PC  - Check, Works on Xbox one - Check , works on PS4 -Check.  One headset to rule them all. Sound Quality - It is fantastic 7.1 surround sound emulated of course , but it does a really good job.  I hear people sneaking up on me and have a good sense of which direction they are coming form.  Everything sounds great on this to the deep explosions to the music . Game Vs Voice chat balance works really well so it does a good job of separating the sub channels as well. Comfort - This is where you get your bang for your buck.  Faux leather is 1000x better then the felt feel of other head sets (and alot easy to keep clean if you have pets)  Easily moved Mic that can detach and the headset is SUPER comfortable even after several hours  sometimes i forget its even on, which is a great thing form a head set. I had 3 other headsets . A High end Wireless Turtle beach one (Xbox360/one) - Batteries just didnt last and was a bit bulky. A PS4 Silver Headset  (PS4)- the single most uncomfortable heads i have ever worn. And a Creative Fatality Headset for PC - this one was comfy and the sound was decent , but this Hyper X blows it out of the water. At the end of the day this replaced them all.  GET IT
Not only would I recommend this to any gamers, I recommend this to all gamers.
I bought this to uses with my virtual phone on my computer.  Once I got it all set up it works good, but a little quirky.  If I unplug it from my laptop, it seems I need to reboot the laptop to make it work again.
This is a really nice headset for its price. Great quality in sound quality for both input and output. Also this is a headset I can wear comfortably for an extended period of time even with glasses on. The only issues I have with this produce are with the control panel and a certain aspect of the design. The control panel, since it is USB can have some delay for adjusting the volume or mute of the system. Note that the system volume is changed and not the headphone. The bigger issue however is the headsets dependence on the detachable control panel. Without it, the volume is always on maximum blast. This can be really annoying having to adjust the volume on whatever device. It would be nice to have a physical wheel or knob for the volume.
Got these for my dad to use on skype, he loves them. Great quality and durability.
The sound quality of these is outstanding. I use these a lot for teleconferencing and gaming and they are exceptional. They have been an excellent purchase.
Very good headset. Sound quality on ps4 is phenominal and the mic is crystal clear. Havent tried it on the pc yet. Recommended to all.
I ended up purchasing this headset off of Newegg because they also had a gift for the Hyperx SKYN mouse pad, anyway I like them a lot better than the free pair of Zalmans I got with my computer.  A couple downsides though is the 3.5 mm cable is on the short side while the usb sound card cable is extremely long.  And even a year later from some of the reviews I am getting the popping a cracking noises through this headset using the usb, its real faint but just enough to when Im playing H1Z1 and nothing is going on I can hear it.  At first I thought it was just an audio glitch within the game but then I noticed it even when I wasnt moving.  However the sound quality overall is good and very loud like another review stated I keep the audio really no higher than about 15 on my computer when using these, unless Im to lazy to put them on then I crank the sound up all the way and can hear videos clearly with it sitting beside me on the desk.  Comfort is also good, straight out of the box with the leather earpieces is great for me at least, I havent even tried the cloth ones yet.
This headset is amazing, great sound quality and mic is clean and clear. also the comfort is on another level. If your looking for a high quality headset for a good price this is it. comes in a nice box that i actually still use to store them in. Also the memory foam ear pieces are and extra level of comfort. would recommend again and again!
Best Headset for $100. No doubt.
Great headset
My son absolutely loves this!  It is very comfortable and cancels out all outside noise.  He can never hear me calling him. haha
Absolutely love these. They work with the Xbox one as long as you have the adapter for the controller, 7.1 doesnt work with 3.5mm only usb. They are unbelievably comfortable can wear these for hours and they sound amazing. I love how I can just switch from computer to Xbox to iPod. 5 stars no doubt for these
5 star for volume, 4 star for comfort.
I have been using this headset for 2 weeks now.  Sturdy build and great sound.  My last pair was Turtle Beachs $250+ pair and it broke constantly (poor and cheap design/construction), confusing set-up, and OK sound; Im listing this for comparison.
great headset for FPS games such as CSGO. was a little choppy on my iPhone but I dont use it for that very often so its not a big deal. the 7.1 is very cool as well.
Best Headset yet, i had astro a40s, turtle beaches, logitechs and this beats them all on comfort and sound quality
Really works well, nice options and sound, great for gaming.  Ear cups significantly cut out outside noise.
Great headset.  Ive been hunting for a headset that wont hurt my head when worn for a long time and this puppy is fantastic.  Ive tried several headsets this year, holding off on finding the right one.  Glad this went on sale and works great.  You can detach the mic which is a big bonus.  Move watchers will love this.  The sound is definitely more inclined towards gaming with that higher bass than the Sony MDR 75xx.  The color looks great with a black/red combo if you love that style.  Audio quality is great on the mic and headset.  Theres a 7.1 attachment with voice and volume control.  My only gripe is the light on the attachment never turns off when the PC is off.  I keep thinking its eating electricity even with a tiny light on.  Anyway, if you think the Logitech G930 hurts your head or the cups hurt, these headsets are definitely better.  Try it on at a store close by, you wont be disappointed.
As a guy who ownes a headphones store i can proudly say that the Hyperx Cloud II is the greatest headphone ive ever used 10/10
These headphones are amazing.  The sound quality is great and I can hear everything.  Very happy with my purchase
Ive been having similarly reported problems with the usb box. I hear a crackle or pop then the sound shuts off. Such a great headset in every other aspect. Im a bit disappointed that this occurred in such a small time frame as i had only had them for less than a month. EDIT: I have further researched the issue and i strongly recommend to disable the usb in the device manager under the usb drop box and re-enable it. This has temporarily solved my issue, though moving the chord around may still cause a pop and the sound disappearance, but at the least it corrects itself now, almost instantly too.
Only thing I dont like is the adjusters on each side. But it feels damn good.
Its game time. Nice build n nice finishing really like the gray one alot. Not felling the red do...
UPDATE (03/16/17):  I ended up giving my pair of Cloud IIs to my son for his birthday.  I now had to make a decision whether to purchase another pair of Cloud IIs or try something else.  SO, I ended up buying the Beyerdynamic DT770, Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds.  I bought all four from Amazon and sat down and tested all of them over a period of 4 months.  First off, what I love in headphones is a full sounding, deep bass and some ambient surround sound.  I like hearing the boom of a grenade or thump of a stealth take-down of a long-neck in Horizon Zero Dawn. First off, Dont believe in the 7.1 surround sound hype you get from any "GAMING" headphones under $200.  I have now tried 3 different actual gaming headsets and all of them gave the directional sound but at a cost...  These gaming headphones that declare 7.1 surround achieve this by diminishing the sound levels of other ambient sounds.  Im not a audiophile or pro so bare with me...  The Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds all sounded tinny and the mid-range seemed distant.  It hyped up the surround but in order to achieve that it lowered the other sounds to make it happen, including bass.  For example, in Horizon Zero Dawn, when Aloy shoots an arrow it sounds like its far away, when it shouldnt because shes directly in front of you and if you shot off that arrow it should sound like the release happened in your face.  It doesnt.  It sounds like your Aloy let go of the bow about 20 yards from where you are standing.  If that makes sense.  YES, the gaming headphones with 7.1 do give you directional but it just lowers everything else.  Which is why I assume pro gamers love them because they want to hear if someone is sneaking up on them. FOR ME though...  Im not a pro gamer.  I want bass, a thud.  I want a overall strong sound that makes me feel like Im right there.  SO, I did more research online and youtube and came across the Beyerdynamic DT770s.  They are not gaming headphones but many claim the bass is awesome and the sound in games is even better.  I just received these today and within 30 minutes I packaged them back up and returning them.  Although, I will give them this much.  The directional sound was WAY better than any gaming headphones, Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds.  No joke, the directional sound was dead on with these.  The low bass was also good but wasnt enough and the mid-range sounded distant just like the Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds.  If you want directional sound that mimicks 7.1, with a low bass that isnt overwhelming I would buy the Beyerdynamics. SO saying all of that.  I know this sounds funny but Im basing this all down to shooting an arrow.  I switched back and forth between the Beyers and the Clouds IIs in Horizon Zero Dawn.  I would shoot an arrow at a grazer (metal animal) and the Cloud IIs sounded like I shot that arrow from my shoulder next to my ear.  It also enough bass to where you felt like you actually shot an arrow.  The Beyers and the Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds all felt Aloy (character in game) was 20 yards away shooting an arrow.  Only way I know how to describe it.  The Cloud IIs also have way more base then the ones Ive mentioned.  Its punchy and you feel it.  Felt good when I slammed the ground with my spear.  The Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds and Beyer all felt weak.  When I slammed the ground with my spear it again, felt distant.  Not really immersive. I stood on top of a Long Neck.  When a Long Neck walks around the map its feet create a ground thump that should sound heavy.  SO I stood on top of a Long Neck and switched back and forth between the Beyer and Cloud IIs.  The Beyer again felt like the sounds were distant and didnt feel the Long Neck walking very much.  The Cloud IIs at the same sound level I could feel the Long Neck walking, it felt like I was right there on top of the Long Neck and could feel every step it took. Also, the Cloud IIs do have directional sound ... So if you walk up to someone talking and swing your camera around in a 360, the voice will swing around your head as it should.  Is it true surround, no.  Does it do the trick, yet.  Now in the Beyer and Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds, the surround does sound more ambient and sounds around you but again, it diminishes the bass and mid-range it feels like. So saying all that, Im a casual gamer that wants good bass, I want to feel like I get hit rather than hear someone walking up behind me.  I want to feel the game.  The Cloud IIs in my opinion after trying all the headphones are awesome.  I can honestly say that and feel comfortable suggesting you pick up a pair over any others Ive suggested.  They really are good. I can also attest to the 7.1 feature the Cloud IIs do provide with the packaging.  You can plug it into your PS4 and your controller and I can honestly say it does provide 7.1 BUT it then turns into the Beyer and Logitech G633, Turtle Beach Stealth 500P and the Playstation Golds and diminishes the mid-range and bass. I dont plug my Cloud IIs into my controller.  I purchased a two speaker with sub-woofer sound system for my desk that comes with a volume control and headphone output.  I plug my Cloud IIs into this setup which allows me to turn it up as loud as I want and in a way acts as a amp to push out even more bass and volume.  You cant get that by just plugging into the PS4 controller, it can only pump out so much volume and your maxed out.  Not very loud going directly through the controller. By a desktop sound system with subwoofer and volume control with headphone output....  Trust me it changes the sound output and bass levels. SO theres my updated review.  Others will probably disagree with my review but this is COMING from someone who doesnt need 7.1 or games heavily online in COD or Battlefield 1.  I love games like Horizon Zero Dawn, Last of Us, Dying Light, Metal Gear Solid 5, Just Cause 3, Nioh, Dark Souls, BloodBorne, Evil Within, Dishonored, etc.  I should also mention Ive also owned the X12s, PX24s. Previous Review:  OKAY, SO FINALLY, after buying the X12, PX24, TB 500p, Sony Gold Wireless and returning all of them, I purchased the Cloud II.  Before I bought the Cloud II, I was almost going to settle with the X12s or PX24.  The 500p and Gold Wireless youd think are superior BUT THEY ARE NOT.  The surround sound on the expensive gamer headphones are just a gimick.  Most of the surround sound gamer headphones are made for gamers who primarily play FPS.  It tones down quite a few sounds including bass and other environmental sounds to pump up footsteps and reloads.  This allows the FPS gamer to hear whats around him.  Sounds cool, YEA BUT, again, it drowns out other sounds to make that possible. Saying that, Im a casual gamer and I love bass.  I love feeling the thump of the explosions and gun fire.  The 500p and Gold Wireless sucked at this.  IN fact, the 500p did have good bass but ONLY when I switched it to the mode called, "Bass & Treble".  Great right?  NO, because thats basically what the X12s and PX24s do.  Even the x12s simulate surround sound.  Ive had a pair of x12s for 5 years and I can honestly say they simulated surround just as good as the 500p and Golds but kept the bass and overall depth of sound.  More balanced. This is where the Cloud II comes in...  Very skeptical and was almost ready to return them before I got them.  Was just tired of buying and returning.  Before I begin, a few disclaimers...  1.  I game on a PS4 and I dont plug my headphones into my controller or through USB.  I actually bought a device online that allows me to plug in my toslink directly from the output on the PS4 to the adapter which is where I plug my headphones into.  This gives it way more depth and power then plugging into the controller or via USB on the front of the console. 2.  The 7.1 on this particular headset doesnt really work with PS4.  Saying that, it actually works but doesnt.  Bare with me on this...  In order to get it to work, you have to plug it into the front of the PS4 via a USB.  Then you plug the headset into the 7.1 mixer.  I tried it with and without and quite honestly it sound MUCH better without the 7.1.  Mainly because the 7.1 mixer is designed for PC and MAC.  It wasnt designed to use with the PS4 even though you can get it to turn on.  SO, I actually dont use the 7.1 mixer.  I put it back in the box. 3.  DONT plug the headset into your controller or via the USB.  A lot of people dont realize they can buy a very cheap setup that allows you to use the toslink which pumps out the 7.1.  Ill do my best to link my set up below.  Ive been using it for years and wont go back.  Only because when I plug these into the controller it loses something, cant put a finger on it but it doesnt sound as good.  Same with using the mixer. I highly recommend the Cloud II.  It has really good deep base, the mids are clear and sharp and the highs as well.  Its a very well balanced sound, as well as, it does simulate surround sound even without the 7.1.  I switched back and forth between the Golds and these while playing NO Mans Sky, Dying Light, Dark Souls 3, BloodBorne, Just Cause 3 and these really sounded good and very good balance of sound. Best part, I own a Nvidia Shield and plug the headset into the controller that comes with the shield and watched a couple movies with it and it blew me away.  Awesome sound and even simulated surround sound. FINALLY satisfied with a headphone purchase after using my x12s for 5 years.  Both my sons are sold on them as well comparing them to other headsets theyve owned.  Worth the purchase in my opinion. OH, they are comfortable!!!  Although, be aware...  It comes with a leather or fake leather material and it comes with a replacement that is cloth.  I noticed a huge difference in sound when I used the leather over the cloth.  Mainly because the leather is air tight and keeps all the sound in and out.  The cloth I noticed I could hear outside sound more and it leaked the sound coming from the headphones.  Wasnt a big deal but the bass felt deeper and stronger with the leather padding.  Both are awesome and sound good though. USE THIS DEVICE to hook up your headphones using the Toslink output on the PS4.  Ive used these for the past 3-5 years and they work great and pump out way better sound then plugging into the controller or using the USB on the front of the PS4.  A lot of people dont realize you can use this with any headphones whether they are made for Xbox or PS4 or PC.  Its makes it to where you can use any headphone and uses the Dolby surround from Toslink. PORTTA PETDTAP DIGITAL COAX AND OPTICAL TOSLINK TO ANALOG AUDIO CONVERTER:  https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005DIRI6I/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
This is one of the best headsets out there for gaming/chatting and at a ridiculous value with regards to price. The construction of this headset is solid and feels high end.  There is a great, padded, leather band for the head, and the ear cups are also wrapped in a soft leather.  The location where the ear cups attact to the headset is a solid, sturdy piece of metal, avoiding a common problem in cheaper headsets of the ear cups breaking off through the head band at the stress point. The headset can be attached to your computer using a 3.5mm stereo jack or USB.  If you attach using USB you also get access to a 7.1 "surround sound" mode which, obviously, simulates surround sound, as there are no discrete channels.  I found that the surround mode simply tends to make things a bit louder, especially background noise and music, but its a nice feature to have.  You also get a dedicated set of volume buttons that can control both the volume of your microphone to other players, as well as the volume of the game sound, separately, which is a great feature. According to those I game with the microphone produces clear audio for chatting. Overall highly recommended.
Very nice
Greatest Headset I have ever owned. I have had it for 7 months and me and my brothers play with it, we wear down everything we use it gets thrown and messed with and its still in good condition, once the mic stopped working Emailed the company got a replacement mic for free in 2 days no questions asked. 10/10 buy
My kid uses it for hardcore gaming and has been very happy with it. CS:GO is game of choice and he has pretty awesome build on for his system, all ordered of of amazon. If you youtube "Polar Build $1800" you will see what he is using it with .
Great
Fantastic Set for the price! Highlights include: Top tier build quality,  Very crisp sound quality,  noise canceling,  USB or 1/4 inch connection,  multiple system support!
Ive had these headsets for awhile now and I have to say They are great they work perfect with my ps4 and fit my head great with no discomfort. For under 100 dollars they are a steal of a deal. The 7.1 surround sound not much of a difference from not hitting the button but thats for ps4. I hate that you cant control the volume but even with that said I say buy them! :)
I have been using my headset for 16 months now for gaming as well as movies and music and still love them.  They are holding up well and still sound great!
I use this headset on my PC for Skype calls, on my iPhone for calls and music, and on my PS4 and the audio and voice quality is superior on all. After a few weeks I had an issue with the USB dongle not registering mic on my PC or Mac, and Kingston sent me a new dongle no questions asked. For the price, quality, flexibility, and support you cant really do better in a wired headset.
This is my first surround headset. I am not an audiophile and I just wanted a well-reviewed headset for gaming. The mic quality is really good. The sound is great and I am able to discern the direction of sounds in games when I need to. Im still on the fence about the 7.1 feature; I cannot tell if it sounds better or or worse, but either way the sound quality is stellar. I reinstalled Battlefield 4 again just to play some missions with the sound blasting. Small complaints: - I wish the headset sizing had a little more customization in order to be more snug; I feel like some of the sound may be leaking out, but I have a big ol head so its probably just me and the overall noise cancellation is good. My wife shoots me plenty of annoyed looks because I dont realize I am shouting over the mic! - The headset comes with an alternate style of earpads. Switching these out is difficult, but again, small complaint.
good quality, very durable.
Best gaming headset
I purchased this headset because it happened to come with a free copy of Rainbow Six: Siege. I was actually quiet suprised on how solid this headset is. Fits nicely over the ears, decent sound quality, and my favorite part is the easily adjustable microphone that can be removed if you only want audio.
This product made my nipples moist!
These headphones are fantastic, the memory foam pads are super soft. The Sound quality is amazing. Definitely worth the price.
Ive bought and returned multiple headsets including ones twice as expensive as these and am by far %110 happier with this headset then anything Ive previously tried. It has never given me any issues, everything works as its supposed to and it feels of high quality. Sadly, it falls off my desk all the time but have not yet encountered any problems, it was very well made. I cannot say enough nice things about this headset, Ive truly found my perfect headset and a brand I will stay loyal to from now on.
I do not have the Verified Purchase because I bought it from a store. This headset is a must buy, their sound is great, sound even better and mic perfect. I hope just mine is faulty but the earcups arent on the same level, it sound out and in, the hole can be uncomfortable aswell. If not for this fault 11/10 IGN
Best gaming headset that I have ever used. Extremely comfortable and light for long wearing periods. Mic is super clear with great noise reduction.
Nice headset.  Quality construction and they sound good
Given worth every penny. It is to use 2 or 3 hours after a mild tingle around the ear.
it sounds great in first person shooter with the build in 7.1 surround sound better any other so called 7.1 headset Ive owned in the past Plantronics  Gamecom 788! and astro gaming A50 headsets and also the A40 astro gaming headset
Great headset for the price!
Incredible product for the price.  Sound quality is beautiful, and its super comfortable, much more so than my Sennhaiser headset which gives me a headache after extended use.  I bought this to replace a Razer Kraken whose cable I shredded when it got wrapped around my desk chair and I turned too quickly.  Just wanted to point out two features that I love: 1)  Headset cable can safely break away from the included USB sound control in the event that it gets wrapped around the arm of your desk chair during use and yanked. 2)  Ubuntu Linux compatible straight out of the box.  No driver installation or hassle required.  Just open up your PulseAudio Volume Control, set it as the playback and recording device, and youre in business in like 10 seconds.
great thanks
For that price, my expectations were low to begin with, but having had these for over a month now, these headsets are great. Durable, comfortable, great sounds and didnt kill my wallet. Definitely worth the buy.
I would like those reading to know that i bought these for my ps4. I have not used the 7.1 virtual surround sound, nor have i used the box that has the controls for the headset. The headset is comfortable. The leather cups surround my ears and leave no gaps beneath your ears like other headsets. For the price, i feel as though i overpaid for them. They sound is good, but i am unable to use some features because i play on the playstation. I can not mute myself, nor do i have 7.1 surround sound. They sound good. Take what i say lightly becuase i am not sure how to describe the sound accurately. The lows are more pronounced becuase it is a gaming headset. Other than that, i am not sure how to describe the mids and highs. They hyper x cloud 2 headset comes with a carrying pouch, and the detachable mic is great when i want to walk around with the earphones. The cord that connects to you controller is the perfect size. It is unlike most headsets where there is an excess amount of cable just hanging around. If you throw around your headset and are not treating these with care, you will break them. The headset itself is durable, but the 3.5 millimeter jack is straight and feels like i can snap it if i accidently pull it out of my phone/controller too fast. I have broken other headsets by stepping on or snapping the 3.5 millimeter jack and i am sure i will sooner or later break these. Its just a matter of time .
Holy cow these are awesome! Booming bass, perfectly clear midst and highs, this is the ultimate headset for gamers and music buffs alike. Crystal clear sound with immersive 7.1 surround sound will take your gaming to the next level. Hear your enemies before they see you and get the jump on them. The sound is really directional so if your enemies are coming from behind you and to the left, you hear them behind you and to the left. At $90 this is a steal for this much quality. Works awesome for the PS4 and my smartphone as well. Even comes with extra set of ear pads to match your needs. Seriously, I cant recommend these enough!
My lord, These are amazing for the price.  The mic sounds amazing. :}
Really awesome headset for the money, the quality of the velour is really good and comfy, the build quality overall is astonishing. its probably the best gaming headset for the money.
I feel like im in the game. This is my first gaming pair of headphones and they work great.  I havent needed the microphone yet.
Amazing! Huge upgrade from my Siberia V2!
Love the headphones
Super light weight and comfortable. Good sound quality and good for online gaming and chatting. Love the red color too.
These cans are outstanding. I couldnt be happier with this purchase. The sound you get from these is so clear and crisp, from the lowest lows, to the extreme highs, you can hear everything. Great separation, outstanding bass without being overpowering or "boomy", and an incredibly clear and accurate mic. Very comfortable to wear for long periods of time, youll want to use them for much more than just gaming, which you can do thanks to the detachable mic. The 7.1 surround sounds good, but I am more impressed with the quality of what I hear, and the workmanship of this headset. Kingston has new fan. Edit: I have not heard one pop or crackle that some here have reported, mine have been outstanding with absolutely no issues. I use these daily and typically several hours at a time.
One of the best headsets around.  They are super comfortable, and go completely around the ear.  I have a big head and had no issues with discomfort.  When you put these headsets on, the ambient sound in the room almost completely disappears. The sound quality is also amazing!  Probably the best $99 headsets around and could be sold at $200 and still be worth the money.
This headset is only a fraction of the cost of most top Gaming headsets. Despite this, it performs extremely well. I personally did not use the USB sound card included with these headphones, but I used the Astro Mixamp, which works perfectly fine with it, and I think makes a better combo with the Astro Mixamp than an Astro A40 headset would.
Really nice sounding headset!
Great sound and are very comfortable.  The cord will disconnect allowing you to plug them directly into your iPhone or iPad.
I have had the PS Gold Headset and had some issues so I picked this one up. This is a top notch headset. Only complaint is that you have to go into PS Settings to adjust volume instead of having the option built into the earpieces.
Best headset ever owned. even better than astro a40s. buy them now
I have had this headset for a week now, and I have had it long enough that I think I can write a helpful review. Hopefully it will help with your decision on if you should buy the HyperX Cloud II headset. First of all, the delivery. So when I first bought the product, I received an email saying it would arrive between a Tuesday and Saturday the week AFTER I bought it. A little annoying, but wasnt too bad considering the shipping was free. So the following Tuesday I checked to see if it was there. It wasnt. Alright thats fine. I came in Wednesday. Still nothing. It wasnt untill Thursday that I recieved another email stating that they just started the shipping and that it would arrive Saturday. Ok. Thats fine. I was gone all day that day, and due to having a P.O. box, I was not able to pick it up during open hours, and instead I had to wait until Monday. That kinda made me mad; more at my post office than amazon. Then finally comes Monday and I get the headset. As for the packaging, HyperX did a great job. It came in a box, showing off the features; very well done. After you open that box, you slide another more elegant box out that has the HyperX name on the top. Open that and you are greeted with a thin piece of paper and under that, a manual. Then you come to a layer of black foam padding and when removed, you are finally revealed the headset itself, along with the USB controll box, a removable mic, replacement ear muffs made with a more comfortable material, a carrying bag, and something like a headphone splitter (not exactly sure what it is). I figured that it might be useful on special occasions. All of this was surrounded by the same padding meantioned earlier. Overall, very great packaging. (Also on the inner box, HyperX has a letter, welcoming you to their products and gaming.) The USB controll box seemed at first not very useful, but it actually has good features. It has volume controll for both the in game audio, but also for the microphone as well. In the center there in a button to toggle the 7.1 surround sound and it lights up when activated. And to the side there is a slider for the mute option. Also, the headset wire ends with a 3.5 mm audio jack, which connects to the controll box, allowing much more versatility. Very nice. The removable mic was a great addition, but not the best. It is great as a normal mic for gaming, but it is too sensitive and digitalized for normal video creation. But considering the price and the fact that it is removable, does not at all make this a deal breaker. The extra ear muffs are made from a foam material that adds a lot of comfort and breathability, but does not have as much sound insulation as the built in leatger ear muffs. You can swap them out, but I recommend choosing which one you want to stick with, as they stretch when you take them off and but them back on. Personally, I stick with the leather. The travel bag is great and durable and can hold everything (plus extra) easily. But the extra pouch uses velcro and it can be a little difficult to open, but it add durability so it isnt so bad. Now for the actual headset. It comes in a durable aluminum frame which looks absolutely amazing, but I feel that if in rough use, it may become loose, but it should last a long time. The sides have brushed aluminum with the Hyper X logo, surrounded with a matte plastic. Very nice for looks but can attract fingerprints rather easily. The top is leather with the brand name stitched into it, as well as more stitching along the edges. Great detail. However, the wiring that commect the ear cuffs together is outside of the headset, but is covered by woven fabric. For me it didnt look too good, but some might find it cool. Another minor complaint I have is that although all the wiring is covered by woven fabric, the wire that is connected to the headset itself is a little loose, but it does not affect the audio quality at all. Whenever I first put on the headset it felt like a hug from a cloud, hence the cloud in the name. It had memory foam padding on the top band as well as the leather ear muffs. I once used it for 6 hours straight and there was no ache whatsoever, only my ears got warm and a little sweaty, which is normal. Again, you can make it more comfortable with the foam muffs. Now what you are waiting for: the sound. The headset is a closed back, so it has excellent sound insulation, and when paired with the leather ear muffs, it makes the gaming experience very immersive. Also the 7.1 surround is very effective. I could hear footsteps from behind me, ememy fire in the distace, but you do sacrifice some audio quality than when you have stereo sound. As for the stereo sound, it is awesome. I noticed more balanced sound compared to the original HyperX Cloud. The large 53mm drivers allows for a more sound range and does not distort until set to the highest option but is hardly noticable. Overall, a very great headset for the price, but with minor complaints. I definately recommend this headset.
One of the best headset I ever use. Sound quality is really great. After used it for many months I didnt find any issue with this at all. This headset is by far the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn on my head. Im loving it :D
Cant hear my wife!!! Con: Needs a "push" mute button option, not a slide switch. Other than that pretty good.
Its ok.
I absolutely love them! Theyre extremely comfortable and have great sound quality! The only complaints I have are 1. sometimes I jam my fingers between the metal and the ear cup when putting them on and 2. Theyre hard to get used to after using a crappy pair of headphones for so long (because theyre pretty dang awesome)
Best quality for under $100!
When I went looking for headsets the last company I ever thought I would be buying from was Kingston. I mean come on, they rock at memory and thumb drives but not much else.  Let me tell you, for the money, I dont believe you can touch these.  Every review I read pointed me to these, so I bought them and man I am glad I did.  They sound FANTASTIC as long as you have the power to push them!  They need lots of power and you may find you are seriously disappointed when not using the USB audio adapter provided.  The fit perfectly, they are SUPER quiet. If you list to anything through them the rest of the world is muted and the 7.1 surround blew me away in World of Warcraft.
Excellent quality gaming headset. Very comfortable, works like a charm, the 7.1 virtual surround sound is amazing. Even the packaging screams of prestige and quality. Only complain is that the mic is a bit too quiet, but its not a huge deal. P.S. If having troubles with "cracking" or "popping" noises, try switching USB ports and listen to your microphone to fix the issue.
Great sound, easy to setup, and works great with my PS4, as well. The addition of extra ear cushions that are felt is rather nice, as well, since I prefer those. About the only complaint I have is that the cups are a bit on the small side, and I have relatively small ears, but after a few hours of wear my ears will often hurt from the pressure of the headphones. Otherwise a great pair of headphones, and the headset functionality (which is excellent) is an added bonus and sounds crystal clear and great.
Awesome headphones! The memory foam makes it so my ears never hurt while wearing them, and the sound is very clear. The only complaint I have is that the volume control turns it up too much at a time. If something Im listening to is too quiet and I push the + once, it goes up way too much.
Clear, consistent and comfortable to wear.  Id buy this headset again without hesitation.
This is the best headset Ive tested by far. Excellent packaging and outstanding performance. Have been using for Xbox one and PC for over a month now and couldnt be happier. Hats off too hyper x for building a superior product..  Truly impressed!  B.
Weak on bass but comfy.
Just what I orded!
Love them!! For the price that I got them at and quality, I do find this headset being the bang for the buck with the 7.1 surround sound just what you need!
I moved from the Corsair Vengeance 2100 to this and the difference has blown me away. It is incredibly comfortable, sounds awesome, and has decent audio quality for the mic. My friends say its a little worse than the Corsair, but Id assume thats because this one has the foam to prevent a lot of the background noise from coming through. This was an awesome buy for the price, and Id do it again in a heartbeat.
No problems great headset great sound great price
Wished the 7.1 worked on the ps4. Everything else is great
Crystal clear sound! Fits real well :) P.S. it is true about you cant hear whats going around lol
Much better then most of the other earphones.  Metal instead of plastic keeps from so much breakage...very happy with these.
Great headset. I love them definitely recommend to others
Powerful and deep sound. Excellent microphone quality in calls and games. Easy to set up. Durable braided audio cord reinforcement. Comfortable around ear phones that block out almost all external noise. I plan to be using these for a long time. Five stars.
Excellent sound quality and construction. If you are looking for a great headset then look no further. Sounds great in game as well as listening to music. Memory foam padding? Check. Detachable mic? Check. Works with Xbox one? Check. The other nice thing about these is that I can leave the usb adapter plugged into my computer and easily switch back and forth between my xbox one without having to really change my setup.
Ive been very happy with the HyperX Cloud II headset; I only have two comments: first, the surround is not as "surrounding" as Id hoped, but I understand that managing true surround in a two-earpiece system is challenging. Second, as some have noted, the fit is pretty tight for folks like me with a large head. I found that I was able to straighten the curved metal arms some to get a more comfortable fit, but if youve got a big noggin you may want to check them out before committing to them.
The headphones are very comfortable. The design is also very good, as they have a small part where the microphone can attach and detach and there is a cover when Im not using the microphone. The headphone build also seems durable. I look forward to having these function for more than a year unlike some other headphones I have had. And honestly for the price, the amount of stuff that this headphone comes with is quite good--the velour ear pads, the different cable for microphone and volume control, a carrying bag, and a game console connector. I think its very worthwhile to buy. As a semi-audiophile, the sound quality just listening to music is quite good. Its not up to par with some of the actual audiophile headphones but its still pretty good. Overall, if I ever need another pair, I would definitely buy another pair.
works as promised sleek design good fit and solid cables.
Ok, I was NOT paid to say this but GOD. DAMN. Ive been using these with my xbox one for about 3 months now. These are the bestgaming headphones HANDS DOWN. First of all, when I put these on I bout near melted in my chair lol I could wear these for days. Second, the sound quality is very very clear. I wouldnt take it any other way. People say that they lack in bass but they dont, not even at all! The bass kicks in precisely where it needs to be. Literally the first thing I noticed in BO3 and Battlefront, "oooooh! Those are some sexy-ass explosions!" The explosions and bass Are perfect and poppy I love it. The mic on this bad boy is really really clear and someone even asked if I was using a professional microphone! For the xbox one, if you have a new xbox one controller with the 3.5mm Jack built in, you  DO NOT have to get the adapter. When you push the xbox button twice and you go into settings, all the mixing boards and volume control is right there and its fast and easy to use. HOWEVER, if you have the old xbox one controller, you WILL have to get the adapter because that controller does not have a 3.5mm Jack built in. Lol the only thing bad with this headset is the price honestly Haha theyre just so good! All the sounds are clear and you can hear everything. The high frequencies on these Are simply beautiful. All in all these are legit the best and would highly recommend to everyone haha personally, they destroy any competition with Astro or Turtle Beach. Trust me. :D **UPDATE** - So uh, after maturing as a person and calming down because that review is pretty cringy but uh yeah as of Dec. 2016 or Jan. 2017 (a solid year of use) The wire broke... I never threw these headphones, never slapped them up and always treated them with the up most respect they deserve but literally I set them down for dinner time, came back about 30 min later and boom. Broken. This is very disappointing to me and Im very upset. As of now I just bought a replacement headset: SteelSeries Arctis 3 and after doing loads of research, Im confident in that buy since the cable is replaceable and a few added features like a volume dial and mute button for a much lower price. I do plan on continuing my effort in resoldering the 3.5mm wires and these cans are still very near and dear to my heart. Very nice buy but I guess Im a little unfortunate. Ill keep this updated to let you guys know if I fixed the wire problem :)
Ive had this headset for 6+ months. No issues or complaints. They look good, feel good, and sound good.
I have had this headset for about 1.5 years and is has served me well with pretty much no problems but it broke about 2 weeks ago due to the cord on the headset getting slightly pulled rendering the mic useless but the audio is still fine. overall it was a good headset and a rare problem that i still recommend.
Got this for a present and love it
7.1 dope
Mic broke after a month, and sound gets heavily distorted after a few hours of use. Makes the sounds of robotic voices, and sounds like the hardware is failing. Otherwise, when you use them they sound great, and the 7.1 is a nice addition.
Absolutely love it.  I use this for my Xbox One.  Sound quality is great, I expected that.  The biggest surprise for me is the noise cancelling qualities.  They are exceptional.  My wife will try and talk to me from the next room, and I could hear her with other headsets, but I cant hear her with this headset!  They are quite comfortable as well.  Ive owned them for a month and do not regret my purchase of these at all.  Also, the packaging on these is very nice.
When compared to the Razer Kraken Pro, this headset wins it totally. From sound to the microphone, it all sounds better!
Pros: - Sound quality is awesome. You can feel the bass in your head. 7.1 support is good but not that much. - Noise cancellation is awesome. - Build quality is good, you feel its strong but sport looking. Cons: - When you bring the headphone to your neck, it really bothers your neck, strangles it. This is a big problem, I cant keep it on my neck. I have to put in on the table everytime I put it off. - Really hard to change the earpads. - Could give some more space to the height. For me, which Im a big-head type, its kinda small, but no big deal. - Jak multiplier isnt working on my laptop. I have to use the usb cable. - Usb cables controller is kinda far from the headphones. You need to carry the unnecessary cables in your legs to reach it easily.
Overall a good pair of headsets. The sound quality is great, and everyone said the microphone delivers clear crisp sound. But the are some little things that I noticed. On some headsets, there will be a clicking sound but you will grow used to it. And the cord pulls down from the headset itself, just a bit. After a couple hours of use and I take them off, I have noticed a ringing sound in my ears, I am not sure if its because of the headset or if its just my ears.
It works fine with me
It really is as comfortable as everyone says it is. Theres a reason they call it the "Cloud", in which I understand that now. Ive been through turtle beach x12s and a logitech g230 and this blows those two, price considered, out of the water. Quality of materials and durability are incredible for a high-end headset.
Comfy ear muffs, noise cancelling by far, and perfect for listening to music and playing games!
AMAZING headset! I dont think I have headphones this nice and the microphone comes in very clear.
Great sound. Best headset hands down for this amount of money, You will NOT find better sound quality, comfort for this amount of money.
super comfy great sounds. cool box an bag included
Amazing Headset Highly recommended for Comfort and quality sound
Ive used quite a few headsets for my PS4 and havent come across anything as good as the HyperX Cloud IIs!!! They have amazing sound and the quality of materials/quality of build are matched only by the most expensive headsets on the market. I would definitely recommend these for anyone that doesnt mind spending a $100.00 on headset/microphones!! You wont be disappointed. There is a reason this product has such excellent reviews! Do yourself a favor and spend a little extra for the HyperX IIs!
Cant hear my phone ringing in front of me on my desk while playing anything with sound. 20/10 would go deaf again.
High quality, durable, comfotable. It does everything I need it to and more, at an affordable price.
10/10
Outstanding headset. I play WoW and it is a great set of headphones.
comfortable light and great sound mic is very responsive and doesnt sound too modulated barely picks up sound from background but typing is noticeable if you have a heavy clicking keyboard
My teenager ordered this headset for online gaming. He wanted some of quality that would drown out his brothers so he could hear people talking. These do it! Brothers are extremely loud haha. They work so well for him I have to go beat on his door just to get his attention. For a mom, I would love to chunck them because they work to well :) they have also taken abuse well too. He is one just to fling them over on the bed when he gets up and again, brothers tend to get hold of them some. I wouldnt say to go beat them on stuff or anything because Im sure they wouldnt last long. Nothing would, but in general daily use, they do
Comfortable, great sound, and my cats havent been eating the braided nylon cord the way there were chewing through my Sennheiser PC 320 headsets cable.  Noise muffling helps cut out ambient noise.  Cant even hear my noisy pc fans.
Love all the things it has to offer!
Such an amazing headset! It does work with an xbox one as well you just need the adapter if you have the older xbox controllers. Basically it works with anything that has a headphone jack.
The sound was great and the headset was comfortable but the microphone broke within two weeks is normal use.
I purchased this headset to replace a broken headset I used to use for gaming. The microphone volume control is the only thing I dislike. I cant control it from within Windows.
The headset is great! Though I have 2 issues with them. First, I have a big head and this headset almost dont fit. Second, when plug these into my computer the volume is so loud I have to lower the master volume so low it makes it hard to mix sounds the way I like. For the price I cant really complain though. 4 out of 5 would buy again.
Im really impressed with the sound and mic quality. I looked up the specs and the mic is a cardioid pattern condenser. I have a loud mechanical keyboard and the mic doesnt pick up the keyboard sound.
Most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn. The mic is very clear and they work great on the PS4
Very comfortable, comes with changeable ear cups that have different material depending on your preference(cloth/soft-leather).  Sound quality is pretty good.  Easy to use, plug and play.  The mic boom is detachable if you dont want to have it on during listening/gaming sessions.  Headset feels very solid and durable.  Doesnt squeeze my head very tight like some other brands I have bought previously.
great headset, upgraded from a plantronics gamecom 780 that broke on the headband. can not recommend this enough.
Great sounds, lots of goodies, and will make you dead to the world.  There was a tornado going on outside and I didnt know because I had these on.  Luckily a friend came and warned me of the storm raging outside my office window.  Not that great noise-cancelling is a bad thing, just be aware of how much these will separate you from the outside world.  The mic is a bit picky, and needs to be really close to your mouth to sound right.  Again, not a huge issue, so long as you keep it in mind.
There are some online games that I have been playing for years without realizing that I was missing so many sounds. And some games where the new and improved sounds had me jumping out of my seat (who knew a meteorite hitting so close to you was THAT loud and impressive, lol). I use Skype and Ventrilo when gaming and my friends can hear me clearly. Some of the reviews I read complained about the mic suddenly falling out of the headset but I havent had any problems and it seems to be held firmly in place. My only problem with headset is one of habit. All of my other headsets had the mic on the right side; this one has the mic on the left with no way to change it. At this point in time, I highly recommend this headset.
These are one of the best headsets that I have owned and for the price is definitely the best value! I am one of those nerds that researches everything before buying and I could not agree more with those reviews! The ear pads are soft and deafen sound around you and the overall ergonomics of the them while on your head is extremely comfortable.  My one and only issue is with the 7.1 button on the control pad.  It definitely make a difference between that and the stereo setting but I dont think that it is true surround sound and it is especially not 7.1.  Well worth the money so hit "buy now" and get them coming to you via UPS.....Yes, now!  :)
The most striking thing about Cloud 2 to me was its totally high end level of design, quality and set of features vs. the relatively affordable price at which is listed at the time I am writing this. On, and add the versatility of working on near all of todays platforms. Set was, by the way, provided by Kingston as a for review unit. Between myself (a middle of the road gamer) and my kids, weve used more than half a dozen headsets in the past few years, some of them priced many times more than the Cloud II and this one is all the way up there where it counts: - Audio quality is tops. As tested on a PS4 and on a PC (didnt have a chance to use it on a Mac or Xbox One yet) its as good as I expected. Even without the 7.1 feature enabled, the frequency range, clarity and direction were just perfect. And the well-implemented noise isolation make me to actually want to use the set even when I am home alone and dont have to. - These are extremely comfortable headphones. They are not weightless but the design and balance is such that I could wear them for hours with near-zero discomfort. And, if the default leather-padded earcups are not what you want, you can always replace them with the alternative cloth set. - Installation and setup are as easy as Ive ever experienced. Setting them up on a PS4 and on a PC took less than 5 minutes and not much tinkering was needed afterward. I cant compare the Cloud II with the original Cloud set so I dont know if an upgrade is warranted but, anyone looking for a new set that works with PS4s, Xbox Ones, smart phones and tablets, PCs and Macs, has top quality audio, feels comfortable to wear and looks super-cool on your head, I cant see how the Cloud II could possibly disappoint. The odds are that most are going to be happy with their purchase.
I play CS:GO with this. The virtual 7.1 helps a lot with footsteps. However if you are using this headset on Steam applications. Make sure you set this device as default and disable your sound card as this one has a built in one.
Terrific product!  One of the best built headsets Ive had the pleasure to own.  For a price comparable to its competitors lower- and mid-range headsets Kingston has fashioned a very sturdy (all metal frame) and extremely comfortable (padded leather or velour ear cups) gaming headset.  The sound is extraordinarily good with deep bass punctuating like a full-size woofer while the rest of the sound experience comes through crisp and clear.  Being a former aviator I found myself reliving the comfort and feel of a high-end David Clark or Bose aviators headset--easily adjustable, form-fitting over the ears, and excellent sound quality.
Good headset. FYI, on Win 7 or 10, youll have to go into sound mixer and check the option to allow you to hear your mic in the headset. Only a minor complaint, but wish they had isolated the mic boom better. It you rub against your shirt it picks up the sound off the boom.
Sound quality: Very good for general music listening (without the optional 7.1 button pressed). Ive played a few hours of games with the 7.1 feature on and it seems to help in games where opposing player positions are key (CS and H1Z1). What sounds great to someone else might sound like garbage to you, however I think Im growing on these more than my ATH-M45s (for listening anyway, audio mixing should always be done on neutral balance equipment) Mic quality: No one has yelled at me to stop talking, so must be passable, I like the fact that the mic can be detached for when youre just using the unit as headphones. Mic is very easy to adjust physically, as well as the volume control on the inline volume controller. Build quality: Seriously awesome. Very light weight, Im able to wear these for an hour at a time for long gaming sessions. Braided cables are very nice. Accessories: Case will be handy for a LAN, and the option to switch between the cloth and leatherette ear-pads is a huge plus in my eyes. -1 star for not fitting my big noggin ( I wear a 7 5/8th fitted cap) However Im not going to return this because everything else is so great about this headset, and the memory foam ear-pads make for a very comfortable fit even though they dont expand quite enough for my liking. If you have a larger head your mileage may vary on how comfortable you find these cans, however, even with them being a bit too "short" in the adjustment for me, I highly recommend you give these a serious look.
My Son I a big time gamer and it has taken us a while to find a headset that checked all of his "must have" boxes. Worth it !!!
I just got back and was more than excited to open up my package. This headset is a big step up from my steel series v2 headset. This is a great set! The 7.1 surround sound is great, the mic is really nice to use and you can detach it if youre not using it. I have a lot of problem wiith Skype and Raidcall with my steel series. These are working great and hopefully will last a long time to come. I highly recommend this headset! Oh, the packaging was really well done, it came with the detachable mic, two replaceable ear muffs, a airplane jack, and the sound mix, and a bag to carry it wherever you might go. Get this headset, you will not regret it.
Very happy with my purchase
Couldnt be happier. Considering the price and value, best headset ever.
Amazing headset! Way better than my old pair! Great build quality and good sound
Sound is good. Great for gaming in bed with the wife asleep beside me, not going to swap 7.1 surround sound system for it any time soon, though.
Xmas gift for my grandson nice for the serious gamer
the best buy i made this year!
Sound quality - 10. Design - 10. Comfort - 10. Adjustability - 10. Highly recommended.
This headset is just on another level compared to all others, I have used some good headsets but this one is just amazing. Worth every cent!
Great headset. virtual 7.1 surround sound is great. Comfort is good, but the cloth ear cups tend to heat up your ear. Product is still good
These headsets are best i ever had. They feel Great in my head and the 7.1 sounds cool when comes to games and some tecno music. The bass is alright but could be slightly more boosted. The build quality is pretty good. The package was really nice and good impression. Other then that i do recommend these.
great
I bought these headphones after using the Turtle Beach XO Four Stealth for a year. These headphones blow them out of the water. The memory foam is so comfortable and the headset itself is so much more enjoyable to wear. They look cooler, are more comfortable, and are just a high quality headset. Ive had them for a few months now and they are still just as good as when I first bought them.
Best low price gaming headset around.
Durable, good sound quality, however I find the mute switch has issues and wears out.
I was planning on getting the corsair void headset 7.1, but when I saw this I was overwhelmed by how it looks so I felt in love, but I had to check the rating and the comfort of the headset, so I looked it up on YouTube and I was amazed by the stars and the reviews, so I got.
Awesome Thank you
First review i made in amazon, thanks for an amazing customer service client oriented, these headphones do very good and are very comfy, i got problems with my mic, contacted Kingston and boom done, they sent a replacement with no hesitation, very nice person by the way. Totally recommend Kingston product specially because you will have peace of mind with their customer support.
Great noise isolation, very comfortable, sounds great, and my party can hear me clearly.
Excellent headphones. The sound is great and they are the most comfortable headphones Ive ever used. 10/10 highly recommend.
Great audio with the 7.1! I opted to get these over the first revision after doing some strenuous research. The detachable mic is a very nice feature as well if I just want to listen to music on the go. Overall great purchase; would recommend to a friend!
I bought the HyperX Cloud about 5-6 months ago. LOVE the headset. I ended up buying the Cloud II this week, and its just as awesome!! I wasnt expecting them to do any MAJOR updates to it (cause it didnt need it) but it was good to see the same quality went into the headset. So far so good.
Its great I can hear all the enemies foot steps in csgo.
Love these headphones. Great quality and the Mic is crisp and clean. The fit is comfortable even with my small head. It works with PS4 and MacBook. Good for gaming and online schooling. Make sure to get this version because you need the computer adapter it comes with to use it for non mobile devices.
Well built and very comfortable.  Soft leather surrounds allow prolonged use without discomfort.  Sound quality is great and the microphone works as expected.
HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset for PC & PS4 - Red (KHX-HSCP-RD) I’ve had these about a week, and have used them for about 16 hours for gaming and a couple hours of music listening. If something significant worth noting comes up later I will add to this review. Background I am an audiophile, I am old, and so my hearing is not what it used to be. However, I have always had a very high-end stereo system and generally the highest quality headphones. I am also A PC gamer. Fit and quality They are extremely comfortable: they fit snugly, but are not tight. If you wear glasses, you will barely notice the temple pieces, if at all. The leather pads are soft and conform around your ears well including isolating you from any ambient sounds in your home. There is also an extra set of foam pads to replace the leather pads. You can install these if you want something even softer. I have a slightly larger head. I wear a 7-1/4 hat size, and with a baseball cap I am usually in the last one or two adjustment holes. The phones will not fall off when you tip your head back or forward. Generally, they (feel) very light on your head, and after three or four hours of gaming, your ears are not all sweaty and hot. They breathe well, so moisture doesn’t collect. I live in Hawaii, so I am a good test case for that. The material used is high quality stuff. Anodized steel, leather pads for ears and headband, and a hard plastic shell form the ear cups. Attachment points are solid to the ear cups. The only thing I might ding the design for is the wiring to the ear cups. While it is solidly fastened, it is possible to accidently hook one of the wires and perhaps damage the connection. Of course this would be a remote circumstance. My wife likes them as well, because the oval shape of the cups allows room for her earrings. For you dudes that have large ears or wear earrings, especially those big suckers, you may be out of luck. Sound They sound great, and with the isolation you can hear everything the soundtrack has to offer. There is a simple instruction you should follow for set up for a PC. Go into control panel into your sound app and set up for 7.1 that is included in the box. As far as “Virtual Sound” I can’t tell the difference between that and what stereo offers. During gaming I can hear things to the left, right, and center. For music, stereo placement is good and music with a good mix will place instruments where they might be on stage. Classical music: of course violins are on the left and brass on the right. Miscellaneous This company offers a 2 year warranty, and this by itself show that the company is pretty confident about the quality. If there were a lot of problems with this product they’d lose money on a two year warranty. Packaging is top notch, beautiful, well designed and is another clue that you are getting something pretty good. The box is built like Fort Knox and all the doo-dads are packed firmly away in foam. You get a ditty bag for traveling, and adaptors for PC, Mac, and gaming consoles, including controllers. The wire is cloth covered and avoids tangling. I used ear-buds previously and those things always got tangled and fell out of my ears, or loosened.  The cord is plenty long enough and the volume control for the mic and headphones is handy. The in-line control also has a Mic-mute switch, too. All things considered, this is a 5 star piece of equipment in all respects. I did NOT get any perks or incentives to write this review.
Just got these, having the best ear orgasm ever.
Absolutely Perfect. Very durable, sounds great, feels great. Surround sound sounds very good. Very recommended!
Great headset for the price, very happy with it.
there great
This is the most comfortable headset i have ever used. When i first opened the set, i put them on and literally just wore them unplugged and not in use for a half hour because the felt so comfortable on my head. The sound quality is also amazing. I would definitely buy this headset again. I am going to recommend this headset to everyone i know.
Receive about a week ago, works great, plug & play. Very comfortable, wraps awesomely around the ear and sound quality is brilliant also it cancels noise nicely -------------------------------------------------- 5/08/2019 Headset still works perfectly, cord is still in mint condition, earpads are a bit worn obviously but still comfortale and still kicking
very solid, best ive owned thus far
Excellent product and very happy with my purchase!
I like the sound quality for music and audio.  They are also very comfortable.  Very well made.
I can not speak highly enough of this headset. Completely worth the money, a steal at $100 in my opinion. Pros- -quality, as soon as i held these i knew these were quality, the construction is incredibly sturdy and i have a friend who owns these and tosses them in anger frequently and there is not a scratch on them. Extremely well built. -sound, now I am no audiophile, all Ive ever known are $20 dollar earbuds. So i was COMPLETELY blown away at the quality of these headphones. All I did for the days after I recieved them was lie on my bed in awe and blare these. Not only that but in game, I have a huge advantage. I can hear steps across the map in counterstrike and thats no joke. (for csgo players, when playing long you will no joke be able to hear players mid and their positions mid on dust 2). High levels of sound, I was blown away -comfort, I will put in hours with these babies on and forget they are there. For instance, today I put them on today, gamed about 3 hours straight, played music while I did homework for another 2, went back to gaming for an additional 2 and am still listening to music before bed 7 hours later and have zero discomfort. Cons- Neckability, the only complaint I have is that these are very bulky around the neck, not something practical to dangle around your neck for any extended period of time. Not a deal breaker in any manner for me but something that should be noted. Again, not a big deal at all. In closing, buy these. You will waste your money anywhere else close to this price range. Outstanding
Bought for my husband for Christmas, he hasnt opened them yet but my son has a pair and he loves them!
Amazing headset for the price! Dont look any further! To get what is basically an external sound card you cannot ask for a better headset. The difference in sound quality between the 2.1 and 7.1 modes is also so noticeable you dont need to be an audiophile to hear. Just got to YouTube and do a 7.1 surround test while pressing the 7.1 button on and off and you will hear the difference. The headset also unplugs from the sound card so it can be used with other devices. Been using this headset for the last month (mostly for Rainbow Six Siege, amazing audio in this game) and it has been nothing but comfort. It also seems pretty sturdy, has taken a few falls and you cannot even tell. The microphone also detaches from the headset which is quite nice, but I find myself just twisting it up and out of the way instead of detaching it completely (for traveling I might detach it). The mic has much better fidelity than a laptop mic, but doesnt compete with a high-end mic. All in all this a great headset that is hard to beat.
excellent quality product. soundy quality is very good
I bought these HXC2s being very skeptic considering my experience with gaming headsets.... Most of them(headsets ive tried in the past) having sound quality that is not satisfying enough or the mic sucking. Music: Once these arrived my initial thought was wow this packaging is nice, then plugged them into my pc for a quick sound test. The headphones sounded flat, then I turned on the virtual surround, my god did it sound great with all genres of music; clear mids, highs, and a deep bass (Always use the 7.1 surround it ADDS so much depth to what you are listening to). Gaming: Im an avid Counter-Strike player and I must say directional hearing with these headphones work like a charm, I get called a wall hacker now.... Not often but sometimes. +I bought the Rainbow Siege edition and telling where the enemies are by hearing footsteps worked great except the fact that my own footsteps were so damn loud and I cant walk like in CS.
I never review anything, but this headset is so good i felt compelled. these things are the most comfortable thing I have ever had on my head, and most of the abundant noise in my house is greatly reduced. The 7.1 virtual surround sound is amazing I sometimes even use it for listening to music because it just sound so good. While the mic does not sound incredible, when they say noise cancelling they mean it. I was able to be on a Skype call with a movie blasting 10 feet behind me, and nobody could hear it. even if I could choose between this and some $300 pair of headphones, I would choose these. Definitely the best choice you could make.
It was great
Really really comfortable and really good sound just got it today UPDATE 12/27/2015 till now only one problem, i cant like balance between the chat audio and the game audio. like theres no game only sound or chat only sound im using a PS4 and  Laptop . if anyone knows how to balance between them or if i need voice only or game audio only please tell me so i can help others to! UPDATE 1/12/2016 Ok i was wrong the Headset is Awesome and i figured it out ,  you can mix the sound between party and gamesounds in ps4 when you enter a party with your friends press and hold the PS button and select Audio mix and enjoy!!
awesome
Hands down the best headset Ive ever owned.
Very good feels very light
Bought them in October and they worked great for about 2 months and now they arent recognized by the computer. Was very disappointed to see them break after such a short usage in comparison to the logitech g930s that I previously used for 3 years before they broke. I wouldnt recommend buying them unless youre getting a warranty. EDIT: Spoke with Kingston and they agreed to send me a new USB adapter so outside that problem I would rate it 4/5
Good for price but bass cuts out at some level. Minor static but volume plays over it.
Very good quality sound, comfortable, noise cancellation also very good but could be better. Quality product so far (1 month), worth its price tag!
Great sounding headset.  I have owned many headset before but this one has superb sound and the mic is loud and clear.  The mic is a little sensitive so you will have to lower the mic volume otherwise it will pick up a lot of background noise like your breathing and other soft sounds in the background.  The sound that comes through is great a nice balance between bass and other notes.
This headset has great sound quality, build quality, and comfort. It is definitely one of the best headsets I have ever used, surpassing my Razer Krakens and Astros by far. I would definitely recommend buying this product.
I was looking for some affordable headphones for a while that I didn’t mind wearing for hours at a time. I attempted to buy several pairs of different headsets but, they just didn’t feel comfortable and they always made my ears, and the areas around my ears, feel beaten so I ended up returning them. After some more research I ended up buying these. Ohhhh man…. are these sooooo F-ing comfortable. It comes with both Memory foam ear pads and a pair of Velour ear pads. The memory foam pads were comfortable to start but then I tired the Velour and holly molly I lost myself in these headphone and I had yet to play a game with them. After a weekend of going down the rabbit hole of Total War I had zero stress on my ears, or head for that matter. I was so impressed with the Velour earbuds I was ready to make a tracksuit out of the stuff. I hear near nothing with these on and when I’m listening to something a bomb could drop and I wouldn’t know anything about it. Can’t tell you how many times I was catching the darting eyes of my lady because she thought I was ignoring her when it was really just that I had the headphones on. Now she knows better and when I’m not listening for real I just say I have them on anyhow… wink, wink. As for the microphone I would say it preforms very solid. I have used several different types of headsets over the years and there they always pick up some background noises or just don’t sound clear. None of those issues with these. I sound crisp and there is no interference. One nice feature is the control box option. It’s sleek and could to control volume for both mic and headphones but also mute and the 7.1 surround sound. To boot you can detach the headphones from the control box via its 3.5 mm jack which then can be used in any device with a stand audio jack. So if I want to use these on my phone, or anything else that doesn’t have a USB port, I can and that is flexibility I appreciate. I would HIGHLY recommend these to the budget gamer or just computer person and I have since I purchased them. I would also like to note I have had these for over a year now and they are still going strong. No regrets... Velour ALL THE WAY!
I have owned many headsets from Logitech, Plantronics and my last 2 were some higher priced Racer Carachias and Kraken Pro and these put all of them to shame. First is the build quality, all top notch materials and construction which will seem to last for a very long time. Second is the comfort, these include 2 different ear cups but I use the default memory foam cups and they are the most comfortable headset I ever tried. Also included is a gorgeous box and carrying pouch. They dont squeeze your head at all and feel like a dream even after hours and hours. The Mic is detachable and is outstanding quality in both construction and sound. Last but not least is the sound quality! these bad boys use a larger than most 54mm drivers that are also unique in that they use the frequency range of 15hz - 20khz that deliver amazing sound. All the cords are long, tough and braided. Now this does come with the standard analog jack but it includes a usb control for volume and mic and is also a soundcard which allows you to activate a virtual 7.1 surround. The surround was not the best BUT if you use the Razer Synapse Virtual 7.1 surround software it becomes unreal! If I activate the razer surround and then the 7.1 button on the headphone cord I can literally pinpoint any enemy in CS:GO, its outstanding! Every PC magazine and related websites all rate this headset as one of THE BEST you can get, even beating out headsets costing 3x more and I can see (I mean hear) why. Just go read some reviews on these badboys and see how so many praise these. These are worth way more then the crazy low price they sell these out but dont take my word. just do the research.
Comfortable, great sound stage for gaming
Amazing I cant hear my roommates doing questionable things in the room next door when I wear these
I purchased these after the left earphone of the Steelseries Siberia set I had been using stopped working.  The Steelseries were about 1 month out of warranty and the company was not interested in helping me at all, so I decided to go with another brand.  Dont be fooled by the low price point of this headset.  It feels very solid.  More solid than the Siberias.  You can tell it has quality construction down to the braided and wrapped cord.  The mike is detachable and sounds better than the crappy retractable mike on the Siberias.  The headband is padded and comfortable.  This set comes with a set of velour earcups that you can switch out with the pleather ones that  are also included if you like those better.  The USB 7.1 soundcard that is included works flawlessly without any downloads.  These sound very good.  Probably not audiophile quality, but as good as anything else you will get at a sub $200. price point.  The packaging is also well done and sturdy.  Everything is protected and the headset comes with a mesh bag to store the headset and accessories in when you are not using them.  I highly recommend.
Comfort 9/10 best comfort in any headphones ive owned, Sound 8.5/10 Style 7/10 would not wear in public
Great Deal!!  Works great!
item as described
The sound in these headphones is amazing. They are comfortable to wear for long periods of time and the Mic is really clear. Better that any recent gaming headset that I have tried. I have personally changed over to the Velour ear pads as the others got slick when I got hot.
Love them, would definitely recommend them.
Its a pretty good headset. Bought it to replace my astro a40s and they are way more comfortable. Also comes with a splitter, a pouch and EXTRA EARPADS. I cant stress that part enough on how important that is. The a40s dont even have replacement pads to buy. This headset lets you choose between cloth and leather and boy are they both super comfortable. The overall design and construction of this headset is amazing. It lets you toggle between 7.1 and 2.0 on the fly as well as adjust your mic sensitivity and volume and switch mute via the integrated sound card on the cord. Sound quality is superb. 10/10 would recommend to other gamers.
Amazing headset! Comfortable, good quality. Soon as it got here my wife wanted it after wearing it so we ordered the pink one. Will buy again!!
The sound is great and the comfort is much better than I anticipated.  Im enjoying the set so far.
Definitely great experience with this set. Love the comfort and sound quality is pretty great as well. The mic has made communicating in-game a much more tolerable experience. The looks are awesome as well. The 5.1 isnt great, so using it with just the normal sound is a much better experience, but the remote does a great job of clipping onto your person while you game to enable quick muting, volume changes, and extending the cable so you never need to worry about yanking it out of your PC.
Great item
Great sound and condition.
Absolutely great gaming headset, Great audio and mic and is very comfortable on my head even through hours of usage, only con is if I wiggle the USB that it will sometimes disconnect.
Great sound, extremely comfortable, and the mic is better than any other headset Ive owned. Catching these on a sale for around $70-$80 is very highly recommended. Ive used $300+ headsets and these are nicer.
I use my Cloud II for gaming (duh) as well as listening to music and (gasp) work phone calls. The mic is nice and clear and the headset is super comfy and has a quality feel to it.  Easily the nicest multi-use headset Ive ever used.
I love these headphones oh so very much! Dare I say, I actually prefer wearing them over my Bose QC15s. They are super comfortable, my favorite aspect about them are how large the cups are over your ears! They really do engulf them and provide a great seal as to keep your audio to yourself and limit background noise. I can wear them all day and wouldnt be bothered at all. I also game, so I use these in chat over the computer and Ill even plug them into my Xbox One. The mic works well--my sister and friends tell me its even better than my old dedicated mic! I would definitely recommend for anyone who is really teettering on the edge of buying this to just pull the trigger. For this price, you honestly cant go wrong.
Best headset Ive ever purchased
Great headset! I use these for marathon sessions of Ark:Survival Evolved. Fan freaking tastic!  Seriously. I can wear these 4 - 10 hours strait and I get no headache. The ear cups are comfortable even with my glasses on. Strong recommendation on these!
These gaming headphones are easily better than a lot of studio headphones that I own.  I thought the bass would be overwhelming, especially after coming from AKG K240s, but its perfect.  Cant recommend these enough.  My only issue is that the 7.1 surround sound attachment kind of sucks (lots of crackling and popping for some reason)...but I consider it more of a bonus than anything.  Sounds great when Im gaming or listening to music.  Plus they look really cool to boot.
Amazing, simply amazing. Sooooooooo comfortable. I never get the head ache on top of the head due to the cushion bar as I had in the past with other headsets. You will forget you are wearing them. Only con about these are they do not allow you to hear your self talk so I feel like I have to scream when Im talking due to the noise cancellation.
very good
10/10, unbeatable quality for the price.  The detachable mic is a must have for me, Looks better and it is nice to not have a (relatively) garbage headset mic stuck there when I already have a yeti.
I am one in a long line of men in my family with huge ears. Im talking like Prince Charles and Will Smith had a love child ears. I picked these headphones up and have never had a more comfortable experience. the ear cups are soft and formed a good seal while not pressing on my ears at all. In addition, I wear glasses and these were soft enough they didnt press the sides of the glasses into my scalp at all. The sound quality is well above average, though these are definitely designed to be a really good gaming headset and not the best music headphones youve ever heard. If you do long gaming sessions and youve had comfort issues with other headphones like I have, buy these now and enjoy.
Got the HyperX Cloud IIs because I wanted to try a new headset but didnt want to splurge on Astros. It also happened to be available via Prime Now so I didnt have to run out of the house! There are so many reviews to persuade you on comfort (exceptional) and quality of sound (good), but I want to share one more- I got the Cloud IIs primarily to game frequently via PC and PS4. The reviews say 7.1 does not work with the PS4, which is why I took the time to write this review. If you plan to buy or have already purchased, there is a workaround! Plug the headset via USB prior to powering the PS4 (important!). Right when the PS4 is turned on and the USB *connects* press the 7.1 button on the mic controller after the "HyperX" logo lights red. The 7.1 button should turn red as it would if plugged into your PC. The sound is enhanced and louder/bassier compared to just plugging the 3.5mm cord directly to the DS4. Happy gaming!
Got these for my boyfriend as a gift, he uses them every day and loves them! Also very comfortable on your head/ears.
This is a great headset for the price. I do notice a little bit of fuzz when the sound is low, but overall definitely a good purchase.
Great Item and Value
Awesome headset all around, I use it on my Xbox One with a headset adaptor and the 7.1 Surround on PC is phenomenal. Couldnt have asked for a better headset. Protip: the velour pads feel like your head is literally in the clouds. 5 stars.
Best headphones i have ever used, by far.
Extremely comfortable for long gaming/music sessions and love the build quality to price ratio.
Initially felt like this was the best headset Ive ever purchased for the money.  After about a month the mic started to get loose.  I hoped it wouldnt get worse, but a few months later it jiggles around terribly and really annoys me.  Im out of the Amazon return timeframe otherwise Id request a replacement. If it completely dies Ill try and get it fixed by the MFG is they allow it, otherwise Ill keep it around a while and then try a different model.
Excellent Choice with this Price
Buy for the PS4. Ive been impressed with the sound quality of this headset. They are comfortable, very good quality headset without crash on the microphone, clear voice .. It works perfectly on my PC and PS4. Them connected to my ASTRO Gaming MixAmp Pro TR for PS4. The perfect combination in my opinion and experience. I am very pleased and happy with this purchase.
Love it, bought it to get rid of 2 headsets to just one.  Works perfect on Xbox One and PC.  Didnt get 5 stars cause on PC every so often when booting up PC have to disconnect reconnect usb.
Great noise cancellation. Really comfortable and well built headset. It does put some pressure on my head when I wear glasses. The sound quality is good, not premium quality, but the sounds are pretty clear for gaming purposes. It could be a bit better for music listening. The microphone produces a fair clear sound, but it still picks up a decent amount of background noise. Still, great value for my money so far at the 2 month mark. Would recommend to anyone who wants a quality, durable gaming headset for <$100.
Best headsets Ive had in a long time!
Im not an audiophile and cant comment with any authority on the sound quality, but these things sound wonderful to me. Im generally critical of the 7.1 feature, but I was pleasantly surprised by certain games that actually benefit from the simulated surround sound. Battlefront, for example, boasts of its Dolby Atmos sound and it is very noticeably improved over titles that do not optimize for 5.1/7.1. Kingston went above and beyond with regard to their packaging and build quality. The accessories, the headset, and even the box itself give the whole package a sense of top-notch quality. It feels like what youd get if you were paying for something two or three times its price.
Havent had them long enough to say anything about lifetime, but these things just feel well made. My only problem with them is that the noise cancellation is almost too good. When I talk to others it bothers me that I cant hear myself talk (and turning it on through headset is never fun on any headset), but the secondary set of ear cuffs help for if that bothers you.
Great headset, sound is perfect for ps4 or if I detach the mic I can use it on the go for music. I see some people have hard time getting 7.1 surround to work on ps4. Connect to the usb while system is off, turn on, settings, devices, audio, make sure its on all audio, then just press the 7.1 button on the headset it turns red when on. Easy. I would recommend this to friends or anyone looking for a better setup. Even just the fact that the headset has an aluminum frame should be enough to buy it. I got a crazy good deal this Black Friday for only $67 and definitely glad I purchased 
I absolutely LOVE these headphones. I bought a pair and use these more often than my Bose QC20 earbuds because the fit is so comfortable. I alternate these between my PS4 and PC and will never buy another headset. Its very easy to swap from my PC to my PS4 because of the convenient connector. The build quality is phenomenal and they feel like they will last for a very long time.
Sound is great and all the functions are amazing as well.  Reason I am giving it only 4 stars is 2 things.  Number one, If you have a slightly or just plain bigger head than normal.  (  I wear a size 8 1/2 in fitted hat )  which I know is big, but none the less this headset just barely and I mean barely fits my head.  Its almost to the point of making it uncomfortable, but its fine and I am used to this.  2nd issue is without using the USB the aux cord is only like 2 1/2 feet long which makes it really hard to just use it with the analog.  Which I wanted to do so I could use REALTEK to tweak the sounds a little.  This is easily fixed by buying a extension for like 10 bucks, but its the point that it should be longer.  All and all Amazing set minus these few nitpicky issues XD.
I do a lot of work with headphones and by far these are the most comfortable headphones Ive ever had. My head is larger than most along with my ears if its over my head well and covers my year completely. Theres not a lot of pressure holding them on Id wear them all day without any issues. I use Dragon speak all the time and and this headset works perfectly with it. I highly recommend them. I was hoping Nick sound canceling system would be a little better than it is but its deftly not bad.
An amazing headset that will last a long time!
pretty nice headset first time trying them and let me tell you they get LOUD i have it on 50% volume they give u extra goodies.  would i tell a friend about them yeah funny story well my friend has the normal headphones and he loves them so i thought id try these ones my steel series  just was done for me. NO bashing on the company or nothing,
First of all, this headset (by that I mean the part that sits on your head) is EXTREMELY comfortable and well built using metal parts that dont feel flimsy.  I usually have issues with headset squeezing my ears because I have a big head, so this was good for me.  In addition, the 2.1 part of the headset sounds very good and I can agree that itll block out anything else around you, as Ill often miss the doorbell while gaming. However, the other parts of this need a little bit of work.  This comes with a USB sound card that offers "7.1" mode, which is supposed to emulate virtual surround sound.  However, this just equated to the sounds becoming a little louder with some post-processing echo to make it sound better.  In other words....not really worth it.  To make matters worse, the USB sound card comes with a clip attached so you can clip it on your shirt.  It ended up just exploding off on me the other night, so now its just hanging off my headset. I called their customer service to get the sound card replaced and was told "physical damage wasnt covered under warranty".  So, Im stuck with a brick that Ill have to glue something on to get fixed. For what its worth, I LOVE the headphone part of this which is just about the same as the previous model (and cheaper).  The extra $25 or so youre dropping for that USB sound card isnt worth it at all.
I bought these because my last pair of headphones died when the cord came apart. The braided cord is nice and the noise insulation is awesome, but the microphone is pretty much the same quality as my last pair of Turtle Beach headphones that were 2/3 the cost. Not quite worth dinging a star for but definitely something to consider
Great headphones, alright mic. Fantastic buy for the price.
bought this in July 2015 and I absolutely loved this headset, best headset Ive ever had. Currently now the right side of the headset gets no sound and I wish I could get a new one. But I still give this headset 5 stars bc its simply amazing.
Great packaging, great bass, very comfortable (two sets of ear pads come with it, instructions just so-so but good enough.
Didnt buy this from Amazon.com but wanted to share my thoughts. Its better than beats by a a lot. Doesnt work with all smart devices due to the 4pole connector.
So, first of all it looks very nice, the packaging, the headphones, and the accessories. The surround sound is very precise and clear. These things are very durable, the cord is weaved fabric which will not let you down. The sound itself is also pretty smooth and works well while playing games and talking to friends. It even comes with a small bag for the two cords and the mic which is detachable from the headset. The memory foam makes these more comfortable than my beats studios, plus their not super big like some headsets, which could be inconvenient for some people. Another plus is the headphones are adjustable to fit your head which most rigs dont have. The microphone is very clear and crisp. Unfortunatly, although the sound is clear, the bass is nearly non-existent. Now, for things like chatting this is fine, but explosions in cod sound so much cooler with nice bass. I cant hear any bass while listening to my songs and for this reason I dont use these headphones for listening for music. Overall, for $100, this is the best headset you will find. I would recommend  this to everyone who wants the best product for their hard-earned money.
Went through several popular models from several manufacturers till I found this! In my opinion, its the best gaming headset for the money, its actually better than headsets costing double.  Comfortable even with larger ears.
Very good and amazing headset! Simply amazing sound quality and bass, good for hearing your enemies sneaking up behind you >:) or listening to great music. Great quality and great affordable price. Highly, highly recommended. Good seller as well, box it was shipped in was slightly damaged but not the sellers fault, item received was same as advertised.
I reviewed several gaming headsets in this price range. To this was the best. Now that I have used them for some time, they are still the best. Very happy with my decision.
Best low cost headphones I have owned.  Most durable and well made with great sound for a low cost set.
Most likely the best headset in its price range, with superb sound and comfort while wearing. It should be noted, that some of these are shipped with an older version of the USB Sound Card and can produce crackling + popping sounds. Fear not, nothing is wrong with your headset and there is no reason to return it. In case you are experiencing this, just contact Kingston support and they will send a firmware update to your email, which completely fixes the crackling/popping problem.
Amazing headset the 7.1 sounds is really good. The build quality and comfort of the headphones is amazing for their price, I cant believe it!
I own the Logitech G930, Audio Technica AD700, and used the Sennheiser HD 558 Headphones for PC Gaming. I recently purchased the HyperX Cloud II. These are by far my favorites. They are the most comfortable, and audio quality is great. Build design is very good and included product attachments are a big plus! They do have ample bass with acceptable decent mids without the need for an additional amp or audio card. The included USB audio card is fine, and does surround sound. The surround sound is not quite as good as the Logitech G930s, or using some of the 3rd party surround sound features of audio cards and DACs. But the surround sound is adequate, and useful in some games. However, honestly the sound is so decent in just stereo you will probably rarely use surround sound on these. The best part about this headset is its versatility. It comes with exchangeable cups, and for use with standard audio equipment you can detach the mic and USB sound card dongle to use with tablets, laptops, phones, etc. And these look decent enough I wouldnt be embarrassed wearing them on a plane or in public. These are closed design, and do an excellent job cutting out noise. So they would be ideal for use on planes, or to keep out other loud noises at your home if needed, or to use while someone is trying to sleep next to you. The Mic quality is decent. Plenty good for chatting and gaming. But not quite on par with Logitech’s mics, which are probably the best for PCs headsets you will find for the money. Obviously your best quality mics will be standalone products. But lets face it, those are expensive and inconvenient to use. For < $100 this is by far the best headset you can get.
I came from the Sennheiser 363Ds (a $300 set) to these after those broke and Astro before that. I really wish I had bought these first. They are more comfortable and the sound quality is as good, if not better. The surround works quite well and the build quality is nice. I also love the nice long cord and the in-line audio controls. I do like the hard mic on the Sennheisers that can be easily flipped up to mute better than the "bendy" mic on this one, but that is minor. These things are a downright steal for under $100. UPDATE - I knocked off a star because this has one annoying flaw - you cannot hear yourself talk. In most other headsets you can hear your voice back through the headphones, but not in these. And since they insulate outside noise so well, its a bit weird to talk and not hear yourself.
Daughter loves them! Says they are super comfortable. My son liked hers so much that he also bought a pair. Highly recommend!
Unmatched quality for Price would recommend
Works as described.
Very well made.  Great sounds.  comfortable
So far, this has been a (mostly) great headset. The sound quality is great and very clear, with good balance in the mid to lows as well. The Virtual 7.1 Surround Sound is also very good compared to some others I have tried, however i dont recommend using it outside of video games that may require it for hearing precise directions of sounds (such as CS:GO and Rainbow Six: Siege). This is because it attempts to convert stereo to virtual 7.1, which can make certain things like music, YouTube videos, and voices through Skype sound weird and spacey. The build quality is also top-notch, and the memory-foam leather ear-pads and headband are extremely comfy. Not to mention the headset itself is very light, and I have worn it for many hours at a time with little to no discomfort. The clamping force is also fairly medium-light and I believe it would be comfortable for most sizes of heads. The reason I am giving this 4 stars however, is the mic. For $100, you are really just paying for the comfort, sound quality, and build of the headset itself. For some reason though, they seemed to not put much effort into producing a quality headset mic. Compared to my last headset (Plantronics GameCom 780), the mic is inferior in almost every way, and that headset was only $50. This mic is muffled, muddy,tinny, and very quiet unless you have it almost directly in front of your mouth (even without the pop-filter). My friends on Skype said they really didnt like how I sounded compared to my old headset, and that its sometimes very difficult to hear what I am saying even with the mic level maxed. Overall, a great product, and Im glad I got to pick it up for only $70 on Black Friday. If you arent worried about mic quality all that much, but you want a great-sounding, and very comfortable headset for gaming, this is definitely the way to go. Pros: -Sound quality -Virtual 7.1 (for certain games) -Comfort -Durability Cons: -Microphone quality -Virtual 7.1 (not necessarily a "con", but if you use it for almost anything other than certain games it can sound very weird and spacey)
As mentioned in many reviews, the presentation and packaging are top notch. If this is a gift, it will only add to the value because they did an excellent job. I think this is an area that far too many retailers have gone away from which simply adds a nice touch to the customer purchase. The overall build quality is excellent as well. In trying many headsets in the past, this is built better than most. The quality of sound in regular stereo is great and my experience with the 7.1 surround effect was very satisfying in playing games like WoW and FPS. Top it off with the versatility of being able to use it with a mobile device and console gaming makes this a cant lose purchase.
Very nice headset and for only 99 bucks you cant beat it.
its great for long time gaming. Comfortable. Sound is just clear.
Very high quality.  My son loves these.  Me, not so much since they are so good at blocking sound he cant hear me when I call him to do his chores.  Very convenient for him!
Outstanding product, solidly built, exceptional sound.  Very comfortable.
Before using this headset, I was using a Logitech G930 that was giving me all sorts of issues with interference and sound. When this headset arrived, the packaging was really nice.  It was easy to plug-in and start using.  Sound quality is solid. I did have an issue with the USB surround sound dongle.  When using it, I was getting crackling noises.  I had to contact Kingston support and they sent me new firmware for the dongle and since installing it I have not had issues so that it great. Overall, it is a solid headset, and probably one of the best for the price.
I was looking for a headphone with not much pricey but close to quality product. I know that i have to invest a lot for a very quality headphone. I browsed during black friday for deals, and i found this. I gave it a try. A week later, I have no complaints and the sound quality is very decent. Its not similar to the ones like beats (i know, surprised) since it has bass but not too much bass. What Im implying is that it feels like I was listening to a theater. Looks like I made a good choice of this product for a price, and I was surprised by the quality of it.
Great shipping product is perfect
Great. Soft pads. head doesnt get tired fast. Could be a bit warm sometimes but AC in the room will solve the issue. Havent tried microphone yet.
these head shone sound great. the mic is really clean, clear and percise
They work great, sound is incredible. The option to use them with my XBones next level too. Only gripe is that theyre a little small, but then again, I was always known as the bucket head.
I really Enjoy using this headset. Love the surround sound feature. Would give 5 stars but when i have this plugged in my wireless mouse and keyboard wouldnt work. I had a wired keyboard and mouse that would but i have my computer in my living room and am having to be closer to my monitor due to the length of the wire on my keyboard. Also cant use my wireless Xbox Controller adapter when this is plugged in.still would recommend.
Good sound quality, very good microphone and comfortable. Only reason why Im giving 4 stars is because the sound on one side could get screwed up easily. If you drop your headphones one sides sound quality could sound better than the other sides sound quality.
Everything is great, although the mixer is a little hard to attach to things.
I bought these for a relative after building a new gaming pc. I did research, comparisons, watched video reviews and so on before buying them and finally having them in my hands Im extremely impressed. My usual headset are actually $300 headphones with a boom mic and though I love them more and more theyve become unbearable due to the profile of my ears which would always rub against the metal grating on the speaker and generally put my head into a vice from the band pressure. These due no such thing, they have cushions against the grating so theres no rubbing, the band is loose but secure which means no more taking off my headphones every hour and a half to let my ears breathe and it comes with two sets of ear pads so you can change whatever your preference may be. After testing it with friends Ive been told I sound the same as when I use my more expensive headphones so the mic clarity is above average as well. The unit comes with a mini controller on the usb cable so you may adjust how loud you are to those youre speaking too and how loud the audio you hear is independently along with a nice 7.1 virtual surround sound toggle. After returning to my headphones and having problems with the squeezing and ear rubbing I ordered a second pair of these for myself. The all day comfort while gaming is worth any price and thankfully Ill no longer have to suffer the squeeze.
Good quality headphones and microphone.
You dont need the adapter the if you have the new controller that came out.
If I could order them again I would go with the first HyperX cloud, the virtual 7.1 audio sounds best turned off, and thats the only big difference between the two. Otherwise It seems fairly reliable and the build quality is nice.
Awesome sound, great quality, affordable and delivered next day as promised. No delivery delays. Would buy from  this seller again.
Cam from the logitech G35. sound quality is definitely better. the only thing i dont like is the ear cups arent as DEEP for my dumbo ears so sometimes they hit the pad on the inside. its tolerable but my only gripe. other than that i dont think im going logitech ever again.
Great headphones, very sturdy and sound great. Microphone isnt great but I dont use it anways, i have a Blue Snowball instead.
Using it on an XBOX ONE. Amazing sound with no interference.
Great sould
Let me start by saying that I dont usually write Amazon reviews, but after one night with this headset I felt it necessary. Honestly, going into this purchase I didnt really know what to expect, but from the moment you open the box, you know this headset is worth having. The presentation of the headset was extremely well made and professional, and the included accessories were a very pleasant bonus. The headset is a near perfect weight in my opinion, and is almost impossible to notice while youre wearing it. The ear cups are a great size, and will not hurt your ears after prolonged use (looking at you, Krakens). The mic is fantastic quality, and the headsets 7.1 is absolutely amazing. The included sound card/ audio controller also works very well, and was an added bonus. This is easily the best headset Ive ever owned (after owning Turtle Beach, Razer, and Triton), and I feel like I was robbing them for $100. Seriously, Kingston absolutely knocked it out of the park with this one, and if youre on the fence I strongly urge you to choose this headset over some of the pricier competitors.
Love this headset. The sound quality is great, friends say the microphone sound is solid. Been using it for a few months now, and other than some minor fiddly business with my PS4 (mainly the headset not muting when muted), the experience has been flawless. My only real complaint comes on the physical side of things. Within a couple days of ownership, the headsets cable has become twisted in places and wont straighten out. This is just moving from my headphones roughly 12 inches to my left to hang on my headset stand when Im done using them. Function has been completely unaffected, and Ive only lost maybe an inch in overall cord length which isnt a biggy. The line running behind my desk for the USB is perfectly straight.
I love when a product seems too good to be true, but then somehow exceeds expectations.Thats the case with the HyperX Cloud II headset. These headphones work with PS4, PC, and Xbox One (provided you have a stereo headset adapter or a new controller with a 3.5mm jack built in). Unfortunately the 7.1 virtual surround sound module only works with PC through the included USB module, but I havent tried it on a PS4 as I dont own one. The surround sound for PC gaming and listening to music is honestly incredible. Some reviewers have said they dont notice much of a difference. I dont know what theyre listening to; the difference is astounding and measures up to some of the more high-end headsets Ive had in the past with "true" 7.1 surround sound. Having said that, the audio quality of the standard 3.5mm jack without the USB module is still incredible. The sound quality is staggeringly good, particularly on some of the more bass-heavy first person shooters on Xbox. I recently sold some Bose AE2i headphones that I had used for a couple years and decided to pick these up. I expected the quality to be, well, average. I thought there was NO WAY something this cheap would be better than my Bose headphones. I was absolutely blown away when I first listened to music with these on. The sound quality EASILY surpasses the quality of my Bose headphones. Another aspect I was looking for was comfort. I play a ton of video games, and I wanted a headset that I could wear for 3 to 6 hours at a time without much discomfort. After all, anything you wear on your head will hurt after a certain amount of time, right? Yet again those expectations were shattered. I am not only able to wear this for 6+hours at a time, but its actually somehow MORE comfortable to wear these headphones than to not wear them. The faux leather ear pads completely surround my ears and are thick enough that my ears dont rub against any part of the headset while theyre on my head. The microphone quality was also something that was important to me. I wanted to be heard clearly and without any "fuzz" in my voice that you can get with other headsets. Im pleased to say the microphone quality is outstanding as well. On Xbox chat, my voice sounds similar to Skype-call quality. On Skype calls, my voice sounds like Im next to the person Im talking to. Im not sure what other qualities people look for in a headset, but it exceeded every expectation I had. I would have GLADLY paid $200 for this headset, and if the person reading this review is on the fence about buying it, just pull the trigger. You will not regret it. Its easy to ramble on about the quality of this headset, so I apologize for the stream of conscious thought that is this review. This is my second Amazon review, as I only like to write about the products that truly blow me away. 10/10 Michael
I have tried the Logitech G430, and the Astro Gaming Headset and in my opinion this headset is more comfortable then either of those headsets. I dont know what it is but in the other headsets the headband is skinny and puts a lot of pressure on the top of my head, but with this headset the band is wide and it is a  good comfortable feeling headset. I would buy this again it is a really good headset. Microphone quality is great and so is sound quality!
By far and large the best headset I have ever owned.  I dont use the microphone on it, I have a blue yeti from a year ago I use.  Ill try to test it out and if it is sub-par Ill edit. The head set is comfortable by a large margin from what Ive used.  I had to turn down my Windows sounds because of how loud they seem to be.  Great clarity.  I fully regret not giving these an earlier try when I was looking for headsets before.  Would 100% recommend, and actually have to a few friends already.  I just got these in today.
Bought this for my PS4. Had a hard time finding a good headset for a while and decided to go for this. For only $60, it felt very light the first time I used it and certainly it will take time until you get used to it. Was able to wear this for a Destiny raid and never complained. Considering the headset, I would recommend it. Only con is that I have a longer head and with maximum and it fits perfectly with it retracted all the way down. If you have a longer head, consider something else but I think its just good.
Fantastic headset, and Ive tried way too many. If youre looking for a PC headset with a mic, this is the one to get.
I love these headphones, ive had them for almost a year now and there has been absolutely no issues with them. I use them constantly for 6-9 hours a day and take them when I travel. They have one of the better mics that ive heard on headphones, the usb dongle it comes with is also very versatile when using consoles or pc, giving you VIRTUAL 7.1, which makes you feel like youre in the environment (to a point). They also come with either smooth pleather muffs or a soft fuzzy pair of muffs, so even if one tears (which mine have not) you have an extra pair.
Purchased these for my sons birthday.  He loves them and says they have really good sound.  They were easy to install and very comfortable to wear. ** Update, 7 months after purchase and the microphone does not work any more.  And Kingston Technology only gives a 6 month warranty on these.  What a WASTE of $100.00!
great performance.
Got this for my son and he LOVES it! Perfect gift. :-)
Christmas present;works great
good
Works perfectly no issues, I really appreciate the detachable microphone.
A little snug but amazing quality.
Got these for my fiancé for his birthday and he loves them! They are great noise canceling headphones.
awesome
Best headset I have ever used. I like that I can use it with both my PC and PS4. It has great build quality with plenty of connections, very comfortable, and great sound quality. The 7.1 isnt anything super impressive, I really like the USB controller though.
Awsome headset I cant hear my wife when she is talking to me!
SUper product.  Super comfortable.  These headphone are better than than any other pair I used!
This headset is amazing for the price. Works as well, if not better, than headsets Ive paid upwards of 200 dollars for.
PROS: So comfortable. i returned my VModa M100s because of comfort issues(m100 had better sound, obviously). These Cloud II headsets are really like a cloud. amazing comfort. my room mate even wants to buy them to replace his uncomfortable ones. nice stiff boom arm on mic. not afraid of breaking it when i lay them down on desk. plug and play. long cord? decent sound for price. CONS: non-removable cable(not common in this price range) long cord.
Bought three things from a recommendation from a friend and cant believe the quality and comfort for long periods of time. If I broke them accidentally Id buy another pair in a heartbeat.
Hello every1. First of all i want to say it looks top quality product. Its perfect till the smallest feature. Really, its looking awesome. Perfectly comfortable on head. Im a /hard/ cs:go player. Sounds quality is too high for cs:go. I mean pinpon and rest minimum sounds. exactly u will feel the different. 7.1 makes a differance. If i points it on 100, i can give 85 on 100 points. For cs:go and rest online games, its too enough, for me best equipment. U can hear everything with this babe. Thats why i give 4 star, it came in slightly lower bass sound. Im such a bass lover. Its good on youtube videos but not perfectly for me. As a result my overall rating score for cloud 2, 82,5 on 100 points. Thanks amazon, thanks kingston.
I love this headset, it is very, very comfortable to me I love how they packaged it, it is very nice for the price of it. I also like the optional ear cups.  I love them. I really recommend them when they are on discount i got mine for $72 dollars with tax.
This headset is very comfortable! I can wear it for hours gaming in the Xbox one or listening to music on my computer with no issues. My family was watching the new Jurassic World movie with my 7.1 home sound system and while I was using this headset on my computer to listen to music and I could not hear the TV. This color combo works great and you can use it outside your home unlike the regular gaming headsets that are neon in color and just screams gaming headsets.
Very nice headset, recommended. The only bad thing about it, is that theyre little heavy.
I usually stick with my Sennheiser HD595s for gaming but I needed a closed back so I wouldnt bother the people around me or hear them for the matter :p, the mic is pretty good, its no Blue Yeti but the quality is better than the cheap mics you buy and better than a webcam mic (picks up all the noises) overall the sound quality has been good to me. Im using it on my laptop (MSI GT72 6QD Dominator) for gaming and music and while I dont really use the 7.1 feature as much, the overall sound quality is good enough. Comes with replaceable ear cups, so you choose from the leather (default) or the velour/velvet earpads, detachable mic, usb sound card/adapter, and carry pouch. I recommend it if youre looking for a good quality headset!
Looks really cool and the design of the movable mic is practical when you down to eat something.
Amazing headset. This headset drowns outside sounds out very well, it took me a minute to get used to this but I love it. Great quality headset for a good price. I use this with my Astro Mixamp and it sounds amazing. My one complaint is the cord length. It is very short I cant stand up or go anywhere without taking the headset off. Other than that love this headset!
From the packaging to the sound and build quality, everything has been fantastic so far. I got these for 70 bucks on Black Friday but I would easily pay the full amount for them.
My son really likes these compared to many others he has owned.  The ear piece choice is a nice option.
Great headset, fit comfortably, and sound amazing! Not to much bass but not to little. I use these for my pc and xbox one. The 7.1 feature works with only pc but still sound great using my xbox one. I have head a couple of headsets and these are the best I have heard. Really outstanding for the price. I highly recommend it. Doesnt hurt my ears after hours of use.
Excellent build quality, very nice packaging, very nice sound, affordable price. 7.1 surround is underwhelming but worth every penny.
Great Headset!!  Superb Sound!! Great Microphone..... Everyone comments on how crisp and clear my voice is!! Highly recommended!
These headphones are really good. Clear sound and the surround sound option on the volume control make even the smallest sound noticeable. Very helpful especially when playing shooter type games on the pc. Good at blocking out the background noise around you. Overall very good headphones and would recommend them if your looking to buy some to game and watch movies with.
Great gaming headset.
Amazing quality sound. I have a lot of brothers that are noisy and when I am listening to music on my iphone or PC I cant hear them because of the noise cancelling even though it isnt even meant for it! The mic quality is a step up from the first version; much clearer and not much surround sound at all with the 7.1 surround sound button on the volume controller. This is only my second gaming headset and I think I am gonn a stick with thbis one until at least 2 years. The com fort is my favorite part because my old headphones would hurt my ears when I would wear them for hours but no trouble with these at all! I love how you can just plug the microphone out when listening to music etc. Aother great part is how you can use a normal aux cord for your iphone or laptop or the usb port for your PC or Xbox one etc... Big step up from my sades stereo 7.1 pro usb gaming headset. Great price too for such great quality!
Sound quality is fantastic; not as overly warm as Bose headphones, but not as cold as a studio monitor pair. 7.1 is nice for gaming, and sounds pretty good with music as well.  Mic quality has been reported people I talk to as very good.  Crisp and clear.Very comfortable for extended wear.  USB audio is easy to set up and 3.5mm jack is nice to have in addition as it works well with phones.  Havent tried with consoles, but with PC and mobile it sounds great. Minor critiques: The mic could fold away a little better when not in use.  I would have preferred a longer cord from the headphones to the control box, then a short cord from the control box to the USB connector because when you use it for the 3.5mm connector the cord is quite short.
Love them!! Thank you!!
Great headset, feels sturdy yet light and comfortable. Been using it for a few weeks now, and I cant say enough good things.
Great sound quality. Very Comfortable. One of the best headsets i have ever possessed.
Good quality soundand ver comfortable. only draw back is having to unplug the USB to get my PC speekers to work stting defalt sound options dosent work always
I used to own the Sony MDR-X10 headphones but sold them to put money towards a quality headset since I am a gamer on a budget and got tired of using Logitechs H800 for a headset (not designed for gaming or anything multimedia). I researched for months for a headset that would have similar sound quality as the Sony X10s and are just as comfortable. I am no audiophile, but let me tell you... This headset exceeds my expectations!!!.. Detachable microphone, interchangeable ear cups, comfort, design, build quality, and very nice packaging! Dont hesitate to get these!
Nice headphones. Great value
Very comfortable.  Sound quality is great.  Friends that I game with say my voice comes through to them on their end clearer than it did with previous headsets.
Undoubtedly the best headset Ive owned! The sound/microphone quality is superb bar none. The build Quality and Packaging are amazing, Ive never seen a package that well layed out its truly beautiful. If youre thinking about getting this headset do it dont even think about it just do it! also always buy warranties they can be a life saver and will guarantee that the headset stays awesome for a long time
Great sound.
Feels and sounds great for the price point. Super sturdy construction. Inline controls are not my favorite but this doesnt have a mute button to accidentally hit.
It works very well on my Xbox one and my gaming PC. The microphone works well and my friends say they cant hear any static in the background. Also, the surround sound does come in handy when playing shooters on your PC. My only complaint would be that the headset is rather on the small side. Also the cushions can get uncomfortable after a couple hours. I switched them out with the other pair that it came with and now it feels much better. Overall, I highly recommend this headset. If it was a little bigger I would have given it a 10/10, but I wont be harsh over something like this. So a 9 or 9.5 is more reasonable, but Ill keep it at a 5 star.
Awesome sound. I use KDE (Linux based system) all I had to do was pretty much plug these into usb 3.0 and they work amazingly.
Super quality product, made of metal, best headset for price range!!
Awesome headphones!!!
My son really likes the headset.  Unfortunately, the microphone has stopped working after 3 weeks.
Best headset you will ever find for the price. The microphone is noticeably better than most headsets you will ever find.
So I wanted to review this product after months of usage. Bought these back in march I believe and I cannot be happier. The sound quality is great and the mic is good. My friends are all gamers and when I let them use it they seriously wanted to get a pair for themselves. I use these for gamin and road trips thanks to the analog jack. They feel durable and are possibly the best set of headphones i have used.
Very nice product the sound is so crisp.
This is the 4 or 5th headset i have used in the past two yeas as i am a pc gamer and i must say this is by far the best headphones i have owned. on a scale from 1 to 10 as 10 being the best. sound-10 comfort-10 ease of use 10.
Amazing headphones...great price, great sound, great microphone, love the USB 7.1 virtual surround sound option while still being able to use the headphones and detachable microphone with just the audio jack. I dont think you can find comparable headphones for the same price, also extremely comfortable for long durations. This is actually the second pair I have purchased as my dog unfortunately destroyed my first pair, but dont let that fool you into thinking these arent sturdy they are very sturdy and well built! Thats why I just had to replace them with the same exact headphone (full disclosure I went with gunmetal instead of red this time)
Love it so far, really nice, USB dongle working better than g430s. I would have rather got the original though.
these headphones are amazing huge step up from my turtle beach x12s
amazing could recommend enough perfect for a budget or even a primary use for a headset
Great Headphones. 7.1 works good on some games, not so good on others.  7.1 is more of an Omnidirectional type stereo effect than an individual direct surround sound channel. Still great for a headphones sound that fills the entire space.  If something is coming from behind it sounds like its coming from behind, above, and to the left or right depending on which direction.  Dont let this discourage you from purchasing this great sounding, feeling, priced headphones.  These are super comfortable. I forget that I am even wearing them after hours of gaming.  The memory foam is amazing around your ears and on the top of the headrest.  I got them on sale for $88 and would buy them again even at full price. Just buy them already and enjoy a great product at a great price.
Worth every penny. As a gamer and programmer I frequently spend hours at a time at the computer playing games or listening to music. This headset is built sturdy and comfortable for hours at a time. Sound quality is great.
These are awesome.  Beats anything else I had before them, hands down.  I dont have to say more than that.
Best headset I have gotten in a long time, even after a few months use, it feels like brand new. Would recommend!
I really like this product. High quality, reasonable price, and it can be uses on a pc, gaming console or on other devices. Amazing.
awesome gaming headset awesome quality awesome comfort awesome mic
This is probably the best quality headset I have ever bought. It doesnt fit well with my glasses, but my glasses are shaped weird. The headset is boxed in a high-quality box that is really beautiful in design. Whenever I opened the box, you could see the great quality and effort that went into making this product. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
This is an awesome headset, especially for the price. However I am disappointed with the bass of this. Its almost non existent. Other wise this is a great headset
Bought it for friend and he really like it
Best bang for the buck
Sound great I love these. best gaming headset I have ever owned.
The headset is comfortable and sounds great. However, when plugged into the included sound card, static is audible in the background, and the audio pops and crackles at higher levels. This doesnt happen without the sound card, and it would be nice if these came with an audio splitter so that I can use the microphone with my PC without having to use the sound card.
Beautiful headset that came with interchangeable ear slots if you dont like the cloth pair switch it out with a leather pair. It also has a very sturdy cable and the detatchable mic was a spectacular idea. Very comfortable and doesnt cause irritation like some versions of turtle beach do. The sound quality is by far the best Ive experienced out of all the headsets Ive owned. The only question I cant answer yet is how long it will last me.
happy happy
Good
I have literately gone through 10 headsets of all different kinds and types but this one was the best not just in price but also how well it works and how durable it is. this is the best headset i have ever owned and i have owned high end 300 to 400 dollar headsets i will recommend this headset to any one. its soft and doesnt hurt your ears after playing games for 10+ hours. the mic is amazing and picks up everything im a big guy that breaths hard so i actually have to point it away from my face so it doesnt pick up my breathing but most people wont have a problem with that. if your on the fence i will tell you it is worth it you can even contact me if you have questions or even to see if im real.
My favorite headphones I own, the USB with my computer works perfectly. Great for training videos.
I came to this headset after having a Rosewill 5.1 headset for about a year or so before that one stopped working, so needless to say, the quality expectations from the Rosewill to the Kingston HyperX are completely different. Briefly, here are my thoughts. Pros: -Immediately noticed a difference putting them on. Very comfortable, and the ear pads fit over and around my ears, instead of slightly on top. Theres a reason its called the cloud! -The sound quality is great. They are not particular bass heavy, but offer a decent, overall range for every listening need. Highs are crisp, mids are clear and full, and the bass is tight, but not overpowering. If bass is your thing, look elsewhere. - The 7.1 virtualization, while not mind-blowing, really does a lot to enhance the sound stage of the headphones, feeling more like you are inside a space, instead of having 2 speakers pressed into your ears. Not as impressive as true 7.1 surround sound, but a nice feature to include. -They look good and feel sturdy. A common problem Ive had with plastic headset designs is that the connector between the ear cups and the headband snap. I have a fairly large noggin, and these have no problem adjusting to fit. - The headset comes in great packaging and come safely nestled inside a protective, heavy-duty box. When a company doesnt skimp on the packaging materials, it feels like they care, and so should I. Cons: - No software offered to customize basic things like equalizer settings. Overall I am happy with this purchase, and plan on spending much more time with this headset.
Had these for about 2 1/2 months now they work well please keep in mind that SURROUND SOUND DOES NOT WORK WITH PS4 or XBOX1. I believe the only way you could do this is buy buying a mixer and run the headphones through the mixer. The headphones are loud and very comfortable and the mic works great. No one has ever complained about me being too low and Ive never had any issues with hearing people on my squads. I own a pair of Plantronic Rigs that I handed down to my son when I got him his playstation about 3 months ago which arent bad at all either, but I prefer these a lot more and my son basically uses these whenever I am not playing so Im not the only one. Well worth the money and hard to find a better headset at this price level I would highly recommend to anyone. I also had a pair of Turtle beach PX22s and they were literally garbage compared to these i returned for my money back and spent a few extra dollars for these and I dont regret it not one bit these are way sturdier have better sound and a lot more comfortable.
I have now owned and been using this headset for a few weeks and I have to say that this headset is awesome! I had previously owned a Turtle Beach X12 and these a massive jump from the X12 without breaking the bank! They are very comfortable, even after 12 strait hours of gameplay  (I gave them the full test )! They sound really good not only as a gaming headset, but for music purposes as well. I do like having the choice between the two different headset cushions, however, even though I use and find that the non-leather ones are more comfortable, they do lose a little sound "proofness"; however, this is by far not a deal breaker! I love the removable mic! This is a headset that is great for the value! It is aesthetically pleasing, comfortable, and does NOT feel cheap! Heck, the box this bad boy comes in is even engraved with the companies moto! Thanks Kingstong Tech for making such a good headset! I have been recommending this headset to all of my friends!
These headphones are beautiful, comfortable, and sound amazing. You can turn on/off the 7.1 surround sound... but why would you want to turn it off. The noise cancellation is amazing on them and adds to better music quality overall.
Too bad you cant singularly purchase or find the "USB controller cord with volume control for headset and mic and a button to activate 7.1 Surround Sound."
Cups are a tad tight for my head but the construction and performance of this headset are excellent. Highly recommended.
Very very good
Bought it after using a g930 for 3 months and the quality is far superior
I was shopping around for a good headset for gaming and general computer use. These definitely hit the spot!  With everything included with the headset, they sound pretty good.  Definitely lacking in bass though. I previously had a Turtle Beach DPX21 that came with the Ear Force DSS 7.1 surround processor.  The sound on those was surprisingly good when I got them. The bass was strong and explosions sounded like the end of the world!  The included 7.1 USB sound controller from Kingston wasnt cutting it for me, so I paired the DSS with this headset instead and now my sound is so much better. I pumped the bass up to about 80% on the DSS and now it sounds like it should have!  You can put it all the way up, but I feel that it becomes a little boomy in games where you want to be able to hear everything, but works well with music and movies. The highs and mids are clear and the improved bass adds more dimension to whatever youre listening to. The sounds come in nice and clean even at higher volumes. They are also very comfortable to wear for extended hours.  Reminds me of my Sony MDR-ZX700, except with some actual bass.  Surround sound 7.1 works flawlessly using the optical input on the DSS. Since the DPX21 works with the PS4, Im guessing you could use this setup for 7.1 using the DSS on your PS4.  Id have to try it and see, although you wouldnt be able to use the mic that way.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone!  I havent had the chance to try out the microphone, but Im sure its good as well.  Attached is a picture of my setup, before I added the optical connection.
Awesome headphones that work with anything with a 3.5mm jack (aux cord). I can use it on my phone, computer, Xbox, or Playstation. Exactly what Ive been looking for. Only problem is the sound quality isnt great on xbox one but thats because everythings wireless now so its only stereo sound.
No drivers to install. Audio was crisp, mic quality is excellent. This headset really does the job well. Ive used the logitech g430 headsets before and to be honest the confort level is about the same. Hyper X also gives you another set of "hairy" ear muffs which i use to "combat" the sweat which would otherwise be more prevalent on the "fake" leather ear muffs. Overall, if you need a headset... just get this one, you wont go wrong.
Let me start off what a great product.. An some of the fasting shipping I recived in some time. The packed  Superbly. The plug an play usb  dongle is the deadly. The 7.1 is the that bad  nothing bad to say
Got it for my ps4. It sounds good but you cant use the volume and chat audio buttons that is attached to the wire for the ps4. You have to go into audio device settings to adjust the volume for your mic and game audio which isnt that bad but I really wish I could just use the buttons like you can when using it for PC . its really comfortable and the cord is long and just feels durable. Would recommend despite the one flaw.
Best headset I have ever owned.
surround sound is a bit weird, only downside is quite a big mic (especially compared to my old headset Siberias V2).
Great headphones! You cant hear anything around you when they are on your ears.
When I ordered these I was expecting not the best, but boy was I wrong. My previous headset was the Roccat Kave XTD 5.1 Digital. The controls and versatility were nice, but quality of those for the price are subpar. Had constant static after 9 months of use, couldnt take it anymore and ordered these. Out of the box better quality sound and feel then Roccat Plug in and Play usability, no waiting for a slow download from the Roccat site. Better noise cancelling quality. Detachable mic, is a nice feature. I can not comment on the 7.1 yet.
Excellent
This is just an initial impression since unboxing the headphones: Audio: 5 stars.  * Sounds great via 3.5 jack and via USB.  * Windows 7 installed intalled it automatically and it shows up as HypderX 71. Audio in the Playback device control panel.  * Good base Physical attributes: 3 stars.  * They look like $20 headphones.  * The earpads smell like vinyl shower curtains. Give them time to air out.  * The detachable mic boom looks good and attaches securely to the headphones  * Has quite a bit of clamping force. Big heads beware :-)  * USB control is awkward (upside down) if you leave it on the desk. This is only slightly annoying.  * 2 types of earpads is nice. However, these arent easy to interchange since you have to slide the vinyl sheath into the earphone slots. (see pic)  * Mic slot cover on earphone can be removed completely off of the earphone. (see pic) They are about right for the price I paid.
These are great headsets. High end sounding headphones for the price range. Cons: There is no mute button. Although the mic is detachable. Also, its a bit heavy and Im prone to migraines so if I already have a headache they press down on my head from the weight. Otherwise, they dont bother me and it doesnt feel overweight and it does have padding in top of your head I just wanted to mention theyre not light. They do not squeeze the sides of your head.
Great Quality and delivered on time! 10/10  :)
So mine came in last night, the Amazon one day shipping is nuts. I had a lot of issues initially getting these working, the headset has a single audio jack coming out of it, a headset jack, which I never knew was a thing. There is a hard plastic splitter you can plug into, but not only did it not work, it barely plugs into my keyboard and it wont fit in the back of the computer. I finally got the headset working by plugging into its usb adapter and it worked right away. The headset jack works fine with my laptop. Anti-noise - it has the best passive noise canceling of any headset Ive used. Its noise canceling is second only to the bose headphones I had that take a AAA battery. The sound - its very loud, very clear, possibly the best sound Ive heard out of headphones. I read somewhere someone said it was too quiet, I dont see how thats possible unless you have massive ear damage. I have to turn them down to less than half output or its way too loud. The mic - I like that its removable, I wish it could swing out of the way, I like how flexible the cable is. The one video call I made the mic was reported as very good, very clear, and in particular it was especially good at cutting out all other sound. I put my face up next to a noisy fan and the listener couldnt hear it while he could still hear me. Problems I had with them initially put aside, I highly recommend these. I ordered another pair for an xmas present and recommended to my friends.
Great headset, I have owned many medium end gaming headsets such as plantronics, astros, sennheiser and these by far take the cake, very comfortable, crystal clear sound and bass definition, as well as an awesome microphone. Definitely recommended.
This is THE best headset ever. And I am not joking when I say that. I cant find any other headset that can match the comfort and sound quality of the Cloud 2s. Off the bat, the presentation of the box was amazing. Everything was packaged tightly and nicely. As I put on the headset, it was just almost the most amazing feeling ever. The leather/pleather is just so soft I cant even describe it. All I can say is, its soft leather. Its so soft xD. The sound isolation is great as I can barely hear what the person next to me is saying which is a plus for a closed headphone. The 7.1 Surround simulator sounds great! I can pinpoint enemy footsteps in CSGO and other games alike. This is the best headset I have ever used. I came from the Turtle Beach X12s to the Cloud 2s and Im probably never using a Turtle Beach ever again. The X12s are probably the worst headsets in the world. My ears ached after half an hour of usage and I got headaches. Never buy the X12s. Get the Cloud 2s today! Oh and the mic quality is excellent :)
So far these things have been amazing, great sound and very comfortable.
Sounds great and feels comfortable on my head. It does a nice job of blocking out outside noise.
I love it.
sound is very crisp and better than a lot of top of the line headsets and for the price it doesnt get much better!
Ive owned so many different headsets, most of them are for gaming, I can tell that this baby is a keeper. The quality is extremely high for what you are paid for. The 7.1 surround sound feels really real. The detachable microphone is a plus. With a bigger drivers than other brands, you really enjoy the quality for those that are into heavy metal or rock. I sometimes wear them for hours and I cant even tell if I am wearing them most of the time. The first thing that impressed me the most was the packaging. I know for a fact that Kingston took their time to make sure their customers feel special, and I did. Well done, Kingston!! The included bag for the headset is another plus.
Works and sounds great.  Use for close sound monitoring on video editing (non-professional).
Ive tried a lot of expensive great sounding headphones and always get disappointed because theyre uncomfortable. Fantastic sound quality means nothing when the headphones begin to hurt your ears after 10 minutes of use. These headphones are AMAZINGLY COMFORTABLE.. and this is coming from someone that find a lot of other so called "comfortable" headphones uncomfortable. The sound quality is good too as is the build quality. Ive been using it on my PS4 and gaming PC and they work fantastic.
Amazing sound and are extremely comfortable, 100$ is a steal
I have had this particular pair for a few months and I love them! I made a great decision in getting them and you will to if you do the same. I pretty much use them exclusively for gaming and I game! A lot! The quality of the headset and audio are both superb.
Great sound, the fit is comfortable, and the microphone works well for gaming and business calls on Skype.
The only problem I have with this headset is I have a decently large head and this headset does fit but it is pretty snug. If it was even just a few inches longer this headset would be perfect. That said I bought these when my Logitech G930 Headset died and man do I consider this a upgrade, Aside from the problems I had with the wireless cutting out and so on these are so much louder and have a much better sound quality. Worth Buying without a doubt. My favorite headset Ive owned.
Great sound, mic works well with minimal echo. The USB attachment is buggy for me and seems to only work half the time. I have to unplug it and plug it back in every so often. Other than that, the headset is amazing.
Amazing sound and design. Crisp 7.1 surround sound and solid metal with the softest cushioning over ears and on head. Top notch headset!!!
I bought this for my cat, she loves it!
good quality, comfortable.
I previously had the Siberia V2 headset for probably around 3 years, they were great but were finally starting to show signs of breaking down so i decided to invest in a new headset. Everyone has been hyping around these hyperx headsets so i decided to give them a try. First of all their packaging is excellent, absolutely no complaints there! Opening them up i was slightly disappointed to find that the control box for your headset sounds was on the extension cable so this is pretty annoying as a PC gamer as i dont need this long of a cable when my computer is right next to me... so  a minor annoyance there. Another thing, compared to the design of the Siberia headset, the hyperx headset is slightly more unconformable when wearing. However the addition of extra earpads are really nice! All in all this headset is extremely nice, the sound quality is great and its confortable enough to wear for hours on end! my only gripe is that they forced me to use this long cable when i dont need it as a PC gamer.
Sounds great, mic works well in business meetings.  Comfortable to wear.  Great product.
Super nice packaging EVEN BETTER SOUND!!. Also its super comfortable for someone with a HUGE head like me this thing feels like I have toilet paper rolls on my head.
great headset for 100$
Great headset with lots of nice features.  The headset is light-weight and rests comfortably on the head.  The ear-cups go around the ears instead of sitting on the ears which also makes this headset comfortable.  The included usb cable provides more functionality with volume up/down for both the headset and microphone plus a 7.1 surround sound feature (which is more virtual surround since it just merges the channels).  Without the usb cable the headset uses a 3-ring connector that will work with most smartphones or media players.  As per the description there are other wonderful accessories included.  I like that the microphone can be removed if youre just using the headset for listen.  In my experience, when using the microphone everyone could hear me clearly.  However, there were cases where the microphone still picked up too much background noise.  I also had a few cases using VoiP where the person I was talking to said they were hearing their voice echo back to them with a delay.  Bottomline is that I would recommend these headphones.
To quote my college aged son: "these headphones are freaking awesome!" I bought these to replace an expensive turtle beach pair that lasted all of 2 months before the ear piece snapped off.  He had a pair before that (not sure of brand) and they lasted almost a year before breaking at the same joint (also plastic). This pair feels well made and the head piece that joins the ear pieces is METAL, not plastic.  Ear cuffs (?) have memory foam in them so they are comfortable and the sound quality for regular sound is fantastic.  Hes going to try the surround sound tonight after classes but I expect it to be impressive as well. This seems to be a much better quality product when compared to other head phones in the same price range.  It does require a head phone adapter ($29) to use with xbox one but thats not unusual.
They work really well and cancel sound nicely
A few issues with crackling right off the bat. They seem to go away after theyre plugged in for a few minutes, but still annoying. The microphone does a good job of canceling unnecessary sound, and the headphones are overall comfortable. Sound quality is nothing exceptional and the microphone quality is dull, but completely clear. That is more so a result of the necessary noise cancelling than flaw. These will work for PC, Mac, and PS4, but will require an additional peace sold separately to work with Xbox One. Overall a good headphone compared to the competitors. I picked this up at $99.99 50% of retail price at time of purchase, a great deal for the product. I would certainly recommend these for gaming as advertised, but not the greatest for music. I will edit this review if an issue arises with lifespan.
This Headset is the best kept secret among all headsets.  The price is moderate, the packaging is outstanding, and you get a lot in the box for your money.  Thats nice, but wouldnt matter if the Headset was bad.  But its great......VERY comfortable right out of the box, and the sound is excellent.  This Headset is a quality build too, which is very evident on first inspection.  I use my Cloud II for my PC gaming and this Headset makes gaming on my PC as enjoyable as gaming on my consoles.  In Red & Black or GunMetal & Black they both look good.  You wont beat this Headset at this price....you would have to go up to the $300 neighborhood, and then you must question whether the marginal improvement is worth the extra cash.
good headset
Pros: - Incredible Build Quality - Impressive Presentation - Swappable Ear Cups - 7.1 surround - Good Sound - Amazingly Comfortable - Detachable Mic - Price Cons: - Lacks bass Comfort: 10/10 Ive used headsets such as Beats Solo, Bose AE2, and Tritton Trigger, but the HyperX Cloud II is hands down the best headsets Ive ever used. The most important elements of headsets (for me) are its comfort level and sound. If its not comfortable I find it pointless to keep them on my head, and I feel the same about sound. First Id like to talk about how comfortable these headsets are; I love how comfortable the Bose AE2s feel, its almost like wrapping a pillow around your ears. And while the Bose AE2 headsets are still the most comfortable headphones Ive ever used, the Cloud IIs are a very very close second. The only reason the Cloud II is slightly less comfortable than the AE2 is because its a bit heavier, however I cant complain because the Cloud II is made of much better materials. If you want to get an idea of how these headsets would feel, you can stop by your local Target or Best Buy to try on a pair of Bose AE2s and imagine a slightly heavier version of that. Sound: 9/10 Now on to the sound: Ive tested these headsets on PC games, watched trailers, movies and tested them on the Xbox One, and while I thought these headsets sounded great in 7.1 surround and really good in stereo (clear, crisp sound) I found that the headsets lacked that deep bass. I personally enjoy feeling that rumble coming from subs when you hear those deep lows, and I was a bit disappointed when I didnt feel that deep "punch" when I heard my first explosion through these cans, however, the sound is still very good regardless. Build Quality: 10/10 Out of all the headsets Ive mentioned, none of them come close to the build quality of the Cloud II. Everything from the memory foam ear cups to the wire itself just screams quality. The box that it comes in alone is just simply impressive; everything is packaged neatly and securely... the presentation just has that "wow" factor as soon as you first open it up. Its difficult to imagine that these things only cost $100, especially when you have Beats and Bose going for a lot more. Conclusion: You wont find a better headset for less than $100. If the 7.1 surround isnt important to you, then you can save some money and pick up the HyperX Cloud, but the Cloud II headsets are an amazing buy. You get amazing quality and sound for a great price. You wont regret this purchase.
no matter how you look at it.. it is worth the money
Niicee
These headphones are AMAZING! I wholeheartedly recommend these for anyone who has ears! Theyre super comfy, made of metal, and they work out of the box. Speaking of box, opening these things was a delight! The box is one of those jewelry kind of ones and everything is in that foam stuff with individual spaces for each part. Very much plugnplay and the sound quality is excellent! The surround sound works flawlessly, and is incredibly immersive. Best part, though? If faux leather makes your ears sweat (*raises hand*) there are REPLACEMENT CUFFS! Who does that? And theyre real VELOUR! Try saying that without sounding like Zap Brannigan! You cant do it! Thats how awesome these headphones are!
Awesome headset for the price all the performance of regular headphones with none of the usual drawbacks a headset is known for.  Clear sounding mic and easily detatched when playing solo.  Would recommend this headset to anyone who isnt a complete audiophile or anyone who dont feel like dropping $400 on a pair of headphones with seperate mic.  Clear crisp sound and hours of comfortable gaming.
My boyfriend loved these. He thought I was just being a nice girlfriend, but really I wanted the headset he currently had which was the Kingston HyperX Cloud Core Pro. Neither of us use the mic attachment, but really enjoy using the headset due to how light it is especially when gaming for long periods of time.
Great and cheap headset. Most headsets are in the 300 dollar range, was able to get this for 110. The USB soundcard is so useful from going back and forth with Xbox and PC. There is some crackling here and there but that might be my sound card in general. Great product, would highly recommend it!
OHHHH YEAHHHH, These headphones are amazing. Lets do a run down of my experience so far: Right out of the shipping box, the package they send these in looks amazing. Were talking Apple-level design quality and presentation that I was 100% not expecting. You start opening the package up and BAM! free carrying bag, extra pads and a 2 pronged adapter. I didnt expect any of this, I love it. Great start. The Mechanical Stuff: These headphones are GORGEOUS! Holy s***, that red brushed aluminum gives me a half-chub, no lie. The HX logos on the side come with that sweet peel away film, although they have the brushed look as well, which I was initially not a fan of. The pads are soft as hell as many other users have described. They are insanely comfortable along with the padded top which is an added bonus coming from a semi-hard top pair of Sonys. The mic is detachable which is cool but it is left side only, which is not a problem for me but good to know. The volume controller is kinda heavy which is annoying because it either hangs down and pulls the cord or sits in your lap with a tangle of wires. Such are the woes of superior wired headsets Im afraid, oh well. Last, not that it matters but the LEDs on the controller look sweet. The technical stuff: First thing everyone wants to know about, the crackling/popping. Yes, it is there at very high volumes but ONLY when 7.1 surround is enabled and to be honest, its not very noticeable. I would not have noticed it if so many of other buyers had not pointed it out before I bought these. I have to imagine this is something to do with the increase in volume you get when switching to this mode, not entirely sure on the details but the fact of the matter is, you should not be using this mode unless you specifically need it. I only use it when I am gaming and only on games where sound direction is of the utmost importance like Counterstrike (really the only reason I wanted 7.1 in the first place). The ability to control volume and mic level on the controller is a plus despite the negatives I listed in mechanical. The ability to switch 7.1 surround on and off on the controller is a HUGE plus and something I think every brand with 7.1 should have now that Ive seen it. The 53mm drivers are super clear and a tad bassy but if bass turns you off then you have issues. The mic quality is great although I am noticing low levels registering despite having it turned all the way up on the controller. Friends have not told me I sound soft so I will chalk this up as a user error on my part. Overall, these things are amazing. I was blown away by the build quality and presentation most of all. If you need 7.1 surround for your games then these are 100% worth getting over the Cloud I. If not, save yourself $20 (and the faint static) and go with the downgraded model. These headphones have changed my gaming experience, I cant and wont stop bragging about them. Ever.
Most comfortable pair of headsets I have ever purchased. The sound great too. No 7.1 on Xbox but the stereo drivers are worth the price anyways. The headset is easy to mix game sound and chat. The braided cord never gets tangled and the mic sounds very clear in chat. Excellent made product. For the price you will not be disappointed.
By far the best headset I have ever owned. This headset not only includes great audio but is a very clear USB sound card. I garuntee you will not regret purchasing this headset. I cant image someone disliking this headset, unless of course your standards are A40s. But I agree on all levels, this headset is great for price and quality. You deserve an A+ Kingston.
it hurts for 3 to 4 hours of use but the sound quality and the mic quality is really nice. 7.1 card needs some work.
Everything is well A++++ only one thing i missed There is not a sound unit in the handset or wire. Anyway i recommend it. A++++
Very nice!!!
HyperX Cloud II really are an extremely good all system headset. The quality and comfort are amazing and the sound is as good as I was expecting. Would recommend these.
Recently bought the headset Its been good so far, tested the common errors with the headset and a few popped up. Playing several audio tracks from youtube resulted in a crackling noise which is somewhat bothering. I also bought this headset as I read that it was able to connect to mobile acting as another headset to play music or for miscellaneous purposes. But after testing the headset on my Blackberry Z10 it failed to play the audio. The audio would play but instantly a second after hearing a word uttered, the audio would stop and crackling sounds would keep repeating.
The surround sound is nice, however theres almost no bass that you can really "feel". I had to plug my amp into this to enhance the bass to an enjoyable level. EDIT: Apparently plugging the USB into the rear of the computer feeds it more power, thus a more powerful bass response. Fixed.
Flawless headset, and a really elegant package.
Great headset
Goof headphones. But the lack of software to manage bass/treble easily through their proprietary USB sound card is a glaring miss...  Just a huge screw up.
Fantastic purchase. I couldnt be happier with this headset. For music the Surroundsound 7.1 is fantastic, same for gaming. The headset is exceptionally comfortable and I can wear it for extended periods with no problem at all. Well worth the price.
Extremely Comfortable, Excellent 7.1 Surround Sound. Been using it for 5 months, Best gaming headset I ever owned. BUY IT.
awsome headset
its everything i expected out of them. and i dont have that tone issue coming from the usb unit. i can wear the headphones for hows on end(big time league player)
About the popping with the USB, I only got quiet popping sounds and they eventually stopped after using the headset and now they never happen Also they comfy af
Good sound quality and construction. very happy but would have prefered the option of Y connectors.
absolutely worth every cent. these are very comfortable to wear and block out all noise except for what youre intending to hear (gaming, music etc).
The best thing Ive spent money on so far this year, sound quality is amazing for the price. I will be buying a second pair for my playstation only soon.
I am enjoying this headsets durable feel, and when you open the box of these headsets you really feel as if your getting your moneys worth, as everything is packed in neatly and easily removed at the same time, no struggle but soundly secure. The accessories provided are a sweet deal especially the extra set of ear muffs (different texture) however this does expand the overall lifetime of this particular headset, The detachable mic is also a big win since i use a Blue yeti for voice communication. The clip on the back is quite useful too as i just attach it to the stand of my yeti and unplug the headset from the volume control and straight into my phone for calls or my 3DS for when im just surfing the web/chatting, plug it back in the volume control and its good to go no need to go back into sounds and set default device. This headset is so universal and durable, im not sure if i could go to a different headset or that kingston can make one better, To kingston Technology Company, Inc. : Just some input from a satisfied customer whom would like to see a good company improve upon themselves. If you decide to attempt to make a Cloud III i would keep the headband design you have going currently with the Cloud II, and focus more of your attention on getting feedback from the volume control unit to see where you can go with it being larger to provide more efficient hardware, as thats currently one of the future features id like to see, just make sure you keep that handy clip on the back for the wire management.
I was incredibly impressed when my package arrived within half an hour of the expected delivery time. Amazon Prime 2 day shipping is truly a service worthy of praise. The package came in a shipping box, with a waterproof plastic airtight around the package. By far the best shipping experience Ive had. Kingston is well known for its memory, but they perform with the same level of quality with this product. After the plastic on my turtle beaches broke, I was attracted to the metal construction of the set. When I first plugged them in, the sound quality was phenomenal for a $100 headset. The packaging felt like I was opening a pair of expensive shoes rather than a headset. I keep the box for safe keeping due to its quality. Clean highs, rich lows, and a base that makes gaming a great experience. The headset is almost 3 months old, and I feel nor hear absolutely no difference in the headsets build or performance. Would recommend to any multitasking tech enthusiasts who does more than gaming, but dosnt want to break the bank for performance and durability. Again, a huge achievement and one up in my online shopping and gaming experience thanks to Amazon Prime and Kingston!
Amazing. Playing CSGO with it and you can hear all the noises you need for the game.
There was some weird crackling at first when I used the USB connection, but its went away. Pretty good mic quality, though volume levels are weird when using the sound card, I have to keep it on very low volume because its quite loud. The headphones sound great for music, good for flights and long drives for noise cancellation.
This headset is amazing for the price. The sound quality is great especially if you use 7.1 when playing games. The USB sound card is easy to use and doesnt require any driver installation. Best of all, the name fits the headset, it feels like you are wearing a cloud on your head. I have played for hours and hardly noticed the headset on my head.
Awesome headset WITH GREAT SOUND! I have somewhat of a headset fetish. Tried All from Astros,Steel Series, Razer, Turtlebeach. This is by far my favorite headest, Comfortable, Light weight, Super noise canceling, 7.1 Sound is amazing when listening to music and such. For the money id take these over astros. Dont just buy stuff because a popular streamer/gamer has them. THESE ARE A MUST
One of the best values you can get, sound quality is brilliant though I did find the mic to be a bit off in quality but none the less was very satisfied with the detail and care used to creat these headphones
thanks
Went from a g930 because I had problems with it disconnecting randomly and it got annoying. When I got the cloud 2 headsets I was amazed of the sound quality and the small noise cancellation compared to the g930. Overall I am more than satisfied with these headsets. Just buy it dont even think about it.
Very good headset,bought a 2nd set...
Awesome headset
Ill never ever buy anything else.
I had a true 5.1 surround sound head set that I owned for several years that finally broke and since it is no longer made I had to get a new headset. I wanted either a true 5.1 or 7.1 headset. So I went out and bought a Razer Tiamat. I used it for a couple days and there was a constant buzzing noise that I believe was due to me using the onboard 7.1 sound from my motherboard. Even though I never had the problem with my old headset. So I returned the Tiamat and after reading some reviews I bought a Logitech G930 with wireless virtual 7.1 surround It sounded OK but on Teamspeak everyone sounded a like they had a bit of echo. I lived with this for about 2 weeks but then I noticed that the sound on my games and in teamspeak started to cut out and then back on at random. It became very annoying sometimes cutting out for several seconds where I would turn it off and then back on just to get it to work again. As time went on it seemed to do it more an more often. People on forums were saying that its because of the location of the wireless dongle that came with it and interference with my wi-fi router. While this was going on I read a review about the HyperX Cloud II from Kingston. PC gamer gave it the highest score when they did a comparison test between headsets. So I ordered one and have been very happy with it. It sounds great. No one in Teamspeak sounds canny any more. The virtual 7.1 works very good where it feels like Im using a true 7.1 surround. and it cost less than both of the other 2 headsets. Also it is very comfortable and not very heavy so that you can wear it for long gaming sessions. The Cord is also very long. Overall I am very happy with this headset and if it were to become damaged I would not hesitate to order another one.
great headphones
So far so good.  I use these with my Xbox One (adapter required) and the only complaint I can give them is that you cant hear your voice when chatting, a bit sketchy at first but you get used to it.
My daughter loves this headset - she uses it for gaming and skyping her friends.
Amazing headset. Very clear sound. Comfort Fit. And microphone is good.
Even though the Razer Kraken has a slightly better 7.1 function, it is a very good headset that is a lot more comfortable, it has a reaaly good sound quality and a great surround function. (Not a native english speaker)
Most comfortable headset Ive ever worn for hours on end.  Ive not tried the 7.1, but I needed it more for team communication than game surround sound.  Plug and played easy, no software so no special profiles, but I couldnt care less about that as I prefer it to be plug and play.  The mic is more solidly in there than I expected.
Oh man, this thing is great. Coming from the Turtle Beach X12, I was on the fence on dropping $90 on a headset. But boy oh boy, this was worth the money. Definitely made to last, audio quality is DELICIOUS, super comfy, and the mic quality is pretty good. Would recommend to any gamer looking for a good headset, but without breaking the bank too much.
I love these headphones. They are very comfortable and are very well constructed. The only issues I have with them is, the single 3.5mm jack cord is slightly to short to reach my pocket comfortably. Now, Im 61" so it might be better for others but for me, its to short. Now the second thing it that they require a lot of power. This isnt an issue when its plugged into my pc via the usb soundcard, but on my phone, which is much lower power-wise, the sound quality is a lot worse than expected when compared to the sound quality of the headphones on the computer. All in all, a great headset for pc, not the best for mobile use. I would suggest buying these for the pc and a set of earbud for the phone.
These are excellent!  No problems what so ever.
all in all this is a great headset for the money. The headset feels premium before you even open the box. After you open the outer box you have a box inside that holds the headset and all of the accessories. Everything is held in a single foam peace that has cutouts for for all the accessories and the headset making them nearly impossibly to damage from doping the box from any normal height. The headset its self is very premium feeling with false leather padded headband and ear cups with a lot of aluminum and a braided cable making this one of the most durable headsets i have ever owned. The headset comes with two sets or ear cups. One set in the false leather and one set in a felt material. Although i prefer the leather because they dont allow very much noise bleeding and offer quite a bit of noise canceling. The audio quality is very good. The sound just as good as most headsets that cost twice as much. The microphone is also very good for a headset mic. It has a pop filter on it so you can talk to your friends with your fan on and they wont hear a thing. The 7.1 surround sound  is  not a game changer but is defiantly an upgrade. On the comfort side of things i can wear it for hours on end without any discomfort although when it is hot the ear cups do make me sweat a bit.
Update(Aug 2016): Still love these guys! Still using them as my daily driver. Accidentally sat on them when they fell down when I sat down, but they didnt break or crack, just bent a bit and I was able to bend it back out. Use them with free Discord now and it is great.  Updated them to 5 stars from 4 since I now use a hotkey in Discord to mute them which is faster than grabbing the cable. (still get warm around the ears, but its summer and my room gets warm, to be expected) The sound on these is very good. I got these on sale so I am quite happy with them. The first thing I did was swap out the leather covers for the fabric. I like how the fabric breathes better than the leather style. I also prefer to let in more sound so I can hear the baby or my wife when they need me. The sound on these is quite nice. I play at a quiet level but these do go nice and loud if you want. The audio is nice and rich through my USB port. I got these to replace a 5+ year old Tritton set that I quite liked but the cables were getting worn and I wanted a better mic. The mic on these is pretty good. It cut out a good amount of the background noise level. It is still there a little, but it sounds way better than most microphones. I did need to adjust settings in Windows to get the volumes where I wanted, but that was to be expected. It is comfortable. I have a large head and these fit fine. Once I found the sweet spot they fit really nice and they dont bother when I switch to the one ear off style so I can talk to my wife and hear what she is saying. All in all a great headset. I would recommend. Update: Just a note after using these for a while. 1. I really do not like the location of the mute switch. I always have to grab the hub and look for it. I was used to just having a big toggle on my last set, so its kinda frustrating. Not a big deal for me since I mostly use TeamSpeak and can just mute it from there since I have multiple screens. But still miss the assurance of the mute button for quick sneeze/cough. 2. It gets warm after a while. But that is most likely to it being summer and my room getting warm anyway. It isnt noticable during short sessions. But more than 2+ hours and it gets a little sweaty. But Im going to get a desk fan. These are just minor complaints, I still like the headset! Just, maybe, Kingston can use the feedback to adjust the mute. I will probably use a dot of glue or something for some haptic feedback to make it easier to locate without looking.
You will only know how awsome it is if you try it. Words cant describe. Best headset ever for this price
For YEARS I was on an intense quest to find the ideal  headphones for my every day use. I was looking for a headset that provided me with SUPREME comfort for HOURS on end, a headset that provided me with SUPREME sound quality for music, and most importantly, a headset that reached my gaming needs, which included: 7.1 surround sound and the ability to use the headset for my PS4 (the headset is limited to stereo on the PS4, but personally, thats not a problem). Even better, this headset brings its OWN sound card, which is USB so thisll guarantee a superb sound quality on any computer that you plug it into (some PCs dont have a dedicated sound card). If you connect the headset to a phone or to your console (PS4//Xbox one) the sound will remain equally superb, however. Im glad to tell you that this headset SURPASSED every single one of my requirements. And for this price, its a STEAL. If you were like me, a lost soul that was in desperate need of an amazing headset, look no further. The hyperX Cloud II is all youll ever need.
It has great quality of sound and surround sound. It is not quite suitable for music (or I should say, not the most ideal use for music since it is a gaming headset). I enjoy the experience.
Great headset
Bought this headset as a replacement for an extremely uncomfortable Sony Silver Wired Headset. Im thinking the reason the word "Cloud" is in the product name is in reference to its comfort on your head, even during long gaming sessions. Ive only had the headset for a couple of days (really fast standard shipping - thanks Amazon), but Ive played a couple of multi-hour Destiny sessions and nearly forgot I had them on. Beyond the comfort factor, heres another reason for all you Sony Silver headset owners to upgrade - the Sony 7.1 VSS cable that comes with the Silver headset works with the HyperX Cloud II headset. You cant use the Kingston 7.1 surround cable, and the only "official" connection is thru the DualShock Controller, but Im here to tell you it works. I believe the nuances in the virtual sound were better and more subtle in the Kingston headphones than in Sonys. I dont believe the separate control feature for audio and chat work however, the + and - buttons seem to increase chat volume as well as background audio. Since I dont do much chatting, thats not a deal breaker for me. Chat monitoring works, however. I had to go into the PS4 settings and adjust the chat volume down. So if you are tired of your head hurting, buy these right now. By the way, the red ones look REALLY good, and so does the box theyre packed in. I have it on display on my shelf.
Sound quality and microphone are amazing. Love it for gaming! Totally worth it :)
I have waited about 2 weeks for this headset to ship to Hong Kong and received it on this Monday, 16/3. It is really comfortable and I am amazed since I can wear it without any pain for a long time. The sound is very good too and I like the 7.1 sound surround sound performance. However I hear some popping sound from time to time, very subtle but I can still hear it. I am very disappointed and I sent an email to Kingston technical support on 17/3 but have not received any response yet. If Kingston manages to solve this problem, this headset will then be perfect, a 5 star, in my opinion. Right now I am thinking of returning the headset unless I hear from Kingston. Update 6/5/2015: I have been contacting with Customer Service for the past 2 months. I just received a firmware update version of the USB dongle today and there is NOT a single popping sound so far. Therefore, I feel obliged to change my 3 stars review to 5 stars! The headset is perfect now. Thank you Kingston.
This headset is so comfortable! The sound quality is excellent.
Bought these as a replacement for my old headset. Nothing but good things to say about these. Light weight, great sound for games, mic sounds clear and is detachable when you arent using it. Metal frame seems like it will stand up well to wear and tear and have been using them daily since I got them when they were released.
Good for the money. Not really worth the upgrade from the normal ones though.  Still really good and comfortable
Just received them today, this is the best headset Ive ever owned need more time to judge the product but the build quality is top notch. :D
Ive own this item for abput a month, and let me tell you something, its probably the best headset you can purchase for use with every console, PC or Mac. since it has the universal 3.5 plug it can connect with virtually any multimedia device such as phones or mp3 players. Ibeen using this with my PS4 via the controller plug and with the USB module. With the Headset connected directly to the controller the communications ans sound from the console remanins crisp and solid, the chat with me and my friends its clearer and thank to the desing form the phones you can use it for several hours without any uncomfortable sign. On the USB method the PS4 recognizes the headset by name and manufacterer but i couldnt get to work the 7.1 option from the headset or the console, maybe on future firmware upgrades from Sony into the PS4 will make this option available. On the USB module you have the volume and 7.1 controls which work great on Windows 8 and 10, im assuming it will work great with Wondows 7 too, the sound is just plain awesome. Ive definitely recommend the headset.
Pros: Fit is superb. Definitely on the tighter spectrum of fits but the foam makes it not painful at all. Noise canceling does well even with the lowest volume of audio. Mic is above average for a "gaming" headset. Also easily removes and installs. Build quality is the best ive seen for $100 and under. The materials and weight give it a sturdy feel. Weight is noticeable in the hands, but does not sit heavy at all on the head. Braided cords are always a plus. Cons: Mic needs removal to be hidden as opposed to being rotated upwards and out of the way on a hinge. Ear cups do not rotate as many other gaming headsets do to project the sound while resting around the neck. Conclusion: Great buy. Premium build, great sound and "cloud"like feel on the head and ears. The aesthetics are the best ive seen in person of a gaming headset. Before this headset i was using the Plantronics Rig and the Logitech  wireless 930. This takes the crown by far.
I almost never write reviews for products I buy. In fact, I never have. But this headset is too good to go unrewarded. I bought my xbox one not too long ago. I play Destiny with friends nearly every day, so a comfortable, quality headset was definitely a necessity. I started simple: I ordered the xbox one stereo headset. Who better to buy a headset from than the console manufacturer right? Wrong. Dont get me wrong, for basically $50 and the included adapter its a great deal, but not great for hours of gaming every day. Then I went on to the Polk 4Shot headset. Definitely an improvement, but not comfortable for hours. The sound quality was pretty good, but I couldnt justify their price if I couldnt wear them for long gaming sessions. Then I came to these. I had seen these pop up on every list of quality gaming headsets. I never thought to order them before. They look like very standard, run-of-the-mill headphones. Theyre by no means unnattractive, but their appeal is subtle. But I thought "screw it, lets see how they are" and I was simply amazed. They came in one of the nicest boxes I have ever received a product in with every accessory you could ever imagine necessary (thats right, even an airplane 2-prong adapter). I tried them on, and from that moment on, I was sold. They are beyond comfortable. It may even be more comfortable than wearing no headset at all. The microphone attached easily and my entire system was set up in seconds for gameplay. Ive yet to try the 7.1 surround (because all my gaming is on the XBone) but I can still say with absolute confidence that these are 5-star worthy. If youre considering getting a new headset and dont know what to do, buy these. I promise you wont regret it.
Comfortable headset iwear i headset all day at work so once im home to continue wearing one it needs to feel good sounds good too
Got these yesterday and instantly love them. It does draw some power out of your controller but it is worth it. I would never spend the $300 on Astro A4s. These come in premium packaging also which was nice.
These are so comfy and sound great only issue is that i didnt hear about these sooner.
This is a good head set, the overall audio quality is very good and the mic quality is good as well. I would recommend this head set to anyone looking for a nice headset, but if the price is a bit high hyperx makes some cheaper versions that are still good.
This headset is really badass. They are light, and feel like a real pilots. I had another brand and they stopped working. These are great.
Outstanding build quality but be aware that this is Stereo Only for Xbox One and not a 7.1 surround headset.
This headset is not only comfortable, it fits great on a small head. The sound quality is also very good. I havent tested the mic quality, but that wasnt a factor when purchasing this headset for me. I was looking for fit and comfort and this headset delivered both.
Ok
Doesnt work with my current sound card. Two pop-ups coffee up everytime I plug in with the usb. Saying its not compatible with the sound card. Otherwise sounds great with great working mic. Money well spent.
The headset is even better than I expected.  Made with quality materials and produces superior sound. The head band is very comfortable and can be used for a long amount of time without the band hurting your head.
These headphones are by far the best pair of headphones Ive ever used for gaming. Pros: I use them for my PC so keep that in mind but the sound quality matches or exceeds a pair of Wireless Astros that cost me $300. The surround sound is also amazing especially when you stop to listen to the small sounds that make you feel like youre in the game. Ive been playing Alien: Idolation recently and its amazing to be sneaking through the ship hearing the vents above my head rattle with the aliens foot steps. The headphones feel very light and comfortable on your head. Either ever other pair of over the ear headphonesive used the band always eventually begins to press into my head or the cups over my ears press my ears which hurts after a while. Ive worn these for 20-30 hours in a week (3-4 hours at a time) and Ive never had any pain whatsoever. I like that the cable is two pieces (wire from headphones is a regular headphone jack which plugs into the volume control that has another cable that ends in a USB) because the long is reduced to a more manageable size when you want to plug the headphones into something mobile like your phone. Cons:  Really the only things I can see being a possible con for people is that the surround sound only works on a computer as far as I know (havent plugged them into a consoles USB but I read somewhere that it still doesnt work), and these are obviously wired so dont expect them to be convenient if youre buying them for a console setup that is very far from where you sit. Neither of these cons affect me since I use them for my computer but I wanted to mention them in case someone is thinking of getting them for that reason. Bottom Line: If you  want a headset for a console and want the best surround sound or need a wireless headset, try a different headset like the Astro A50s (if you dont mind the huge price tag. If you want a headset for your computer, look no further. This is the headset for you. Cheaper than a ton of others but equal in quality and a cut above the rest in terms of comfort.
This headset is fantastic. Sounds great, not very heavy, feels fantastic to wear, microphone is really nice
One of the best headsets Ive owned. Extremely comfortable with an amazing sound both with and without the 7.1 dolby. The microphone quality is pretty standard quality for a headset, not bad but nothing mindblowing either, but Im mainly using the microphone to communicate on Skype, so in that respect its works great. It should be noted that when I ordered the headset on Amazon, I received a faulty USB dongle which caused there to be a very dull static/popping sound to be played in the background (which became more prominent when the 7.1 surround sound was turned on). Apparently, this was due to an older version of the hardware, and after sending a message to Kingstons help desk, I was quickly sent a replacement USB dongle and it now sounds perfect. It seems Amazon may still be in possession of older versions of the HyperX Cloud II which possess that flaw, so you might be safer ordering this item from Kingston directly (unless theres a sale on Amazon or something). Should you run into the same issue I did, just contact Kingston and theyll send you a replacement. That issue aside, you really cant go wrong with this headset. Its very affordable, sounds amazing, comes with a number of bonus accessories (splitter, carrying case, extra ear pads), and is extremely comfortable. Well done, Kingston.
The headset is overall pretty good, especially for the price. I bought them because my TB X12s broke and the build quality on these are amazing. They are very comfortable, the mic sounds good, and audio is very clear. However there is one thing that is particularly annoying. That one thing is that you can occasionally hear some popping/crackling noises while you have the headset plugged in through the usb dongle. Sometimes the crackling is faint and other times it can be somewhat loud. If this didnt occur the headset would be perfect. Ive only had a few days with these so far, so Im going to give them some more time before I decide whether or not Im going to return them. Its a shame because this headset could be a 10/10. Edit: Support reached out to me very quick and were able to send me a new USB dongle in a few days. With the new dongle all crackles and pops are gone. Best headset you can buy for under $100.
Bought them for my fiancé and he loves them. No complaints.
awesome headset. i switched out the leather earpiece for the mesh set it came with. it airs out your ears after long periods of gaming that prevents moisture build up. instead of 90% noise isolation, you get about 80% which should not matter since its loud enough anyway. the bass is lacking though but no star removal since i didnt get this for listening to music.
Great Audio Fidelity and superb mic noise canceling. Have not found anything to complain about yet. Sturdy construction makes the headset feel solid on your head. Voice quality from the mic is great through ventrillo. 7.1 digital surround sound works great for games that support it and movies sound great too. Extremely happy with the product.  I recommend the Cloud II for any one looking for high quality sound from an inexpensive headset.
Great for PC gaming. Im not a sound expert but they sound good to me. Long and heavy duty cord, comfortable earphones and padded headband. Have worn them for 4 straight hours without any hot spots.
It is one of the best bang for buck item I have purchased lately. Good sound quality while gaming or listening to music. I did find a little problem which I was able to sort out later but want to mention here so it might help others: When I used the headsets with my Moto X2 using the 3.5mm jack the music instantly starts stuttering with auto pause play frequently. I tried all options on phone but was not able to found the fault because the headsets were working fine with pc / mp3 player etc. and phone working fine with earphones and speakers. The problem actually was the disconnected microphone on the headsets, since I think its headset 3.5mm made phone expecting line-in and microphone input but there is no microphone attached actually and hence makes the headset + phone combo going bonkers. So long story short, as soon as I connected the microphone to the headset it works like charm with phone also. I am not deducting any star here although it is not mentioned anywhere in booklet that such issue might occur, solely due to the comfort level you get after putting these on your head along with awesome sound quality.
It is what it is.
Great quality for the price.
Hands down the best headset Ive ever owned.  I can wear for 6-10 hours without any discomfort.
EASY to use, decent sound. For the $$$ you get a good value.
Absolutely fantastic headset and mic.  I love being able to disconnect the mic when not in use and being able to use the headset on my phone with a simple swap.  Be warned, however, that if youre like me and tend to listen to things on the quiet side there is a lot of hiss from the USB sound card.  Kingston cut pretty much all corners for this headset in that department, from what Ive read.  Getting a new one from them doesnt fix the issue.  If thats a problem for you there are a few options: dont use the USB adapter, find one from a different manufacturer (the siberia v2 supposedly works), listen to things a little louder than you might normally, or get a 4-pole splitter and some extension cable. Edit: I was contacted shortly after by a Kingston rep to inform me that a firmware update had been released for the USB adapter.  This update did, indeed, fix the hissing issues best as i can tell.  5 stars it is!
Unbelievable sound and clarity from these headphones. Be it online gaming or chatting with friends the sound is crystal clear and volume is easy to adjust! Only downside is the setup takes a little tweaking to get the voice feedback in ear to the right level.
I like them a lot, they are comfy nice looking, and my favorite part it the braided wire, rubber ones arent as nice, but the length of it is a little extensive I have half of it tied off. Sound quality is very nice as when, I use them for my ps4, because I dont have a PC, but they areven great for plug and play head phones
Not sure if its the 7.1 or just the quality of the headset altogether.  But just amazing sound quality and surround sound.  Ive had low end headsets before even a mid Turtle Beach.  They dont compare.  All my previous see to just blast noise on high volume so even when youre 10ft away it seems as if you had them on.  But with this set you can only hear them when you have them on, unless you turn the volume up too high to try to make your ears bleed.  Its Just plain superior quality and overall pretty comfortable, just a little too much pressure on the sides of the ears, might just be me though.
best headset 11/10
I use this every day at work. The detachable mic allows for me to wear it as a headset and I wont annoy the boss in thinking that Im making phone calls with it even though at my lunch break I do make some calls using skype to pay bills, do errands, etc. Sound quality is great and when attached to my head, I dont hear as much ambient noise and noone can really hear my music up loud. The mic seems to have zero issues however I have noticed that it works better if I have the mic close to my mouth. I am sure I can up the DB in the settings of the computer to get the same results and put the mic further away from my mouth. I would buy it again and I would advise others to buy it as well.
Got these to replace my GameCon 780 after having them for so long wanted something that i could use on my Xbox one as well as tablets and etc. I wanted 7.1 surround sound and this was the headset it has all i want in a headset and for the right price.
The sound quality on the headset is superb. The noise canceling is also awesome. I tested it out by telling my mom to scream like 5 feet away and with my headset on and I couldnt hear her at all. The comfort is 5/5.
These are great sounding headphones. The sound is amazing with or without the 7.1 button being used. They sound great with my Vita, PS4 or my computer. They arent that heavy on the head, pretty durable and look good. The removable mic is very nice for when I plan to upgrade to a stand alone microphone. I cant even listen to them turned up all the way. They can get extremely loud. They are so loud that you can crank them up and leave them on the desk a few feet away and still hear with perfect clarity. They come with two different ear cushions which are very easy to change out. I like the braded cable protection for the wiring. The microphone picks up well and is adjustable but not very flexible. The came with a bag and nice box. It would of been nice to get a small little stand but that is the greedy side of me. As for the whole setup im completely happy and glad I invested in these. Well worth the purchase! Most of my friends invest in Beats but those dont seem to compare in price and durability. The HyperX have a metal outer frame with nice sewn material. These were made to last. They have taken a four foot fall by accident and didnt phase them.
Probably the most comfortable headphones Ive owned. Not heavy, comforms well to your years, fits well on big or small heads, and great quality. The 7.1 is a great touch and noticeable with music but for gaming, the Cloud I is good enough rather than this Cloud II and cheaper. High mileage for little money, will be buying more for others as gifts.
No ear pain, wore it for 6+ hours one day.  I do like to walk around with them on.  The sound is excellent and really keeps you immersed in the game!  Glad I went with these instead of the others, tried 3 different before buying these.
Hello, Thought Id write a review because I feel it deserves it. In a nutshell heres my pros/cons list. Pros * No messing with wires. You just plug it into a USB port and it installs the drivers. Awesome. * Sound cancellation is amazing. I hear no buzzing noises or anything going on behind me. * Stitching and build quality feels great. * Amazing range of volume from low to extremely, painfully, loud. Cons * The only one I could think of is the microphone could benefit from a wider range of positions. It feels fixed.
Best headphones, been using for awhile now.  works great on PS4
Great headset. Comfortable and decent sound quality.  If I have one complaint its that it doesnt "play well" with programs being opened while in a game. An example would be alt tabbing to sift through itunes or zune while your game is running or the same for voice comm programs like skype. It causes distortion and sound interruption. Once you get back to your game it clears up, but its a big annoyance.
Really nice headset, really comfortable I like the leather ear cuffs, the felt ones drive me mad because the become itchy.
For these prices, you cannot find any better. The 7.1 surround sound is perfect for the fps games where you have to hear where the enemy is and the sound is simply amazing.
Amazing quality, best use of you money, plug n play 7.1 surround amazing.
They r great I use them almost 24 7 and they dont hurt my ears at all they sound great they fell great so 10/10 for me
The headset is very good looking and had a nice polish on the ear cups. mine were red and black! The mic is detachable so if you dont want to use the mic you can pull it off. The headset comes with a dongle so you can turn up and down the volume and switch from stereo to 7.1. The mics quality is alright for a headset mic. for pros who record everyday, you may want to invest in a better stand alone microphone. The wires are very nicely put together. the cord is also a very good length. However sometimes it got a little bit too long for my liking. The sound quality is excellent. The price tag is even better. I would certainly recommend this headset to anyone with a budget for under $150.
great
I use Astro A50s as my primary and I almost prefer these over them. HyperX Clouds are extremely light, dont squeeze your head, and dont fall off your head, you will not get a better headset for the price.
Five stars
Fantastic exceeds all expectations
Good sound quality. Met my expectations and then some!
Awesome.
Best Headset I have had yet. The sound is Great works better then my Turtle Beach headset.
Very comfortable, works great
Okay, I dont write these often but for headsets and electronics I feel obligated. I will try and keep this concise and hope that it helps another simpleton like me make a purchase decision. First impression: Super comfortable! And it comes with two different type of covers for the earphones (personally Im fine with the leather covers it comes with) Also, Im 6 tall and have sort of a big head, so comfort is important to me. Sturdy: Unlike most headsets (even expensive ones) these have a metal frame and feel very sturdy as opposed to plastic. I cant imagine them breaking any time soon. Sound is great! I use it via the USB sound card provided and it is very immersive. Playing BF4 a little bit and its every bit what I wanted. I have only used them on my PC so far. Simple setup. No install CD, just plug the USB in and play! Buttons on the sound-card make it easy to lower headset or microphone volume. Also, detachable mic boom if youre just into movies or solo gaming Mic check: I chatted with some friends on a number of clients, Skype, Curse and TeamSpeak and got a thumbs up from all my friends, voice comes in clear with no distortion, as does their voices without interrupting game sound. Overall this is an awesome product for what I paid (75.00 + tax)
by far the best Gaming headset on the market. I am blown away with these. The sound quality is out of this world good, the mic is exactly what you would expect out of a headset; it doesnt have the quality of a yeti of course but its still great non the less (wouldnt recommend for streaming or videos for youtube, but for gaming and just talking they are awesome). No other headset out there even compares to the comfort you get from these i have been wearing them for 4 hours now and forgot i even had them on. i have used all the logitecs and razers ect ect ect and non of them even compare.
I mean, theres not much to say about this headset that hasnt already been said. Im blown away by the sound quality and how comfortable these are. Ive had many so-called "Gaming" headsets, all with subpar audio and/or mic quality that was usually accompanied by shoddy build quality and an uncomfortable "hugging" fit. The HyperX Cloud IIs have none of those issues. A high-class product for an incredible price, for both gaming and media alike.
Best headphones ever made 8/8 ign
These headsets are the bomb! I recently paid for the Playstation headset which had a mic in the headphones but no one could hear me while playing GTA! Now I can stream and everyone can hear me loud and clear! Thank you Kingston for making these so adorable I am highly pleased :)
best gaming headphones that I had
This Kingston HyperX Cloud II is a gaming headset that doubles as an unassuming pair of good-sounding, over-ear headphones. PROS Attractive, understated design. Solid build quality. Works with PCs and mobile devices as well as most modern game systems. CONS Virtual 7.1-channel surround isnt effective. Besides the USB sound card, cable isnt detachable. Good pair of headphones,if you are looking for something to compare to you might want to look at this Skullcandy version: http://amzn.to/1MF8d23
These replaced my Skullcandy SLYRs that had a annoying crackle when I used them. What a difference! These are light and fit around my ears perfectly (I have small ears) and the sounds is amazing. Not too much bass, which I like. With the combination of comforts and not so overwhelming bass I can wear these for long periods of time. Another great feature of this headset is that it comes with a the mic and headphone cable in one. I can use it with my (updated) XBox One controller with the built in jack without the need of the adapter.
Very comfortable, very durable so far. Mic could be smother but its not too bad.
Great sound and super comfortable. Best Ive ever had.
The Cloud II is a fantastic headset, and is well worth the price
The headphones are really comfortable and dont hurt (at least me) my head from wearing it for prolonged periods of time. Sound is clear and the build quality is pretty nice. I only had one issue and Im not sure if it is a defect but the USB sound card that comes with it occasionally "malfunctions" when I move it and cuts out all sound and microphone use so I have to unplug and plug it back it to get it to work again. Also, I believe this is on Skypes end though, but it makes me have to recall someone if I am calling to get my headphones to play any audio at all again.
I have been using this headset for more than 6 months now and I have to say I am impressed with the comfort and performance of these.  The over the ear design is much more comfortable than the on ear variants of headsets.  I liked this headset so much that I bought a second one to use in my home office when I need to be on lengthy skype conference calls.  This is definitely better than headsets that Ive had that cost a lot more.
The headphone is great. Build quality is solid. I brought it overseas using it as a normal headphone for a week with no quality issues. No popping/cracking sound while using with the USB sound card. I guess I am lucky that mine doesnt have the problems stated in some of the comments. But it seems that my mic volume is very soft. Should be an software issue but I wish to find out how to solve.
So far I am loving this headset. When I put it on for the first time I was astonished on how light it was. Sound is superb and mic works great. Before this I had a logitech G35 which snapped on the right ear piece after a couple years. This headset being rated as well as it is, I decided to spend the extra money and get it. And only judging from the design, not to mention the lifetime warranty, this headset was built to last. Also, this thing would be great anywhere with the removable mic. I thought that was a very nice touch.
Havent had any problems with it and it has very crisp noise.
Tried 3 other headsets before finally finding the HyperX Cloud 2. Its comfortable, feels high-quality, sounds high-quality (both mic & earpieces), and provides modular parts that make any foreseeable damage or degradation of parts easy to remedy. The other 3 I tried were the Logitech G930 (comfortable but bad wireless design), the Logitech G633 (awful in every which way), and an Astro A40 (low quality/uncomfortable). Easy grab. Also has a really nice packaging presentation; Logitech gave me some plastic shell which ended up being pretty representative of their products. Not that I think its completely indicative of anything generally.
It arrived safely and fast.
pretty sick
These headphones are bae. I use them for everything from music and movies to gaming and Skype calls. For an audio version of this review, go here: https://soundcloud.com/thomasburgessreview/kingston-hyperx-cloud-ii What I love: 1) Comfort. I cannot emphasize this part enough. These headphones are so incredibly comfortable that I would never take them off if not for their noise cancelling ability that makes me unable to hear people talking to me. The headset comes with two different types of covers, cloth and leather, but I highly recommend the leather. 2) Noise cancelling. This headset does not have active noise cancelling technology (like Bose) but they are just naturally noise cancelling per their design. When I have these on, I can barely hear people talking to me. A couple examples: I was playing Counter Strike: Global Offensive when my dad taps me on the shoulder. Apparently he had been yelling at me and I hadnt heard him. Another time there was construction going on at our house with lots of loud banging and drilling. I just popped these headphones on and I couldnt hear a thing. Now youre probably thinking that I just have my volume up really high. Its actually the opposite. This is odd, but I normally listen to music at 2/100 volume on my computer. 3) 7.1 Virtual Surround Sound. This has proved immensely helpful for my main video game, CS:GO (mentioned above). I have also liked listening to music with surround sound on. Some people dont like music in surround sound because they feel like it changes it too much, but I feel like it really adds a depth to the song that you couldnt obtain otherwise. 4) Volume. I mentioned in number 2 that I only listen at 2/100 volume. That is because these headphones can blast unhealthily loud. This is a good thing though, because sometimes Im moving around my room a lot and cant be tethered by headphones. I just turn up the volume and BAM- instant speakers. 5) Microphone. Again, back to Counter Strike. If any of you play games where you chat with other players online, you understand how annoying it can be to be talking to someone with a poor quality headset or (heaven forbid) their webcam mic. This mic really sets the bar with sound quality. It has active noise cancelling technology, which is great for when you are in a loud environment and you only want it to pick up your voice. I have a very loud fan going on my desk and when I did a recording with Audacity, you couldnt hear it at all. What I dont love: I really cant think of anything at the moment. I absolutely love these headphones. I will update the review if I come across anything negative about them. In conclusion, BUY THESE HEADPHONES. -A Thomas Burgess Review
Very Comfortable, Sound is pretty good. I was using a set of ASTRO A40s before these and these are much more sturdy. The 7.1 USB card seems rather gimmicky but I use it because the regular 3.5 MM cable coming off the headphones is not long enough for my needs, but will work fine with my uses on a phone/tablet or laptop. The regular plastic leather ear pads that come equipped are very comfortable, but I found my ear sweating after 5 minutes while I was sitting right next to an AC unit. I swapped with them with the other included ear pads and had no issues. They are still quite comfortable. On of my biggest gripes is that these do not provide a side tone! For those that do not know, Side tone is slight feedback of your own voice that you get in many headsets and all phones/cellphones. You will not be able to hear your own voice and it can be difficult to judge your own speaking volume. This is not a major issue for most applications but can be somewhat annoying at times. I also would have like the 3.5 MM cord to be able to detach for the headset end. This is just something I was used to with my A40s but is not that big of a deal. Its sturdy and braided, which I love. All in all its a great headset for the price, easily the most comfortable Ive ever worn, and I cant say enough about the sturdy construction, which means a lot if youve ever broken a headset that cost $200 like I have in less than a year owning them.
Comfortable and light
for the longest time I was convinced that the budget headset that implemented both quality and comfort didnt exist. This headset being one of only a handful that are less than $100 out perform in both of these fields then all of the more expensive headsets I have used, They are comfortable. After long periods of use I have found that many headsets have caused headaches and other head pains due to the headsets poor designs, this headset is different. Memory foam and a leather like exterior make you forget that they are even on your head. Sound quality is amazing. They out perform all of the turtle beaches that I have owned and other high rep headsets I have tried. But they are not just great for gaming. Music lovers will be amazed by the performance, this headset has replaced my old gaming headset and my Beats. As far as the surround sound, it is simulated, there for its not actual 7:1 (obviously how do you spit the sub between two sides). This isnt a problem because the simulation is actually better because the two speakers are of the highest quality. This headset is great for any rig due to its external sound card, no need to fumble with annoying sound drivers, and no need to spend the extra money for a high end motherboard or sound card. ONLY PROBLEM I HAD: This problem is not the products fault I just thought I would include it since it became an aggravating problem for me, and I might be able to save someone some time. If you are like me and use the software SPEED FAN then you are going to have a slight issue with sound quality. For whatever reason when speed fan is running in the background it causes sound chipping. You can still open the software to monitor fan speeds, but after you need to close it if your hoping to resolve the sound blemishes.
Is incredibly comfortable and the audio quality is superb. I went from a Logitech G930 and I really like this headset a lot more.
These are very comfortable and I use them in on line gaming with fiends and they work flawlessly and my pals do not bitch about feedback noise anymore.
Sounds great and mic is quite good.
Great Headset! Love how it feels and fits. I recommend watching Linus Tech Tips review of the first version of this product because it touches on great items of the product. I really wish that it would have come wit h a hard shell case instead of a mesh bag. The cable is nice and ling when connected via the USB dongle. The connectors are gold plated and the sound is awesome.
Great quality sound.
its so good 11/10 would wear in public
Great durable headset. Good audio quality in both speakers and mic. If you like overbearing base though, you wont find it here. The band on these is flexible enough to be removed lazily from your head and smooshed into a bag etc. Number one for people who have had to many snapped head bands. It fits very comfortably on my larger than average head! 4.8/5 while less bass boom might actually help for games. You may want a little more punch it for things like movies or music. Oh also the cables on this headset are pretty damn durable.
The hyperx cloud II look cool and feel amazing, can reccomend any1 who wants astro quality with a cheaper price
I bought these for my PS4 and I love them. They feel well made, theyre comfortable, they sound great, and the mic is clear. As headsets go, I have no complaints. The only problem I had is that the surround sound only works on PCs. When you plug these into a PS4 your going right back to stereo. If you want a surround sound headset for PS4 these are not the ones.
So, let me start off by saying, I havent used the 7.1 feature on this headset yet.  I think its a little bit of a gimmick anyhow since you cant have real 7.1 sound on a headset.  I do want to comment on the other features of the headset however. I am a gamer and have been for a long time, so Ive been through quite a bit of headsets in my day.  Long story short, this headset is awesome and the best Ive ever owned.  Ive been through a lot of different brands and generally have gravitated towards some model of SteelSeries, but I have to say that this headset destroys any other headset Ive tried.  Heres why: - The construction and materials used are high quality.  Even the packaging the headset comes in gives the impression that Kingston cares about what the customer is getting.  The headband is stitched leather.  The ear-cup connectors are actually metal (not plastic made to look like metal).  The ear cups themselves are plastic, but seem very solid and the installed ear pads are a soft leather. - Ive never had a headset this comfortable.  The headset is lightweight and the headband provides ample padding.  The ear pads are very soft and my ears never really get irritated.  This is with leather pads too, which generally will irritate me after a period of time so I usually opt to have a headset that provides soft fabric pads.  Additionally, the ear cups themselves are large so they rest over my ears on the side of my head comfortably and I never really get tired of wearing them.  This is an issue Ive had with other headsets where the ear cups are smaller and put some pressure against my ears.  After a while it can be tiring and uncomfortable. - A second set of soft fabric ear pads is provided.  If you feel like the leather ones dont give the comfort youre looking for, give the provided fabric pads a try.  I specifically looked for a headset that provided these, but now that I have the headset, I havent felt the need to switch out the leather ones. - Removable mic.  I love that I can use the headset without the mic attached.  I use these sometimes just to listen to music and the mic is unnecessary.  So its nice having the ability to remove the mic.  I will say, other headsets Ive used have a mic that recoils into the ear cup which is a nice feature, but Im plenty happy with just being able to remove it altogether. - The cord is a single cord with a braided fabric covering.  I have only had this headset for a month or so, but the cord has been a lot more durable than what Im used to.  Usually, with other headsets, it doesnt take long before the cord(s) start to recoil and tangle.  Very annoying if starts pulling when you try to turn your head.  I havent had that issue at all with this headset...at least not yet anyway. - The sound is absolutely amazing in my opinion (at least as far as stereo is concerned).  Maybe Im just biased.  Ive had great-sounding headsets in the past, but the clarity and level of deep bass you can get with these just seems to be on another level to me.  I have another headset that cost me around 120 dollars that has great sound, but isnt as good. - I like that you can connect these to just about anything.  You can use these without the usb connector for a mobile device, etc.  Youre even provided a connector for stereo and mic jacks, but if you have a usb port available, why would you use anything else?  Its nice having the volume control and I dont see how the sound could get much better.  Plus you gain some added distance between the connection and the headset. - Pretty much noise cancelling.  I play music, etc. pretty loud sometimes.  Im always thinking I must be bugging someone else in the room, but Im always told they cant hear a thing. - The portable bag is a nice touch.  If you want to transport the headset and its accessories, youre provided with a pretty nice padded fabric bag. Like I said, I have only had these a month or so, but if they keep up as they are now, I dont really feel they are lacking in any major area really and Id highly recommend them.
Ive owned a few other turtle beach and other headsets to compare to give this feedback review. There are things you know about the hyperx kingcloud: 1) its wired. For PC and movie users you do get 7.1 surround sound using the sound usb card given in the package. However for Xbox 1 and ps4 owners it 3.5 jacks right into the controller, and because of this I dont believe you get 7.1, but probably 5.1 Dolby or even analog. The wiring is quite nice. Its laced in a vinyl cording making ideally better than any other wired anything that I owned before. 2) it comes with an extra earmuffs to switch out from the pleather feel to a velvet type, which I dont believe is worth switching out, but thats just my opinion. 3) noise cancelling: the memory foam covers your entire ear and I have big ears. So while youre playing your game or movie, I want you to know you dont hear anyone outside the headset. 4) extreme comfort: so I binge one day of gaming...like 12 hours on my days off. With my other headsets I get slight headaches and sometimes my ears hurt. Not with these. They are incredibly comfortable and no pain after hours of gaming. Extras: For the console, since you jack it into the controller theres no volume or mix amp controls other than going into your sound menu, so once youre in the game, thats it. It is possible to plug the usb portion into your console, but Im not sure if it gives you 7.1 surround, and when I tried this method the mic doesnt work at all. Conclusion: The $100 I paid for this item is worth the buy. I could see why it is highly reviewed. Im usually skeptic and find something wrong with the headset. I suppose time will tell. Ill update this next time in case something happens. Im actually satisfied with the performance. *update 12/23/15 So Im an idiot. The usb sound card does work for console. I just tested the mic this time around because I was tired of the black out noise when connected to the controller. All the parts work, so now Im enjoying the 7.1 surround. Also I tried the extra ear cushions that come with the headset. The original ones are faux leather and the extras are this velvet soft memory foam material. They are extremely comfortable compared to the faux leather. If you ever tested A40s, thats pretty much how they feel like. But theres a drawback with the velvet cushions. They dont block out as much noise as the faux leather. I play in a noisy house, and noise cancelling is a must rather than comfort.
The best thing about these headphones is the premium feel. Its got a nice rubber coating on the mic and part of the headphones -- such a coating though is subject to deterioration and can lead to a sticky mess (from my past experience years ago with a MS intellimouse explorer and a cyborg Joystick which had the same coating). As for sound, these things dont beat my in-ear Sony XB90EXs. Playing alone, one might think that the volume isnt loud enough. It doesnt give you that cinematic kick with bass when you have shots and explosions in-game. Playing multi-player however, your sound needs change -- I realized that when needing to communicate with teammates for tactics, I have to dial down the game sound otherwise Id really be screaming at them if I were too "immersed". So for sound, these things are alright. It would be nice to have better isolation between chat comms and game sound. I wouldnt know how theyd accomplish this so thats not a direct hit for the headphones. As of now Id rate it 4/5 stars, just because the bass isnt comparable to my in-ear phones. For something with larger drivers I would expect this to be the case. Maybe the phones need some break-in time? I use mine on my PS4. It comes with a nice short cable, smile 3.5mm direct to the Dualshock 4 controller. Theres an adapter that splits mic/earphone output to a PC with those ports, and the sound card doesnt have any functionality with the PS4. As for mic quality, thats something I will test independently on my Mac. For now my friends say that they can hear me clearly online. I was surprised to find I can use this headset with an iPhone and the mic takes place of the iPhone mic. Pretty awesome for FaceTime/Skype calls. All these features earn this 4/5 stars. If the bass improves later due to break-in period, Id be happy to update my review.
It is very  good
Absolutely fantastic. Built tough enough to hammer nails, comfortable enough for prolonged use. Fantastic sound quality, and cable is plenty long. I dont think Ill need to buy another headset for a long time.
Great sound, decent 7.1 (which is rare) very comfortable. nuff said.
Better than expected.
Great headset for the money if you arent an audiophile snob yet. Has all the features you need for gaming, and is super comfortable to wear during long gaming sessions. The best part of this headset is the modularity with the detachable mic and cord from dongle. I seriously dont know how Kingston fit all the features in with the build quality at this price point.
Best Headset ive ever used.
This is an amazing headset ! I LOVE THE SOUND ! Its a really good quality headset for the price and it exceeds expectations ! Update: its been 1 month since i had this item and for the price it is amazing but sadly it failed after just a month of slight usage i couldnt hear anything anymore and neither did the other party whom i used it to communicate with . Sad to show but i contacted Amazon and they where very gladly to help and replaced it easily free of charge , thanks Amazon for not disappointing me
Seriously. Flawless. I am in love.
ok
awesome
Fantastic headphones. Ive been through a half-dozen full-size units - like this one - in the last few years. Lately, my requirements are (1) full-size cups for all day comfort, some sound blocking, and nearly full spectrum bass (2) mostly metal construction [band and hinges] (3) active noise cancellation (4) dual-purpose as in USB/computer use as well as 1/8" stereo jack (5) boom mic. Price is my last concern although Im not interested in lavishly throwing away $500 on designer/brand non-sense. These are by far the best value in full-sized headphones Ive owned yet. They cost me about $100 and are a very good value given the price and the plastic junk thats out there in the big-box stores... you know, by all the gaming equipment. Most of it is crapola and breaks within a short period of active use. The overall sound quality - whether it be games, music listening, spoken word, etc. - is excellent. I wouldnt call it perfect but Id say 8.5 or 9 out of 10. Given the nature of the full-sized cups and conforming pads, surrounding passive noise cancellation is exactly what youd expect: very good. The entire construction is more than solid and has survived a few months of being stuffed in a messenger bag and used on a daily basis. The cord is of the woven and thick variety and resists tangling very nicely. I would have liked the thick, flat ribbon style ideally but this is a great second choice as far as cords go. Its nice and long (6 feet maybe?). The 1/8" jack detaches from the button controls right about in the middle making it really versatile for multiple devices (including your cell phone). There are up/down controls for both volume and mic gain (great features).  Its hard to evaluate and quantify the active sound cancellation. However, many folks have noted that they hear me 5-by-5 with no background noise despite a hectic and cramped real estate office (where these I use these the most). The boom mic is infinitely adjustable and detaches (if you so please). Style-conscious type folks dont have to worry about looking goofy I guess. Me? I dont care about leaving it in nor what other people think about me - so theres that. Similarly, I dont give to c***s that it doesnt have a big Ferrari, Gucci, Feragamo or (gulp) Beats logo emblazoned on the side. I couldnt care less about brand image and what others think about my fashion choices. My one beef with this thing, and the reason I didnt give it 5 stars, is the cheap and thin vinyl covering the ear padding. I can see it becoming worn/torn very quickly given my the frequency with which I use these things (5 - 6 days a week). I really wish they would have thought to match the  rest of the high-quality aspect and furnish it with some leather or thicker vinyl. Oh well. Either way, Id definitely buy these again.
Very comfortable while wearing glasses, great audio for games but not music. Actually feel like a cloud on your head. I had to drop a star because after a month the Mic actually broke, the good thing is that Kingston Support was wonderful and they shipped a replacement at no extra charge!
Clear audio and mic is crystal clear on the other end. Very comfortable and has fantastic noise cancelation.
Going to split this review into 4 parts. Comfort, Durability, Microphone quality, Sound quality.  - Comfort wise, this headset is absolutely the most comfortable headset I have ever used in my 3 years of gaming. The leather cups are 100% memory foam, and feels great. Im not a big fan of the velour ear cups but I do appreciate Hyperx adding extra pads for customization. However, the leather ear cups do make my ears a but toasty after a few hours, but its no problem.  - Durability and build quality is not far from being perfect. The aluminum support for the headband makes the headset feel very solid along with the aluminum backing for each ear cup. The threaded cable is a nice touch and doesnt feel heavy when you adjust positions. The dongle doesnt dangle and stays in one place if you use the clip (I clip it onto a mousepad on my desk I use as cup coaster).  - I tested the mic out and it sounds above average from other gaming headsets. Noise cancelling works very well, blocking the sound from my cherry MX blue keys 90% of the time, and I personally like the large pop filter that comes with the mic.  - Sound quality on stereo is very nice. Bass is deep and rich, highs and mids arent drowned out, leaving a nice crisp and balanced sound for a great all purpose use. The 7.1 click of a button surround sound works well with no issues. Myself being mainly an MMO/MOBA gamer, I have no problems with how the 7.1 sounds, and I THINK, it sounds pretty good. Overall this headset is a very nice addition to my setup, and I would recommend this headset to anyone who wants a very comfortable headset, that has both a decent mic, and great sound all in one. Approved Hyperx c:
they sounded great and provided amazing head support when in long use while gaming!
Awesome. Everything good written about these headphones is true. I have been at this a long time and these are the best I have come across.  My first pair of headphone were KOSS SE-205s.  Technology has come a long way.
I generally do not leave a customer review unless I have worked with a product for a considerable amount of time. This is the first time Im doing it after getting it for less than an hour. So consider this as a first impression review. How the performance will be long term cannot be determined at this point time and should not be inferred from this review. So, my Siberia V2 headphones finally began developing some issues after a good service (over 1 1/2 years) where in the right earpiece would occasionally not give sound, which can be very detrimental for any gamer who plays MMO and MOBA games. So I decided to get a headphone before the problem really got worst. So after doing a decent amount of research, I went with the HyperX Cloud II. My first option was the HyperX Cloud and after comparison and seeing a few new features, I thought if Im going to spend 80 bucks on Cloud, why not add 20 more and get Cloud II. And I can tell you, for this price, this headphone is a steal!!! After receiving this product well ahead of time (was supposed to be delivered between Wednesday and Saturday of next week), I got the package and unboxed the Cloud II. And I really was impressed by the packaging in which it came. The Siberia V2 which I have been using (it is a great headset by the way) came in a transparent paper packaging. This one came in an all fancy Red solid boxing, similar to the ones you get when you buy fancy watches. And I was thinking, well that is all good, but what about the performance. Got all the items removed from the packaging, and connected to my PC. And with much expectations played a song from my playlist. And the sound was coming from my laptop speaker. Then I realized, I need to change the default speaker to Cloud II, which is clearly mentioned in the Quick Start Guide right when you open the box before you see any of the peripherals. And once this was done, I played one of my favorite songs and I was blown away. This was the first time I heard it so clearly and I found a new level of appreciation for that song. I will admit, I knew I would be getting a good headset, which will last long from other reviews that I had seen here, but never expected such great level of sound quality in my ear. Now I do not know, long term, how this headset might perform. But the first impression, which many say is the best impression, has been very impressive. I would 10/10 recommend this headset for all who are looking for a good headset in a relatively mid-to-low price range. I doubt there is any better headset out there for under 100$ which can give this sound quality according to me. I will try and post a review after having this headset for a while (say a month or so) and see how it compares!
If you are looking for a headset to last this is the one. The metal frame and the hard plastics on the headset ensure quality. Its a headset that can fall repeatedly and still function normally. Besides the exterior, the headset comes with 7.1 surround sound and is very comfortable to wear. If you are a gamer I strongly recommend you to invest in this Cloud 2 Hyper X headset.
Love love love these.  The best headset I have ever had.  I am in vent a lot and need a good headset to properly do what I need to do, which is hear and be heard.  My old headsets would break due to being mostly plastic that cant handle the rigors of constantly being put on and taken off.  These are nice and sturdy, lightweight and the mic detaches which is a nice option to have.  This is the headset youve been waiting for.  I even bought two.
DISCLAIMER - Purchased Kingston HyperX Cloud II in red/black at a local big box retailer. ------------------------------ What is the difference between a headphone and a headset? A headphone has a singular task, which is to make audio sound good (it also helps if its comfortable, and aesthetically pleasing, but well get to that). A headset is meant as a communication device, and audio quality usually takes a back seat. Gamer headsets typically offer a headphone and a microphone in a single package with higher cost and worse sound quality than simply buying them separately. The HyperX Cloud II is a major exception. I was currently using three types of headphones/headsets. I have a VERY cheap Chinese Bluetooth set (literally $10). I had one goal for that thing, "emit noise." It does and thats all that I care about. I only use it when running and dont need big cans for that purpose, and I dislike in-ear phones, nor do I like cables tangling with my weirdly flailing arms. (No really, if you want a good laugh, watch me attempt to run). But its the other two headphones that I had that I wanted to consolidate and kick to the curb. For my normal listening it was the Monoprice 8323. They cost me $30 and have been touted by audiophiles as among the best sound for under $100. What those audiophiles neglected to mention was that it felt like wearing a vice that simply tightened more and more as you wore it. Eventually, the sound of my screaming was of higher fidelity than the sound produced from the headphones, so they needed to be replaced. My other set was some ancient cheap Logitech headset. It met the requirement of "emitting noise," but I wanted more in this segment. So, I set out to get a headphone and a microphone. My requirements were simple: -$100 or less -Excellent comfort -Outstanding sound quality within this price segment (I wasnt expecting $500 studio monitors) -3.5mm for use in my T-AMP or with my phone -USB for headphone/microphone since I dont have a sound card and dont want to enable my on-board audio for this -Must be able to remove the microphone. I dont want it hanging there when used as headphones. My first instinct was to get a separate headphone and microphone. This would technically meet the criteria above. This would essentially limit me to $50 headphones, which means something that would sound worse than my Monoprice but with better comfort, or sound about the same with similar lack of comfort. I didnt like those options. But then someone recommended that I check out the HyperX Cloud. The Wire Cutter heavily recommended it as well. However, it didnt meet my needs for USB support when in headset mode, but the Cloud II did. Im glad that I listened to this recommendation. At its core the HyperX Cloud II is a $100 headphone that looks, feels, and sounds like a higher quality $100-$150 headphone. Its clear, it doesnt mess with the audio too much, and to my non-audiophile ears it was an obvious step up over the Monoprice headphones. I didnt expect this. It also comes with a detachable passable microphone. Earpads are replaceable and two sets are included: leatherette and velour. Thats a VERY nice touch. Kudos to you, Kingston! The audio cord is cloth braided, as is the cord to the included USB sound card. Another nice touch. Flaws? First, its a gamer-focused headset above all else. As such they expect you to either have the 3.5mm audio jack plugged into your console controller, or plugged into the included USB sound card. So, the cable is sinfully short. I cannot plug this into my Topping TP-30 and recline while playing a game (thankfully, in these cases I use an Xbox One controller and just plug it into that). For hunched over keyboard/mouse gaming, the length is adequate. This would be a moot point if the cable were detachable/replaceable but its not. Conclusion: For someone looking for $100 headphones with excellent build quality, comfort, and sound, this works, and boy does it ever. It stands up against the best headphones in this price range. But it also works as a gaming headset for numerous platforms (it even works on the Nvidia Shield Android TV!!!). For its price, the ONLY flaw that Ive found is the lack of detachable audio cable. I can live with that, because I havent found anything comparable to this within this price range.
Purchased this headset as a birthday gift for my boyfriend, and he loves it.He says that the sound quality is pretty good, the style is good and the comfort is great!! He really enjoys it and the mic sound quality is pretty great as well. If he is a gamer then you cant go wrong with these. Im even thinking of getting myself a pair so I can join in the fun!! great buy!
very fast shipping, the sound is amazing.
Best headset I have ever had. Works beautifully on Skype and friends say they hear me better than they ever have.
The best headphones Ive ever owned in my life! The quality, the fit, the feel it has when it rests on my head is by far the most comforting and relaxing ever...the noise canceling blocks out sound that I dont want to hear while Im listening to music, watching amazon video, netflix, hulu gaming on the xbox or computer. The microphone detaches in case you dont want it on. These headphones are so awesome that my wife borrowed them for almost a week and wouldnt give them back lol. I bought her an early Christmas present, a set of pink hyperX Cloud 2, the same brand that I got. Im listening to pandora on my phone right now as Im typing. Oh yeah another plus, for gaming, usb plug in for your computer, the cord is super long so if you jump around some like I do, it wont pull of your head. Great sound, so comfortable. I love them! I recommend if you buy a pair you get two! Someones going to want to borrow them from you lol
These heaphones are awesome!
Very comfortable and exactly what I was looking for out of a headset being used for extended periods of time.  Due to new glasses, my old headset really hurt my ears and started giving me headaches.  This headset does not cause me any discomfort.  Great sound quality, great mic quality.  Wasnt a big fan of the 7.1 to begin with, but its actually very nice after using the headset for a while.  You really cant go wrong with this headset.
Unable to use the surround sound with Xbox one.  Comfortable though and quality stereo sound.
Great headset. Very comfortable!
These are a excellent headset for the price the quality of it is amazing. For the price I would recommend these headsets the one thing I have heard is that the microphone isnt that great but for the price you can get past that.
The simulate surround sound has to be heard to be believed- very nice.
Great headset overall but the earphones have no flexibility if you want one ear cup on and one off
Im actually a bit of an audiophile myself.  I dont like listening to low quality anything.  I have a pair of Monster Inspiration audiophile headphones, and they are really nice.  They should be for the $300 price tag.  These, however, are more comfortable than the Monsters.  They have nice sound quality, and the dolby 7.1 is incredible.  Do yourself a favor and just go ahead and checkout.  You wont be disappointed.
Very nice headset overall. The changeable earpieces are wonderful. The comfort of this headset is great. The mic works wonderfully. The only reason its 4 stars is because the surround sound isnt that great. I often have it off because sounds come through kind of garbled on the surround sound sometimes. Otherwise, wonderful headset.
Over the years I gone through a headset every 1-2 years and it always came down to the construction as the reason I had to buy a new one. Most companies have the plastic ear cup/bands and they always end up breaking one way or another. These ones are solid and I really love them. So much so I bought this one for my brother. I have the previous version of these and they have lasted through regular use and plenty of road trips over the last year. According to my brother, usb soundcard works great and replicates excellent surround. The drivers deliver very solid bass and the mid to highs remain crisp at high volume. The packaging is incredible too. It comes with a plethora of extras and a nifty carrying case. I have run the gamut on headsets over the last decade and have tried Turtle Beach, Steel Series, Corsair etc but they really dont compare to these.
these are not just good gaming headphones, they are great all around headphones.  Wonderful cushy feel and marvelous wrap around sound. My iMac senses and sees these headphones as a 7.1 sound system and they work in World of Warcraft better than any headset I have ever used.  The microphone was the reason I purchased these:  the mic will work with the iMac where most headphone mics will not.  Great purchase
I love this headset; it works so well on 7.1 setting for gaming and sound, but they also sound great when just listening to music on a phone. They also are pretty damn comfortable.
So far so good! My son loves these headphones and they seem better made than others weve bought him such as Turtle Beach and the Playstation brand. Hopefully, these will last! Good quality sound!
I had an issue with the headset where the sound box thing wasnt working, but it works fine with the normal plug. Definitely a great headset and worth every penny.
get  turtle beach if you can
These were gifted to me a few days go by one of my YouTube partners! I used to use Turtle Beach. After a few 10+ hours of gaming sessions, I must say that this headset is simply outstanding! It doesnt hurt your head or squeeze your ears like most do! It was an easy easy easy setup! The sound quality is better than most headsets and its so crisp and clear! Its also noise canceling which for me is a HUGE plus! This is a MUST buy for any gamer, beginner to intermediate!
Excellent headset, extremely comfortable, very durable and flexible. The 7.1 surround sound is very good for pointing out directions. Excellent bang for your buck at only $100.
The other reviews here are correct in the fact that this is one of the most comfortable headsets there are.  The sound is quite nice and the cord is braided to avoid tangles.  The surround sound feature isnt as good as it is in other headsets but gets the job done.  The only problem with this headset is that the mic does not have the joint to swivel up.  If you tend to wear these headsets on your neck and speak through the mic, itll get in your way.  Small gripes though for a great headset.
Awesome product!!!
You simply cannot get any other headset and here is why: -It is incredibly soft and comfortable to wear (Memory Foam) -It is noise cancelling -Has a detachable mic -Built in surround sound -Able to be used with PC, PS4, Xbox one (needs an adapter), and even mobile devices  Its simply versatile and you wont have to keep track of multiple headsets
Amazing sound quality. Perfect microphone. Awesome build quality. Unreal comfort... Affordable price! What are you waiting for? These are currently the best gaming headphones (under $200) in the world.
Pros: These are by far the most comfortable headphones ive used. Even after hours of gaming its still as comfortable as the minute you put it on. The sound quality is amazing, and for its price so is the mic. The controls are easy to use and very adjustable. Looks great, feels great,performs great, and easy to set up Cons: I feel like the 7.1 surround doesnt work as well as it should, but that may just be cause ive tried it on CSGO and not other games such as BF or such, but i like to leave mine off.
Best headset I have ever used. Better than Astro a50 and most expensive high end headsets. Mic quality is amazing! They are very light and comfortable!
A great and comfortable product, the only issue I had with it is the mic. Just not as good as i had expected, but by no means is it bad. Overall a great product.
I was about to buy the first gen hyperX, but then I saw this one for only a bit more, so I thought . . . Yeah why not, now Im so glad I got it lol. The experience with the surround sound is by far worth the money. Also, I can game for hours on end and still feel like nothing is in my head. Buy it right now, so you have it shipped to you house and enjoy the amazing headset right away!
I bought this headset for gaming and music. It is a very good headset for this price. The microphone is detachable which is really convenient for me. The quality of the sound and music are good, not perfect like those over 300 dollars headset can do, but good for daily listening, this actually depends on the quality of your songs, not much on your headphones. The headset has some bass, not too much, and you cannot adjust that. The ear cups are very comfortable, they will completely cover you ears, and the noise cancellation is good too. 7.1 surround sound setting is great for gaming, when I turned it on, the environment sound in games become much clearer and real than before. Good product!
Good quality
love it
The only down side was that 7.1 surround sound feature does not work with Ps4. =[ Im not an expert on sound cards but dont know why it shouldnt? The 7.1 feature was the once of the main selling point for me, wanting the edge in games like CoD:AW. Frankly it seems a bit silly for all this new tech to not be compatible. I must have over looked that spec, but it wasnt very obvious at all. If its ever possible to use in the future on Ps4 I would love to know! Apart from that I am very excited to have them, they are quality for a low price, also they look and feel great. Plus its nice to see that Hyper X are keeping up with the trends and have an official social media channel on YouTube.
I was very excited to try these out on Xbox battlefield 4. It makes such a great improvement in how the environments sound and I somewhat feel I have an advantage in hearing. These gaming headphones are super lightweight and feel sturdy. I love the design and have had no issues so far. I researched for countless hours on gaming headsets and these were constantly recommended  or were always in comparisons. Price was great on Amazon and will buy another product from Kingston again!
So, not so funny story: Someone in the apartment unit above us got STABBED. According to the cop who interviewed us, the attacker rang the upstairs doorbell, and when the guy answered the attacker forced his way in and stabbed the guy. You want to know what scary part is? I didnt hear a thing, thanks to my amazing HyperX Cloud 2 headphones. I got them on Amazon for $99.99 (free shipping). These things work as advertised! Probably the best noise cancelling headphones Ive ever owned. 10/10 would buy again.
TL;DR Review: My previous headset broke, so I chose this one after reading/watching reviews.  Comfort and durability are excellent, so far.  The mic is good enough for calls and gaming.  Initially, I was not impressed with the sound of the headphones (sounded like a low bitrate MP3), but then I realized I needed to plug the headset into my motherboards USB ports rather than the front panel ports.  I am now very happy with this headset and would recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably-priced, comfortable gaming headset.  (Owned for 5 months as of 2/27/16) Full Review: I purchased these to replace my Plantronics Gamecom 780 headset.  The Gamecom headset had a 100% plastic headband which snapped one month after the warranty period ended.  Apologies in advance, but I sometimes will compare the Cloud II to the Gamecom 780 in this review because its my only point of reference, and I felt like the Gamecom was an excellent headset prior to breakage.  Overall, the Cloud IIs have been a worthy replacement, and even an upgrade in many respects, but there are some areas where the Gamecom was better. After looking at YouTube, WireCutter, and Amazon reviews, I settled on the HyperX Cloud II gaming headset.  Almost everyone raved about their durability, comfort, and sound.  I know a headphone + stand mic combo can provide a better overall experience, but I didnt feel like spending the ~$200 on that combo just yet. Fit & Finish After they arrived, my initial impression of this headset was that it was very high quality. The fake leather on the earcups and the headband is nice and soft, and the stitching on the headband looks good and provides a nice red accent.  The red brushed metal on the exposed parts of the frame is also a nice touch.  The microphone detaches and reattaches very easily, although I do prefer a flip-up microphone like on the Gamecom 780.  However, thats just a preference and shouldnt have any bearing on this review.  As for fit, I have a larger head (Im 62", 215 lbs, and probably have a 7-3/8" hat size) and these fit very comfortably.  Ive worn them for hours while gaming and never felt like the clamping pressure was too hard.  Also, they dont make my head/ears sweat or anything like that.  The pads on the earcups provide a comfortable seal around my ears that blocks out a lot of noise, which can be a pro and a con sometimes. Durability After 5 months of daily use... so far, so good. I recently purchased a hook so I can hang these up rather than just setting them on my desk or on the floor, so hopefully that increases the Cloud IIs longevity, but I still dont feel like these will break as easily as the Gamecom 780s.  Unless they get stepped on by an elephant or run over by my truck, I dont think the headband on the Cloud IIs will be snapping after 13 months like the Gamecoms.  The drivers in the headphones are still going strong, and the mic still sounds good.  I will update if anything changes. Headphone Sound Quality Honestly, the headphones didnt blow me away at first.  There was a noticeable difference from the Gamecom 780s in this regard.  I felt like the sound on the 780s was awesome for their ~$60 price tag, but the Cloud IIs just didnt sound as good.  It was like listening to 320 kbps vs. 128 kbps MP3.  There was a "graininess" (my terminology, sorry) to all sound - gaming, movies, and calls - that was especially noticeable at low volume.  After a couple months, it was annoying me so much that I was about ready to buy a good pair of headphones and separate mic.  Then I had an epiphany.  I always plug my headset (780 or the Clouds) into my front USB ports (Fractal Define R4 case) because sometimes I like to unplug them and listen to movies/podcasts through my speakers. I had tried both the USB 3.0 and 2.0 ports with the Cloud IIs, and the sound was the same on both.  One day, I realized I had never plugged them directly into my motherboards USB ports (Gigabyte Z170X-UD5).  As soon as I did, I noticed an immediate difference in the sound quality.  The "graininess" went away and Im now very happy with the sound quality.  I now run a USB extension cable from the back of my computer so I can still easily unplug the headset as needed, and the USB extension doesnt add any of the noise/bit-rate issues I was experiencing before. Virtual 7.1 Surround Quality Im really not impressed by the virtual surround performance of the Cloud IIs.  I felt like the Gamecom 780s had a great virtual surround, or at least better than the Cloud IIs.  With the Gamecom, I could easily tell when/where an enemy was approaching me in FPS games.  With the Cloud IIs, I can hear an enemy approaching, but its a lot tougher to tell where theyre coming from.  I dont think its enough of a disappointment to lose a star though, since I can try other virtual surround software (Razer) and bypass the "built-in" virtual surround of the Cloud IIs. Microphone Quality The microphone is great for voice chat during games (Discord ftw) and Hangouts calls, but I would get a separate microphone if I was doing anything more than that.  I dont stream to YouTube or Twitch.  I dont record podcasts.  I only use it to talk with my friends.  Theyve all told me that it sounds clear and noise-free.  If and when I do decide to do more, Ill pick up a Blue Yeti or Audio-Technica ATR-2100 which I know will have a much more professional and richer sound quality at a reasonable price, but Im not to that point yet.  For a ~$99 headset, the microphone is pretty good. Conclusion I would definitely recommend this headset to anyone looking for something that has great quality and is reasonably priced.  Id also recommend plugging it into your motherboard vs. the front panel USB ports to avoid any sound issues.  The fit and finish are pretty nice, and it definitely feels more durable than my previous headset.  The sound quality is great, but the 7.1 virtual surround experience is not very dependable.  The microphone is good for gaming and voice calls, but look for a standalone mic if youre doing anything more than that.  Its a great headset that does its job admirably, and I dont think youll find better value for the price.
Ive heard reviews about this product malfunctioning after a month of use so I waited to write my review. Ive been using this headset for over 3 months and it still works beautifully, AND I bought it used. The first time I put it on my head I actually said "wow" out lout. It was so comfortable I couldnt believe it. Im the type of guy who plays games for 5+ hours at a time on my days off and Ive never felt discomfort from this headset. Super light and adjustable. I also like how the mic is removable . All in all this is my favorite headset that Ive ever used. 5 stars and A+ for the HyperX Cloud II.
Only downside is no xbox one 7.1 connectability still works great with the adapter for the controller "Two thumbs up" says Changs Chinese take out
Pros: 1. Definitely durable and not cheap plastic 2. VERY COMFORTABLE!  On the ears and not very tight as many other headsets tend to be and thats coming from someone with a larger head. 3. Easy to plug and play in PCs and works well with my Playstation 4! Cons: 1. Cannot adjust chat and audio sounds with any kind of remote for the Playstation.  Definitely works on PC fine but if you need to adjust chat volumes you have to do it from within the Playstation console. Overall a great headset!  May look into others as I wanted one that could help separate gaming audio from chat audio but this headset works great on my PC.  I can hear everything including those sneaky footsteps and can easily distinguish where they are coming from.  Good buy!
Pros: Really comfortable, its like a pillow. Mic quality is good. Comes with a pouch to carry it in. Cons: Sound and surround sound is meh. Overall its a decent headset. Not worth full price though, I bought it ~month ago and it has already dropped $10 in price, so maybe it will lower some more.
I have no problems with this product, but sometimes its difficult to get in the perfect position on the head.
I love it
Excellent build quality and amazingly well packaged. Dont worry about a damaged product arriving at your doorstep. Sound quality is what you would expect from a $100 headset but the bass is a little flat and makes gunshot and such in fps games a little dull. overall a decent headset and actually quite surprising one.
Totally awesome!!! Love, love, love it!
Bought 2 of these in March they were amazing. Recently one of the headsets started to have issues contacted Kingston and they are replacing the headset at no cost to me. Will NOT hesitate to purchase Kingston again because they stand by their product.
Great and comfortable headset. I suffer from hot ear, but I dont feel it until after I take off the headset. My only concern is that the wires tend to curl up, but that is fixable. Updated 11-2-2015: The comfort and quality are still the same. I use these so well. If you are using this mic and headset combo and your system has an onboard mic, make sure to stop that process through your control panel. Otherwise, you get a feedback as if there was a tractor running in the background.
Significantly better bass than the Corsair 1500.  Very comfortable even after long gaming sessions.  The Surround feature is nice but I forget to turn it on many times.  I would definitely buy these again.
I had turtle beaches, went to astros went to trittons, and went to these HYPER X CLOUD 2s. So I ordered on I believe it was a Saturday and received it on Monday..Which is beyond great.. When I opened the package and opened the box, looked like I have a pair of 400 dollar pair of Jordans lol. Very great packaging. Furthermore, it includes a carrying case which you can store everything in so you dont have to keep the box sitting and taking up space or carrying the box on the go, hats off for that. The sound quality is impeccable and so is the 7.1 surround sound. I like the wiring and how it comes with extra ear muffs just in case the stock ones wear out. Overall Im extremely satisfied with this headset. I can use it on PS4 AND XBOX ONE. Its a  must buy.. Future HYPER X CLOUD 3S i WOULD PREFER WIRELESS AND ALSO MORE COLORS WITH CUSTOMIZED FACE PLATES
Great headset, superior quality. Only real complaint is it can be a tad uncomfortable during weekend gaming sessions.
This headset is amazing. It performs well as a headset or as a great set of noise-cancelling headphones. The sound and build quality are excellent. It is very comfortable even for big guys. I am 6 6" tall, 260lbs. I often have problems with headsets squeezing my head or hurting my ears. No such problems with this model. Disclaimer: I am not an audiophile. However, I have not noticed any weird sounds or background noise as some people have reported. This is a great product. Highly recommended.
The cord isnt as long as it should be. Only negative so far besides not being wireless.
wow!!!....best surround sound i have heard in any headset.....i haved used other top brands, but this is the best!!!
Super comfortable and very easy to install.
Great headset, very durable, and great sound quality. Survived airplanes and Comic Con. Still running strong, I was very pleased with this product.
I had heard a lot of great things about this headset but was a little skeptical to purchase these. Once I got them in the mail I was immediately put at ease. The box itself was impressive and the headphones themselves even more so. They are the comfiest headphones Ive ever worn and the sound quality is second to none. They seem very durable and I look forward to many years with these.
Amazing build quality, crisp microphone with little ambient audio pickup, and the sound quality is superb. To all heavy gamers, BUY THIS ONE. Ive had around 4-5 other cheaper sets and only the Plantronics Gamescom 780 came close in audio and microphone quality. Unfortunately the Plantronics headset has questionable build quality and broke after half a year of heavy usage.
This headset sounds awesome!  The only thing I would change is to have the mic on a pivot so you can just push it up and out of the way instead of having to unplug it from the headset.  I do like that there is an "on/off" switch for the headset on the USB portion as I had to totally rearrange my button setup to use a push to talk button.  The mic is very sensitive and does have its own volume adjustment on the USB portion, but if you want to plug it in to an audio jack you lose the on/off for the mic and the volume controls.
Bought these mostly for ps4 as i can hook them up directly to the remote and play in peace. Noise cancelling is top notch; you will hardly hear your own voice, everyone hears me perfectly and the build is beautiful. You cannot play on ps4 with 7.1 but thats not a big loss for me. 7.1 on pc is enjoyable and it comes with 2 different types of ear cups, although i have yet to find out how to swap them, but i didnt try since i preferred the leather cups. For the price, these are a great buy. UPDATE MARCH 20th, its been a while...they are still great headphones, the leather has held up much better than i ever would have anticipated, almost 2 years and it still feels like new without tears and i have used the leather exclusively never using the other ones provided. However; over time the leather has come close to slipping off but never has it actually done so. The left side does not hold on its own as of at least 6 months but the good engineers at kingston made a good build and it holds under its own weight without causing major issues. The reason i removed a star is because the mic has been an issue starting a few weeks ago. Although i have taken meticulous care of this headset seeing as i have been through many in the past, the mic is causing an issue when i try to use it on skype on pc or on my cell phone through the 3.5mm jack. I need this for work calls and taking care of business as it meets that need fabulously when it works. The jack seems in perfect condition without any damage to it, however all i get when its touched ever so slightly is static or cut signal. This is the first time any Kingston product has ever let me down so im kinda bummed, as i got the headset when it first came out and the increase in price is a big turn-off, i will attempt to contact Kingston to see if there is any solution and will update when i hear from them. TLDR; mic is failing from the 3.5mm cord, not the actual mic.
These are awesome i dont want to take them off even though the pleather pads are hotter they feel so incredibly soft i prefer them over the velour ones On pc i have to use third party EQ software but thats personal preference On the ps4 sounds great On iphone sounds great As far as the 7.1 surround its kind of gimmicky but thats not what I ordered this headset for just wanted a headset that was comfortable and sounded good which it lives up to For the mic its amazingly crystal clear
I have worn many headphones, but by far these are one of my favorite. Its really nice that for the price Kingston provides leather ear cups that are amazingly comfortable. The way these headphones fit on your head is comfortable and perfect for hours of use. However, Ive noticed that at least for my USB adapter cord is very flimsy. Within the first few months of my purchase I noticed that the adapter began to have trouble and the connection was sketchy. Im not sure if Kingston sells replacement cords for adapter, but from what Ive seen so far they dont. A great and solid build quality on the headset itself, but an overall annoying adapter that kind of makes me regret not trying the Corsair H2100.
splat
Being a gamer and spending over 5 hours raiding online at one time, it is important to keep comfortable. This headset is worth the buy and extremely comfortable. It arrived quickly, just in time for raid night and man did I notice the difference! Amazing! Comfy and well-worth it.
Hey guys, Im a tech nerd so Im really hoping this review helps at least someone with their purchase decision.  That said, I hope Kingston customer support and/or the shipper reads this to help with one very major problem, but Ill get to that in a second...... First off, shipping was excellent.  Received in basically one business day considering I ordered on Friday evening and got on Monday (with Prime).  This is the absolute best packaging I have ever seen with headphones.  It really makes you feel youre getting something really special even though its under the $100 mark.  Im going to keep the box its so damn nice..... Now the important stuff.  Ive been using my Bose AE2 headphones for a few years now (have them on my head while writing).  I swear by them but Ive been researching my butt off to find a pair of phones with a mic attached that would work with my PC, PS4 and XBone.  After reading reviews for weeks I decided to make the plunge.  This set seemed to make the top 5 so many times I figured I couldnt go wrong. On PC, using the USB simulated 7.1 surround sound is pretty dang cool.  A very cool feature that youre basically paying an extra $20 bucks for over the original Cloud.  More importantly though, that extra $20 for the Cloud II gets you the single plug in for both audio and mic which is very important if youre planning to use this on a console.  Anyways, the sound, the bass, the highs and mids are all very powerful on PC. On PS4, very excited to report you actually can use the USB and cheat your way into using the 7.1 surround sound even though they will tell you its not possible.  The PS4 Gold series headphones use simulated 7.1 audio just like this can do on PC.  So, after reading a ton before making the purchase I found that if you plug in the USB into your PS4 before turning it on, there is a little trick you can do to make 7.1 work.  As soon as you boot up the system and the USB dongle lights up, hit the 7.1 button a couple of times and it will eventually light up.  Sure enough, the damn thing works to simulate 7.1 even though they dont promote it.  This is a bug btw so PS4 could eventually patch it to either work without having to do the trick or completely remove it so it forces you to buy their PS4 Gold set to get the 7.1 surround sound as originally intended. The set works great with XBONE as well assuming you have the adapter needed to use headphones/mic into the controller.  No complaints there. Regarding the mic, using audacity to test PC, and the settings in PS4 and Xbone, the mic is probably the BEST option youre going to find (especially for the money).  Even the $300 headphones cant compare to the mic.  Audio is debatable but Kingston wins with the mic if thats important to you. Regarding fit, I have a large head so I was worried.  Im happy to report they fit but just barely.  If my big head was any larger Id be screwed.  Im at max and it basically just fits comfortably.  The fake leather pads it comes standard with feel great.  Ive not tested the extra set it comes with but ive heard its a bit better if you struggle hearing yourself speak playing video games because its a more open. So here is why I didnt give this 5 stars and Im hopeful someone can tell me Im just doing something wrong.  I am a drummer that was hoping to use this headset for my TD-11 Roland set.  For whatever reason, it SUCKS!  Its getting audio but it sounds like Im drumming in an alley about 100 yards away.  I have no idea why this headset is not compatible with something as simple as a drum module.  If anyone knows what the hell I need to do to fix this or if Kingston has some kind of driver patch, please let me know.  This headset is fantastic for gaming but if youre a musician, its a piece of s*** out of the box.  Its doing what I bought it for perfectly however which was gaming on PC, PS4, and Xbone and watching TV with headphones while the wife is asleep.  Its worth way more than 100 bucks so if youre on a budget like me, this is a no brainer. Help me with this damn drumset problem and Ill change to 5 stars and tell everyone to buy this thing.  Hope this helps.
Very light. Great for long sessions.
Good headset! Lightweight but sturdy. Use them for my xbox. I also remove the mic and use them on long flights!
work great kinda tight on big heads
AWESOME
Great
Traded out the ear covers immediately for the softer material. It helped me hear more ambient sounds and kept my ears WAY cooler. Quality is great, no complaints!
Work great Not as comfortable as Id imagined, but cant complain too much
This is a fantastic headset. The best feature is by far the driverless USB connection. The headset simply plugs in and is ready to go without any software install. Windows might need the headset to be made default speakers/microphone, but I havent had that problem. The build quality is good and does not feel cheaply made in any way. The leatherette ear pads can be switched out for the included felt pads, but the leatherette feels more comfortable IMO. The headband has substantial cushioning and nice embroidery as well as contrast stitching. The mic has great sound quality and the metal boom can be manipulated conveniently, but I do think the placement of could be better. The mic is detachable, but taking the headset off, I have to place the headset facing up on the desk to avoid messing with the mic. When I bought this Kingston headset, I was not thrilled with the design. I wanted something low profile that does not stick out on my head, and these sort of do the opposite, but not as offensively as many other headsets. I was concerned because Kingston does not stand out with a reputation for audio devices, and after doing a lot of research, the HyperX II Cloud X gaming cloud x hyper GETEXCITEDNOW!!! headset seemed over gimmicky. I wanted some Astro A40s, but I didnt want to shell out the extra money, so I went with these and I am not disappointed. Its a solid headset. Im glad I bought it. I replaced my Logitech G930s after a year of wireless torture and boarder-line bloatware when the microphone finally gave out. This Kingston headset seems to be far better quality.
Summation: A great headset with great sound and extremely comfortable for extended wear! PROS: Sound (++++): The sound is really good 90% of the time. The 7.1 really sounds great with my games and adds to the music via Spotify. The default ear cups dampen the noise enough that I cant really hear people with the sound turned up at a normal volume. The secondary ear cups allow a bit more noise to come through and dont cancel out as well as the default cups. Please see cons for further information about the sound. Comfort (+++++): I wear glasses and find that a lot of headsets out there squeeze the arms of my glasses into my head, rendering them incredibly uncomfortable very quickly. The first day I got these I did an extended wear test, and wore them for 12 hours straight while playing some games. Not once was I uncomfortable. Theyre very light compared to a lot of headsets out there (especially if the mic has been removed). The headband doesnt squeeze your head, and the ear cups (default pair) are very soft. My husband also has a pair of these and he loves the velvety version of the ear cups that come as an additional set. I wasnt a huge fan of those because I felt like they sat too far off my head. Mic Quality (+++++): The mic sounds really good according to everyone I talk to. They have never complained about any static sounds like they have with my former Logitech G930s. My husband says that the directional capabilities are really good too (apparently it sounds really good if placed directly above or below your mouth). Mic (Visual) (++++): Im not the biggest fan of the mic itself. I love that it can be removed when not in use, but the boom on the front is really big and I feel like its sort of in my vision area. I try to place it below my mouth enough that I cant see it in my peripherals. CONS: Sound Quality: I rated the above with a four because most of the time, it sounds fine but there is one noticeable issue that Ive run into with two separate headsets now and thats that I can hear a slight crackling/popping/static-y sound occasionally. Im not sure on the cause of that, but research tells me it may be a hardware issue. Its not terrible though, its very minute in comparison to everything else. All-in-all: I would purchase these again for all of the Pros. :)
My only complaint is the tight fit. I take it off for a few minutes every one or two hours. After five months of use two to three hours a day on the average, the headset has not broken. Electrically and acoustically the headset and microphone are great.
My son loves his Headset.
These work great, sound is good, they are comfortable for long hours and everyone on the other end says I sound clear.
After reading a lot of the reviews i was hesitant on buying these. I will compared it to the G35s because that is the headset i bought, and am now returning for these which also gives ya the $100 price VS the $70. 7.1 Surround sound: Both of them do it, the HyperX Cloud II i believe just does it a little better - the G35s suffer from a very echo-y surround sound while the Hyper X Cloud IIs sound a little better and have way less of an echo feel. Nothing to write home about though, but the HyperX Cloud IIs sound better. Speaker Quality: HyperX Cloud IIs are a bit better than the G35s in terms of speaker quality. Let me elaborate; i test all my speakers with DJ Sona Kinect song that was released from league, why? I dont know i just like it. I immediately noticed top hats, and individual drums compared to the Logitech G35s. I also listened at extremely high volumes that would be uncomfortable to listen too (which was only at 55% of the volume they can go too) and i heard ZERO popping, but the same can be said for the G35s, both have good speakers i just think HyperX is better with the quality of sound, even comparing both in a lot of different games including the famed "Witcher 3". HyperX Cloud IIs quality of sound is a lot better than the Logitechs. Comfort: HyperX hands down, the G35s wanna move around, fall off - they readjust when you take them off. HyperX Clouds just.. sit there, and with their memory foam they just really feel great. I had a no life day and wore them for 7 hours straight and it was comfortable. No clamping as i see in other reviews, and i wear a XXL hat, head is measured 24 inches around, im 6 Foot 3 and these things can go 3 more ticks before maxing out. I also wear glasses and thicker than usual ones and they were was still comfortable. Mic Quality: Both sound good but HyperX has more of the "Radio" mic and a lot more noise canceling than the G35s. Its better and i sound fine and i am loud enough (it can even go higher, but im fine as it is). Biggest note was on Skype they could hear my Mechanical Keyboard PRETTY loud and with this is very muffled and not noticeable(Keeping your voice CLEAR and LOUD). I prefer the HyperX Mic as it sounds a little better because your voice has some bass to it and doesnt suffer from that "inside of your head syndrome" my friend described it as. But i will give Logitech that the function of their mic was awesome. I miss the slide up mute function specially when im on Skype. I dont wanna alt tab and click, but that is minor. TLDR: Hyper X Cloud IIs are better honestly in every way than the Logitech G35s and Wireless Brother, are they EXTREMELY better? No albeit they are better if i had to pick one thing i did not like about this headset it would be that the wires are visible and prone to damage.  They are not made of plastic they feel very sturdy the packaged presentation was nice, and the most important thing of all - Kingston supports and backs their product.
Without a doubt the most comfortable headphones/headset I own, and that includes many more expensive offerings (including the remarkably comfortable Sennheiser PC360 open air headset which is my headset benchmark. They are closed cans, offering decent isolation from outside noise (and more importantly, at least for me, keeps practically all the sounds/music hidden from those nearby). Working in an office with 3 other people, sound isolation was a rather important point for me and these work very well. Despite being closed cans, they dont cause ear fatigue or discomfort for me at all, even using them 5-6+ hours a day and music comes through clear and clean with plenty of bass. The detachable microphone is a nice touch, as I use these as primarily headphones first. If I need to talk to someone, its easy to attach the mic without even removing the headset. The mic boom is very adjustable and though it is flexible, it stays exactly where you put it and will not droop or fall. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and I truly believe these are some of the best cans Ive heard for the price range. I find myself using them more and more for all activities, not just music/VOIP, and I love them so much every day in the office Im replacing my (much, much worse) Turtle Beach headset that I use for console gaming with another pair of Cloud IIs. Simply put: I do not think you could possibly be dissapointed in this headset for the price. It is a product offering outstanding quality, and even includes a second set of ear cups in case you prefer velour. Personally, I stuck with the stock pleather as I found it more comfortable and they seemed to isolate sound better. I really do consider them rivals to my Sennheiser PC360 (though they fill different niches, the Senns being open air, these being closed), which cost well over twice the price. Do not hesitate to purchase these.
Headphones are of great quality.  Delivery of headphones was timely.
Ive been through many gaming headsets, and I have to say that this is probably the best one. At this price point you cant go wrong. Pros -comfortable (you can wear this for many hours) -great mic (also detachable) -the addition of a 7.1 sound card is greatly beneficial in games where one needs more spacial awareness -swappable ear cups -great price (in my opinion) Cons -the adjustable metal strips above the ear cups are a bit flimsy, but its not very concerning. (Not really a con, doesnt make the product bad). Just dont rage and throw the headset.  : )
This was a gift for my son.  He was thrilled to start using the headphones for gaming.
Plug and play, no software, no hassle. My first test was on a Snarky Puppy song, and I was grinning from ear to ear. So much detail, and a very warm, controlled sound. I have never been so immediately satisfied with a product in my life. Buy it!
This headset is great for online gaming, but I find it really shines with music.
Well, here it is.  The poor mans Astros or Turtle Beach. First off the sound is on par.  I feel it lacks that "something", but I am perfectly fine.  Not a fan of the 7.1 connector.  With my Windows 8.1 I have a little difficulty getting the actual sound on, even when selecting the playback device as the default.  Will sound better with a better analog amp (so try to find a used TB or Astros amp) as you can connect using an optical wire. I love that red, faux-leather box it was encased in.  Surrounded by plush foam, you know Kingston takes pride in their products. Spatial sounds are there, I am having a feeling of there being less sounds coming from behind, but it does an outstanding job giving me a sense of wide open space, even without the surround mode.  I use it mainly on my XBox One connected to an amplifier via optical cord. When it comes to music, the bass in punchy, the treble is high, and the mids are a hit or miss depending if using an amp or without one as well as the music that is playing.  Bear that in mind. Compared to the numerous headsets and headphones that I have lying around, I feel that its sitting in third place in my collection for music and gaming.  If you are curious, my Audio-Technica 900x is first (I made a review back in Feb.) and my Astros A40 (it was almost a tie with the HyperX I swear, but the sounds coming from behind made the Astros a winner). In short, you cant go wrong.  Support Kingston, make these babies well known and they will continue improving their already great line of headsets for a fantastic price.
I have always loved razer and still do but this headset is amazing. It blocks a lot of sound when there is nothing going on and practically all sound when you are in game, watching movies, or listening to music. The mic is great as well. I have a blue yeti, which I love, but its more convenient to use the headset mic for almost everything. It gives good output to others who are in a call with you and doesnt pick up to much ambient noise. The headset fits in your head comfortablely and does not hurt your ears. This is probably the best headset I have used for the price
really good overall build quality, design delivers on the features promised the only thing im not a fan of is the mic, its not sensitive enough u need to speak a bit louder on a silent room for it to pick up other than that great product overall
Hearing sounds that I havent heard with other headphones! Fantastic headset.
Awsome headset
Very comfortable on the ears. No additional pressure from wearing glasses. Not very useful if you already have a high-quality sound card in your system. The regular HyperX Cloud would seem to be the better choice in that case, due to a longer cord and having audio jacks as the input.
Excellent headphones. Can use it for ps4 or the computer when I am gaming and they are super comfortable. Can even take off the mic and take it to the library and stuff if Im studying or doing anything else. Very versatile and exactly what I was looking for. Had them for 3 months and am still very satisfied. Only thing better would be mic control while plugged into the ps4 controller but I knew that it wasnt an option going in.
Very comfortable headset.  No problems with crackling/static noise reported by other users yet.
This product is probably the best Gaming Headset within most peoples budget. The headset has a very sleek design to it, coming in Black & Red, Black & Gun Metal, and in White & Pink! The piece with the logo matches the metal part of the rim that that color differs, as a very durable and high quality piece. The fine stitching around the top along with the memory foam is quite satisfactory. The "Ear-cuffs" for this headset are changeable as well. The leathery one is good for blocking out sound at airports, busy areas, or school for that matter, and they are mostly for listening to music or watching videos. The "Fabric" Ear-cuffs are not really as soundproof as the leather ones, but they are much more breathable and allow cool air to pass through though. I would recommend the fabric ones Ear-cuffs for extended or regular gaming sessions, because the sound quality does improve with the fabrics, and I would use them to experience the 7.1 Surround Sound better. The microphone is okay, but it is not as good as buying a stand-alone microphone like the Blue Yeti is, but it is one of the best clip-on, clip-off, headset mics out there. Overall, the headset part scores 95/100 on my part. The cable (That is un-attachable by the way) Is at good-average length and is pretty good quality with the overlaying stitching covering the wire. The 3.5mm jack that plugs directly into the audio mixer can be used (With the microphone) On devices such as: Mobile devices, Laptops & Desktops, Xbox One*, Playstation 4, an many more devices that include microphone and headset support with a 3.5mm jack. The audio box or mixer is probably the most improved/added thing since the HyperX Cloud I was introduced, and features a plethora of useful buttons and functions. Of course the 3.5mm jack can be plugged directly into the box to provide its features. (Not available for usage on many other things than a PC) Those features include: One of the best 7.1 Virtual Surround Sound chips out there, (Can be disabled/re-enabled) An audio controller for quick volume changing, a microphone adjuster for controller your voice input volume, a microphone mute switch to mute your own microphone, (Can be awkward adjusting at times though) And two lights. (One being the logo, never turns of unless unplugged, and the light signaling when the 7.1 Surround is currently enabled.) The USB plug-in is more convenient than your average 2-channel headset and microphone split ways, for usage on more devices. Overall, the other items and features included aside from the actual, physical headset are rated by me, at a very good rating of, 97/100. The additional items and boxing are very decent as well. There is a small rubber cap to be put where the microphone is suppose to be, for better looks and traveling, and there is a 3.5mm jack to the split-end headphone only jacks. (For usage on airplanes and else wear) There is a Quick-Start manual included as well, to help with installing and troubleshooting. The box is probably one of the best for the price, the main box is a simple, larger and heavier box with the headset pictured, and all of the main features showing as well. The inside box is a gray-ish box with the black logo printed on it. Once you open up the gray box, you will find plenty of nice quality foam and padding to help with the frailness of the product when traveling. The headset, along with the other extra features, will be laying in their own slots in the foam. In the logo box at the bottom of inside the gray box will be a nice carrying bag for travel, with one big Velcro pocket in the front for carrying additions. And overall, I rate the boxing and additional features with a nice, 99/100. Im am quite satisfied with the HyperX Cloud II overall, and I would recommend this headset for anyone who has the money to buy it. Overall rating and satisfaction with this customer; 100/100. (Five Stars) *[The Xbox One Stereo Adapter will be needed for usage with older Xbox One Controllers for the 3.5mm jack connection to for with the Xbox One. (Newer controllers, (Oct. 2015+) Will arrive with a customary 3.5mm jack aside from the original connection for usage with this headset, and any other headset as well.] **To any people curious, I was NOT paid to write this review, for who thinks so, Microsoft, Sony, Apple, Kingston, or any others that I mentioned have no confliction with me or my review. All copyrights for products mentioned above are all accounted for, and non-paid for usage.**
Simple, but totally awesome. When looking to upgrade my gaming headset I watched several reviews and was wanting to get a really good headset and was willing to spend up to 200-250 dollars. Consistently these headset were getting good to great reviews. I ordered them thinking that well its under a hundred bucks, if they dont meet expectations well..... lesson learned. I couldnt have been happier.  Plug these up and theyre ready to go. Its really that simple, you have access to the headset volume and the mic on the dongle. There is no software to load.  The sound is amazing, I was really impressed with the clarity of the 7.1 surround sound. I am hearing things in game that I was missing before, footsteps and ambient sounds that are coming in clearer and quicker allowing me better response time. These also work great with music, you can unplug from the dongle and plug into your phone or any 3.5 mm jack and listen to you favorite music, the mic is detachable which is good also, you kinda get two headsets in one. These are very well constructed, and perform awesome.
Very Good sound, very good interface if you use the USB ... Build-wise they have an aluminum frame and comfy ear muffs that you can change depending on the weather etc, My only complaint is that they are slightly heavy so I wish they had a suspension band like the Steelseries Siberia headphones have, that said the fit is not too bad at all if they hug your head just the right way, this is especially good for people with big heads. Aside from this there was something bothering me slightly upon buying these : the box could be open from the bottom side without breaking the factory seal , since the bottom side is left unsealed , and even though everything smells new inside , for a paranoid person like me Id be much happier if I knew there was absolutely no way someone opened it without me being able to tell..
Excellent headset for the money.  Please allow a significant burn-in time (100 Hours/Medium-high Volume).  The microphone is a champ, please dont expect broadcaster quality, but do expect clear and concise communications.  I was a bit uneasy after 30 hours of burn-in because the audio seemed very distorted, and required a substantial gain in the upper middle region of the equalizer.  I was pleasantly surprised after the real burn-in period with an excellent sound-stage comparable with other mid-range headphones from major manufacturers.  I do recommend a decent sound-card be used with these on a PC, as driving them requires a little more oomph.  When using them with my LG G3, I can drive these bad-boys to deafening volumes.  The removable mic is a great feature, and I dont see it wearing out anytime soon.
These are amazing! I love them so much!
I dont know anything on headset specs so too keep it simple if you are a semi-serious gamer like myself. Then these are some great headsets the surround audio sounds really good and they are comfortable. I use them for both my ps4 and pc.
As described
Good quality, comfy
Its a pretty good headset, I use it on PC. The velour earcups are somewhat hard/rigid, so Id advise using the included leather instead. The sound quality is very nice. The sound card on it is great, its even got a mic input adjustment option, as well as a volume changer. The microphone is detachable, which is pretty nice, as well as the woven cord instead of the normal rubber on lots of other cords.
the sound is pretty impressive for a gaming headset, as a side note, it wont work on htc phones unless u have the mic attached
Have used it for few months now. Loving the product,
The cord could be a little more flexible, but it did its job.
Amazing comfort, build quality and sound quality. The 7.1 is very accurate and great for gaming
Wish there was a program to properly control the EQ, though.
So far so good nice boxes and such
They work ok. No real performance out of them. Sound quality is clear but average. They are very comfortable. I know they are not noise cancelling but they should dampen surrounding noise a little bit.
Can confirm that 7.1 works on ps4.  I have to have it plugged in before the console turns on for it to work. But if I touch the volume buttons it will freeze and I cant either turn on or off 7.1 depending on if it was activated before the volume was touched.  The first thing I noticed about when I put them on is how clear they sound.  Has plenty of bass but doesnt over do it like others. It feels really light. The 7.1 works but didnt really feel like real surround sound. But for simulated surround sound it works pretty good. Mic is okay quality could be better but for $100 this is one of the best if not the best gaming headset you can buy.
Ive been using this headset more or less exclusively for the past few months, from listening to/editing music and videos, to playing video games such as CS:GO, Battlefield 4 & Hardline, Arma II and III, GTA V, Skyrim, etc. During this time Ive noticed what this headset is capable of, and I must say that it is amazing. Ive used a multitude of comparable headsets over the years, SteelSeries, Logitechs, Turtle Beaches, Razers, pretty much anything I could get my hands on for under $200. I must say that the HyperX Cloud IIs are, from my experience, among the best, not to mention among the few you can really use as normal headphones on the commute if you wanted to. Pros: -Lightweight -Sturdy and visibly well crafted -Comfortable -Good, clean bass, for those nice explosions or just for music -Clear highs and lows for good sound quality -Useful features, for instance the detachable mic and inline volume/mic controls -Useful extras included, like the nice carrying bag, extra ear cushions and extended usb cord -Aesthetically pleasing Cons: -Very loud, at least compared to the Razer Kraken 7.1 Chromas I switched from, might be my soundcard, might be that the Razers were just quiet Conclusion: Out of all the headsets Ive purchased and used over the years, these are one of the only two Im comfortable wearing for very long periods of time, the other being the SteelSeries Siberia line, but these have better sound and mic quality and added extras to sweeten the deal. When it comes down to price, Id have to say not many headsets are even worth a mention with these around. Well worth the money.
The headset is very comfortable and those who have heard me speak say the quality is much higher than my previous headsets. The 7.1 Virtual Surround sound is awesome for video games. The packaging from Kingston is very nice. It came with a travel case and an airline headphone adapter. The detachable mic and audio cable from the USB device makes it easy to pack up and take with you on the go. While the 7.1 is great for video games, I would recommend turning it off for music. Some people might like it, I personally think it sounds strange with music. Also, even though it is a braided cable, mine has managed to kink.
Works Epic
Amazing headphones. I love it! It is clear, the microphone does not sound staticy, and it was easy to setup (plug-in and go!) The earmuffs are soft and comfy. The Microphone cord is very flexible and easy to position. There doesnt seem to be an easy way to mute the mic. There is a tiny switch, but it requires two hands since its small and not easy to move into mute position. Otherwise, I am really happy!
ABSOLUTELY MAGNIFICENT CLARITY. GET THIS.
This headset is wonderful and so comfy. Much more so then my other pair. My only issue I have had with it so far is sometimes it doesnt seem to want to play nice with Skype, but usually prodding with the Skype settings or the Sound options will fix it. Other then that it currently my favorite pair of headphones and mic to use.
I have the original HyperX Cloud so I purchased this (because that headset is so well made).  The only gripe that I have really is that this one doesnt have the muting capability while being used as a PS4 headset.
I have a large head (7 3/4) and it is a stretch to make the headphones fit over my ears comfortably.  If I stretch the headphone it compresses the padding at the top and starts to hurt my noggin within the hour of doing so... I give this product a 4 star because every aspect about the headset is superb, only that it JUST barely fits my head. I am satisfied nevertheless
Very comfterable
Been using it for a few days now and it feels very well made. The reason im giving it a 4 star is that the 7.1 button makes a humming noise whenever sound is coming through while turned on. Because of this I recommend getting the original cloud and saving 20 bucks while getting the same quality. Also be warned people with large heads, I generally wear my headsets on about 3/4 maximum length but this one is maxed out and still a bit tight on the top, but being such a comfortable headset the tightness really isnt a massive problem.
This is a good little headset if youre looking for an all in one which will handle some decent mic capabilities and some media consumption.
The only thing I dont like about this is the mic. I was told by my friends that I sound better with my old Turtle Beach P11s... However I do love everything else about it.
it came in perfect condition! must have product
A great headset with many pros and few cons. Pros: Sound: Great sound, almost as good as my sennheiser Build Quality: Great build quality - metal frame, feels very durable Boxing: When I got it, I thought I had bought a $300 headset - It even came with its own carrying bag Comfort: This is the most comfortable headset ever - you could fall asleep wearing it. It is covered with memory foam Cons: Plastic Piece: It comes with a small plastic piece to cover the connection port for the mic, but it is tiny, not connected, and super easy to lose. I am guessing that the average person would lose it on the first day of having it. Set Up: You have to change the settings on your computer to get 7.1 and mic control. It gives you the instructions, but I think that you shouldnt have to set it up. Then again, the steps are easy, so its not much of a problem. Conclusion: It is an amazing headset for a cheap price. If you want a good-sounding, durable headset, this is your bet. If you value comfort, then take this - it is the most comfortable thing ever on my head. It feels like a pillow.
Super comfortable, which is probably the most important thing, even before sound quality. They sound great though. Im no audiophile but Im noticing instruments in songs that Ive never known were in the track before, so Im pretty satisfied.
Excellent quality!  I didnt have high hopes because it was a USB headset, but I have been pleasantly surprised with the sound quality.  Fit and finish is excellent, and they are comfortable as well.
They were a gift for a friend of mine and 2 months in and he still loves them so I would recommend them to others only down side is it can be a little uncomfortable after long periods of gameplay.
Very comfortable and the sound is very nice.
sounds great for the price i paid for and very great looking!
amazing headset. only wish it was more flexible for packing away when i travel between friends places.
Great set of phones and easy to use
Super comfortable and great audio. Definitely the best headset Ive used.
I like it but the mic/headphone jack cord could be a lot longer.
Great Headset The tip of the jack broke off for me and I couldnt use it. But when I contacted Kingston  it took about twenty minutes to sort out. New headset is on its way and Warranty Replacement is Great!
Just got these and they are excellent. Very comfortable. I wear glasses so the over the ear design is suprisingly comfortable. Does not hurt even when wearing for several hours.  The sound is great. Especially with the usb plugged in. Great for gaming. Movies sound amazing through the headphones. Nice bass with some great highs and mids. Keep in mind they are not audiophile level headphones, but they do a great job.
Love the headset. It really is comfortable. I use the surround sound for games, movies, music, and it is really good. The mic is good for TeamSpeak. I fixed my mic issue, turns out the mic was muted on the soundcard. I do use the headset, to listen to music when Im mowing the grass. Must have muted the mic, when I was detaching the headset from the soundcard.
This is a great product, for the amount of things you get, comfort,sound, and looks. This is a no-brainer to get. You get more than what you pay for, it sounds better than some of the 200 dollars I have tried like steelseries
It was good, It delivered what it promised itself to be.
I cannot tell the difference with Surround Sound enable, besides the audio is louder.  However, I can say in a RPG game I can now hear crickets in the  open meadow.  I was never able to hear these crickets with my Logitech G35 headset.
Definitely worth the money !
Kid loves it. Sound is good.
Best headphones Ive ever had. Sound is fantastic. The mic works well too.
Really good sound and very comfortable headset. Totally worth.
Extremely comfortable, quality construction (metal), excellent sound (both stereo w/ RCA plug and surround w/ usb audio dongle)  My audio dongle went out but Kingston replied in 1 day to my request for an RMA and are sending a replacemnet out today.  I purchased one for my son first and he is very satisfied as well.
It is very fitting that Hyperx would name this headset Cloud. Why you ask? Because they literally feel like.......a cushion. Duh! Anyways the Cloud II headset is seriously awesome! I am always on the hunt for a new set of headphones and the Cloud II was really a refreshing choice. My last pair of headphones was a Beats Pro (yeah yeah, haters gonna hate), and my last gaming headset was the Siberia V2. The Cloud II is unrivaled when it comes to these 2. First off, the comfort of these earcups is really the star of the show. Comfort is really important to me because when it comes to gaming, you need to wear them for long extended periods of time. I usually play Dota 2 and my sessions could last anywhere from 2-8 hours. For me, the discomfort usually develops behind my ears around my jawline. In the past, I would constantly want a break from my headphones and find myself putting them down whenever I had the chance. The soft memory foam earcups definitely alleviate the problem. I am definitely able to wear these headphones much more longer than my older ones and I catch myself actually wanting to wear them. The great thing about them is that they actually fit OVER my ears instead of ONTO my ears. This is a huge deal for me because the headphones are actually resting onto my head instead of my ears. I am still unsure if there is truly a pair headphones that would provide literally 0 discomfort, but this set was definitely the closest Ive gotten. Sound quality on this is also very good. For a pair of headphones under $100 I would actually say it is fantastic. The sounds come in very clear and very accurate with definitely more focus on the mids and highs. The bass is a little lacking, but its definitely not bad. This doesnt bother me too much because during gaming sessions, Im not really looking to turn up. I still enjoy them for listening to music though because it captures a lot of the background depth that isnt picked up in other headphones or speakers, which I really enjoy. The mic is usually the biggest complaint on this headset, but to be honest its really not bad. Sure its not super accurate and it compresses your voice a lot more than it should, but people can still hear what Im saying perfectly clearly which is more important I think. There are also some pretty cool features that this headset has to offer. I completely love the fact that it only has one 3.5mm jack for both audio and microphone. This may not be a big deal for some people, but I cant imagine buying a headset that doesnt have this feature anymore. I use this headset to talk on the phone all the time when I need to be hands free. It also comes with a USB dongle that gives some extra features like mic volume and headphone volume. It is nice to have separate volumes especially when you need them on the fly. It also allows you to use its 7.1 surround sound feature. I found that it opens up the depth of field a little more, but cant say that it makes a huge difference. The detachable mic and noise cancellation is a plus but never found me needing to use it all that much. Pros: Most comfortable headset for me so far Awesome price Great quality build and sound Only one 3.5mm jack for audio and voice Comes with USB dongle that has added features Easy to use Cons: Mic could be better
Awesome build quality so Im not worried about it breaking. These are the most comfortable headset Ive ever owned I can wear them for really long periods sometimes I forget I got them on. The detachable mic is a great feature when Im out and just want to use the headphones. I havent noticed any static that others reviews have mentioned. All in all i would give this a 10/10 i would buy again if anything ever happened to them and i would definitely recommend them to others.
On Time. Good quality, metal hinges ! (plastic breaks very easily).I went through several of expensive headsets and this one still working! Sound is like to be expected.
High quality, comfortable, solid mic, but does not have the best sound quality when using surround sound on most music.  Immersion as far as "surround-ness" is good, but the sharpness on the rear sounds isnt as good as expected, to the point where some audio sounds better without surround. 4/5
Great headset have to have my sound at 4 and its still too loud great quality
Really comfortable fit on my head. Looks slick not like a nerdy gaming headset but more elegant. The sound is not the best but still great for the Price. The only con for me was how the headset doesnt sit comfortable around your neck when at rest but really isnt a biggie for me.
These are really comfortable, and the price is just right.  I experienced zero crackling, so perhaps the issue with the USB connection has been resolved.
Fantastic headset! It is extremely comfortable, Its quality is superb, it is extremely lightweight, its easy to install, its so versatile that it can be used for your pc and gaming consoles but it can also be immediately unplugged and re-plugged into any phone, tablet, or media device for a wide array of means, and my favorite of all is that not only is it a sturdy production build but every piece on it can seemingly be taken apart and reassembled (meaning if anything breaks, a new piece can be ordered and reassembled by the user! Which is like having a headset with a endless lifespan!!!). The only possible downsides could be that its 7.1 surround does not come in all platforms as it does with the pc (or I have not found the means to do so yet), and some may like this headset more as a wireless option. Overall, this is a phenomenal headset that its versatility and quality are well above its dollar value.
Very comfortable and high quality. Made of all metal so they so they wont break. Ive own lots of headphones. These are by far the cheapest and most comfortable of all the headphones Ive used. I would easily recommend these to anyone.
Great headset design with good noise canceling from outside the headest. Also, a phenomenal design on the cabling with a heavy duty, durable braided nylon wrapped cords, that have held up to my 3 daughters rolling chairs over them, constant twirling and braiding and me playing on the PS4 and computer (I have two of the HyperX Cloud IIs now).
Great product, sounds clear, looks cool
The audio is perfect for sound reliant games like csgo, while delivering great sound for music and movies. CON The only problem Ive had is that theres no Software that comes with the USBs very own soundcard for ex(Like steelseries siberia ) and slight static from time to time. I might have a defect, that causes my sound to be played through the mic, even while the mic is detached, checked on 2 computers, and 2 different OSs
Very comfortable! Easy to use
Really great gaming headphones. Stays comfortable even after hours of gaming. Love that the mic is detachable.
Its Amazing!
Perfect Headset for my gaming needs. I enjoy it because it is very light weight as well as incredibly comfortable. Would recommend to anyone who asks.
Near the end of last year I was lucky enough to get my hands on the Kingston HyperX Cloud gaming headset which was Kingstons first foray into the area. Needless to say I was utterly floored by the quality and to this day it is one of my go-to headsets for nearly any console in my house. To put it plainly, I loved the headset. When Kingston released some pressers on the HyperX Cloud II I immediately began to froth at the mouth in my haste to get my hands on one as I loved the previous edition, plus Kingston threw in some upgrades. This could only mean that the Cloud II was bigger, better, and badder and when my HyperX Cloud II arrived the other day, it was all I could do to contain my excitement; want to hear more? Read on for my review of the Kingston HyperX Cloud II gaming headset. I mentioned in my review of the original Cloud (found here: http://www.chalgyr.com/2014/10/kingston-hyperx-cloud-gaming-headset.html) that the overall presentation of the headset in its packaging was amazing. With the Cloud II it is no different, only better. Tightly packed in shipping foam with all of the necessary accessories expertly packaged, the Cloud II just feels rich coming out of the box. My particular unit is gunmetal and is stunning; pulling it out of the box was a divine affair and as I was digging through the rest of the cables I found it, the 7.1 surround adapter with inline controls. I was stoked; Kingston has included this little 3.5mm-to-USB adapter which provides 7.1 surround sound and let me tell you this, it is absolutely amazing. Gaming with this headset is a blast, watching movies with this headset is incredible, and music sounds absolutely sublime. In every possible way, Kingston has take the core Cloud headset and improved it in every single way while keeping the overall look the same, though the Cloud II just feels like a far expensive (and durable) headset. Since I am a bit of a bass fanatic I tend to get excited that a headset is capable of providing a decent low frequency note and the Cloud II headset seems to excel at it. Admittedly though it does not get as deep as the SteelSeries Siberia Elite Anniversary Edition, but it comes close. Very close. The bass reproduction is not the only thing that received a major overhaul as the mid and high notes absolutely purr; I have yet to hear a single note, watch a single movie, or play a single game that pushes the Cloud II beyond its intended limits. Everything I throw at it, the headset faithfully provides some of the best audio I have heard out of a passive noise-canceling headset. I absolutely love the Kingston HyperX Cloud II headset; it is in every single way, a superior headset to the already spectacular Cloud headset. A higher and wider range of audio, a cleaner microphone, and the inclusion of 7.1 surround is like the icing on the cake. With these updates the Kingston HyperX Cloud II headset is a must have for any PC gamer (or any PlayStation 4 gamer looking for a stellar headset) and at its price point you will not find any better.
So far I have had one major problem with them, I cant seem to ever take them off since they are so light and feel great on the head, day and night I have them on and never sometimes I forget I have them on. I recommend them to all.
Ive had this headset for a month now, I absolutely love it. The sound quality is amazing, the way it fits and feels is so comfortable. The packaging was done beautifully, and easy to open very organized this headset is amazing honestly is.
This Headset its amazing. Great sound quality and you could play forever with them without feeling in your head.
Best headphones ever
Very comfortable, great sound quality, great build, good price... but I cant give it 5 stars because of a pretty annoying noise interference issue. My only grip about this headset so far is that I noticed a background radio signal when I was recording gameplay. I tested my hypothesis by using the "list to the this device" feature in the Headset Microphone Properties". There it was pretty darn clear... a Spanish speaking radio station signal. I tested my mic and pulled it out and I could still hear the radio. It is definitely the headset because I cant heard the radio station with my Razer or Logitech headsets nor my desktop Bose speakers. It is too late for me to return the headset I think, but really annoying since I like to record video game play. I read another review that said he had a similar thing happen and I tried the suggestion of switching USB ports, no luck. Anyone have a find on this?
So after using this headset for a while it really is a WELL ROUNDED GAMING HEADSET. i mean it has good bass, decent virtual 7.1 surround sound, a very comfortable fit and overall great mic and amazing sound quality, it unlike anything Ive bought and Im surprise that it was made by kingston. i would totally re-buy this headset if i need too. PLUS it comes with a two year warranty which is something you dont see that often an i totally think its worth.
By far the best headset I have purchased to date. Feels great on my head, I can game or listen to music for hours and not have any discomfort. Sound is clean and crisp and the 7.1 surround sound is great for games and movies. Great product by HyperX!
Sound quality is better than my old triton 720. Mic quality is not as good but it gets the job done.
Best budget gaming headphones I have bought. Dont regret buying them at all. The comfort level is mind blowing, and after hours of use I still feel like i am not even wearing any headphones. Comes with all the parts as described. The carrying bag is really nice to keep things organized. I have used them both on my PC and Xbox, and have not experienced any problems with audio or voice communications.
Love this headset - had Astro A30s before, never very comfortable, and had mic issues. These are extrememly comfortable and the mic pics up great. Contrary to other reviews I have read, I think the surround sound option works well. I would recommend to anyone.
Most comfortable headset ever owns!
I purchased these headphones 6 months ago, They are less comfortable and sound worse than some Logitech headphones I have tried, and though, they seem more durable, due to the material that is used, The microphone has mysteriously STOPPED functioning. I have tried fiddling with different computer settings and tried multiple computers but I have concluded that the microphone is broken and I will need a replacement. I will contact technical support but I doubt this will be fruitful... They worked FINE until the microphone stopped working. Should have picked up some Logitech or shelled out a little more on some dece Sennheisers tho UPDATE: Kingston Tech sent out new headphones after a looooong correspondence, took about 2 and a half MONTHS... pretty annoying. I got a pair of Logitech g930s and its dies every day and it has frequent connection issues... FML, gonna have to spend 200+ on a pair of decent, reliable cans next time...
Great sound, super comfortable to use for hours
Light, comfortable, good sounding cans, good sounding mic (as good as Razer Kraken 7.1s mic, according to Skype friends)  Drivers produce a balanced sound, with the typical bass boost while using the pleather ear cups.  The cloth ear cups have a balancing effect, and sound very open.  Sound card works well and 7.1 simulation is O.K. 95/100 recommend to a friend. The fact that this headset is wired may be a downside for users, but i do not consider it to be
Bought this about a week ago and I love it. Im a avid gamer. play cs go, cod, bf4, amnesia, h1z1, dayz, and more. The sound of the 7.1 surround sound and directional hearing is amazing. Its very comfortable light and I can tell where footsteps and things are coming from in and instant. ive owned a lot of headphones and headsets and this one is by far my favorite. And the popping crackling noises people talk about Ive never noticed them at all.
I ordered these over a dedicated Xbox One gaming headset do to the reviews stating their quality and feature rich performance, combined with the price point. They are ridiculously comfortable (though they do get a little hot after awhile, since the memory foam padding is an insulator) and fit over the ear with ease. The sound is spectacular, even without the 7.1 adapter that comes with the headset for computer play. The base is rich, speech is clear, and the audio space is handled fantastically. I recommend them to anyone looking for a gaming headset, or a good pair of headphones with microphone in general.
Great for gaming and can be connected to the controller or ps4 using the usb but the 3d sound can actually work on ps4 if done correctly, too bad is not an option.
Son loves it!
Great product, only gripe is that one of the extra earcup replacements came in partially ripped. Wish to get a single replacement.
Great headset
Very good product for the price. Good sounding for a closed back set at this price (and includes microphone) and decent at keeping sound from leaking out. Nice braided cable, comfortable, and good with the virtual surround usb included. Make sure to change your computers audio settings to use this. I keep mine set with this as the default so when I plug it in it automatically is ready to go. Good product. Amazon shipped it quick.
comfortable, mic is easily positioned where its needed, clear sound and booming bass as needed.  Great headset for all uses
Great audio quality as well as a pretty good mic.  Extremely comfortable!
Great headphones, amazing sound. I recommend!
A much needed upgrade from my Razer headset, which died unexpectedly. A superb build quality. Comfortable. And very convenient controller with a single USB connector instead of having to connect mic/audio jacks separately.
Very good !
My son says its just great , made his day on his birthday !!
Absolutetly amazing headset for the price, it simply beats every other 100 dollar headset Ive ever owned out of the water, by far.
Im a huge PC gamer and this purchasse made me worry until it came. The Quality of the headset is far greater than what I was anticipating. The sound is great and it has the best Virtual 7.1 Surround out of the 3 headsets I own that have it. The microphone is digital and has no background noise on my end. Friends and family over skype say they can hear me as if I was sitting next to them. Long story short, this headset is the best gaming headset for 100$. My only complaint is the little tiny screws holding the cups to the band. I had a screw become stripped and fall out of the hole mid-game. I had the right bit for it, but it wouldnt tighten back in. I had to do the old "Dental Floss" trick where you put floss in the hole to fill in empty space so the screw can stay tight. After that was done, it felt still sturdy and comfortable as usual. The screw incident wasnt something that just happened to me though. Ive read about 2 other amazon reviews about the screw popping out and ruining their day. Great product, just needs better QC on the screws and fittings.
I absolutely love this headset! The sound quality is fantastic and the headset itself is extremely comfortable. I upgraded from a very old pair of Turtle Beach x12s and this headset totally blows those out of the water. I have to admit, its strange getting used to not hearing my own voice when I talk on Skype or TS, but its a non-issue. A great headset for a reasonable price!
They are as awesome as the reviews said online, for the money.  I have a $300 Sennheiser PC363D, that I love, but not over $200 more love.  Quality for $80!
Got this because my old desktop standalone microphone was going bad (lots of static on the other end, sometimes couldnt hear me, etc.) and wanted to try out a headset. Although I am on my second headset (the first was defective upon arrival... The microphone jack on headset side was loose and microphone would create tons of static on the other end whenever the headset vibrates or shifts AT ALL, and if the connection was not perfect, nothing could be heard on the other side.), this gets the job done for me. HyperX replaced my headset free of charge through warranty. Pros: -Good sound quality both on microphone and speakers -Light weight -Somewhat stylish -Can be used as standalone headphones (like music only), or as headset -Microphone and USB adapter can both be removed from headset for different purposes Cons: -Quality control (first headset was defective upon arrival) -Potentially short headset -> USB adapter wire (the wire you would use just for standalone headphones) -7.1 Virtual Sound is just that, virtual. IMO, it doesnt even create virtual surround sound, but just puts an EQ on the sound (sounds cleaner to me). I have a real 5.1 surround system on my desktop to compare it to. -I wear glasses, have odd shaped head, etc, and after long periods of time (3+ hours) this sometimes creates slight discomfort around my ears, closely described to as soreness from pinching. Is not nearly as bad as Ive had with other headsets, but is there, and is one of the major factors for me with headset purchases, so I thought I would list it as a con. Overall: Great product, its stylish, good sound quality, and gets the job done for me. The minor con with discomfort over duration of time is not discomforting enough for me to look for another headset, especially for the price.
I bought this on ebay due to the price being cheaper at the time. The headset has a very sturdy build. I have been TRYING to get some wear and tear on these headset for three months but I havent got a single rip or tear on places I expected to get these signs. I have been wearing them every single  day and nothing has showed to decline. The headset is very sturdy and I plan to bring them on my next plane ride for 16 hours. The sound that comes out of it is very optimal. The microphone is nearly as good as a stand-alone professional microphones but you can tell it is not but that is a headset.
Very impressive headset.  A significant all-around upgrade over my old Siberia V2s.
Buy it buy it
My son LOVES this
First off this is the most comfortable gaming  headset you will ever put on your head big or small. Mic is very clear and adjustable. The earcups cover the entire ears. Sound is also awesome however lacks in bass but Hi in trebble. Wich is not a bad thing at all .A must buy for all gamers!!
Audio quality on the headphones themselves is excellent for a passive headset. The microphone is much clearer than my desktop mic and other headsets. There is a buzz (possibly a 60Hz buzz from outlet power interference) audible when using the usb cable/soundcard combo, so if im listening for enjoyment I plug into a headphone jack. When gaming and using the mic its not noticeable as most other gamers audio signal is crappy enough that it blends into the background. I may try solving the buzz with an additional choke/rerouting wires. All that said, these dont compete with my Bose stuff for sound quality, but for gaming and audio chat theyre likely the best value youll find.
Very comfortable, mic is great. I havent tried the surround sound feature but I love everything else about this headset. I will never buy a different gaming headset.
Great head set!!
The Best :D
Really awesome I like that the mic is detachable and that the it comes with some other ear pads you can switch put sound quality is phenomenal and they are so comfy I forget Im wearing them sometimes.
Sounds better than any other pair of headphones Ive ever purchased. The cord is kind of short, but I guess thats good because they never get caught on my desk chair wheels. The Noise canceling . I had no idea the pizza guy was ringing the door bell and knocking lol. I threw out some razer cacas (pun intended) which lasted 1yr 3 months. Dont waste your money on razer headphones. Ever. Their orbweaver is cool though. Anyways, I wear size 7 1/4 fitted baseball caps to give you an idea of head size. Some people complain about too much pressure from wearing these headphones too long. I think its normal with any headphone. I have to take these off after a few hours, but I mean 3-4 hours or longer if Im buzzed.
So, most of the reviews on this product are very positive and for obvious reasons. Great sound quality, a sturdy build, and it works well with all consoles and obviously pc. The virtual surround sound isnt going to be top of the line but it adds a nice dynamic range to the sound that helps me hear footsteps in cs:go. Everything you need in a gaming mouse. The big reason I am writing this is AMAZING customer support. My english bulldog puppy loves eating headsets and got his teeth into this one. The actually headset surprisingly survived with some scratches and the leather strap being a bit damaged, nothing major. But the mic attachment was destroyed. I didnt even try lying about some technical failure, just told customer support that the mic was eaten by my dog. They speedily replaced the mic free of charge, no hassle. You can find other great mics out there, but this one is the best bang for its buck. However, knowing that you have great customer support on your side is a great plus and made me want to write this review. Definitely made me a loyal customer.
I needed a headset for work as I work with quite a few remote guys. Due to this I needed something with a good mic and great sound. Another co-worked got the HyperX Cloud headset and after hearing how he sounded using them I decided to give the Cloud II a shot. I have been super impressed with them and all the remote guys love the sound quality from the mic as well as the noise cancellation it provides. While it doesnt block it out completely background noise is turned into more of a white noise so others done notice it when having a normal conversation. Build quality is great. The metal from is solid and feels like it will last a long time. The ear cups are super comfortable and can be swapped out with the valour if wanted. The memory foam in both the earpiece and the strap on top feel great (I usually have them on for 4 or 5 hours at a time). Sound quality is also amazing outside of a few minor issues (more on that later). Bass isnt huge but I wasnt expecting that from a usb-powered headset. The headset also does a great job at blocking out external noise. Even with no sound playing I cant hear people talking 6 feet away. Only con I have is the slight popping/crackling noise when listening to music which has been mentioned a few times before. Its not huge but its there and I hope its fixed. I wouldnt say its enough to have me not recommend them though.
This is an amazing budget headset, before I thought my pair of Turtle Beach Headset was good but now going back to it feels like putting on a brick, great job HyperX!
The best headset that I have bought. Easy to set up, attractive packaging, and very comfortable. With the leather cups on, its a bit hard to hear yourself but that was something to easily adjust to.
As advertised, these are awesome. Great sound, so comfortable.
My son loved them!
Product works amazingly. I leave the usb adapter plugged into my pc, and use it to play pc games. I plug this into my Xbox One controller also, and people can hear me crystal clear, without any issues ever. The volume on these is great, along with the sound quality. My only complaint is the headphone cord isnt removable from the headset itself, so if the cord breaks, youre out of a headset... But with that being said, the cable is braided and seems very very study, so I shouldnt have to worry about that.
My son absolutely loves these for gaming - best gift ever...
A great Headset even for the slightly higher price. Though they are not the most expensive by any means, I am not one to have a good amount of money at most times, and I looked at cheaper headsets but decided to save for this one and it so far has definitely been worth it. The 7.1 is clear and nice, the regular audio is also clear and high quality as can be, no muddied sound that some people have experienced.. the detachable mic is a nice touch so that I dont have to worry about it bending around and breaking when not using it. Microphone is also very high quality and no one has trouble hearing me, although with the filter on the end, I was on the quiet side at first, but just adjusting my programs mic sensitivity fixed it right away. I also am a big headed person, and these neither squeeze my head, nor do they feel like they are being stretched out only to break. Overall, Id recommend this headset, a very nice one.
Soft pads seems durable
Pros: Great Sound, Long Cord, Optional 7.1, Great Controls. Cons: Mic Quality and Comfort. Like most people buying these headphones, Im using these for PC gaming. These were a huge upgrade to my old headset in terms of sound quality - especially with the 7.1 option. They do a great job capturing all frequencies of sound and playing them back. The "remote" built into the cord is easy to use and just adds to allure of the headset itself. While I think these are comfortable, I have noticed that they do begin to hurt after a long period of time - but are certainly better than my last ones. My only real gripe about these is that the mic quality isnt as great as I had imagined them to be. In fact, Ive found it slightly worse than my last pair - but its still a good enough quality to where I dont have issues.
This headset is really nice. Its super comfortable, sounds good, and you sound good through it. Highly recommended! Works for both PC through a USB port, and ps4 through the plug on the controller.
Great headphones! The only downside is that after a long session (6-8 hours) they start to hurt your head and makes your ear pretty hot, but thats a given with any headphones I suppose.
This headset is amazing! I was skeptical of buying this headset, but I broke my gaming headset that Ive had for so long they dont even make it anymore :( The PROS: amazing sound quality, wait tillya feel the sub-woofers from those explosions in your ears; the comfortable fitting allows me to wear the headset for hours without any cramping; The CONS: The cable is a little too long, for some thats OK, a little shorter would have been better; theres a little bit of feedback when enabling the 7.1 surround audio, however, Ive noticed this problem only when playing movies, gaming no problem :) Overall, this headset is relatively inexpensive yet it packs a punch! I bought this headset mainly because of other reviewers who provided positive overviews of their experience, hats off to you for helping me make the right decision :)
I have a great sound system but  with these u hear a lot more things u  dont  with regular speakers awsom effects  in gaming Kingston did it  right
**EXCELLENT quality headphones, nice and comfortable, but there are PLENTY of reviews that go into detail on the comfort and sound quality so I wont bother getting into those things. Rather, my main focus here is to remind all serious audiophiles and newbies alike that the built in 7.1 (button) is a compete joke; a gimmick. All it does it space out the left and right channels and give it more of a cheesy "boomy" surround effect. Trust me youll notice it immediately. Its not awful, but its not actual 7.1. Why? Its not based on interpreting 7 actual *discrete* sound channels. For that -- if you want as close to REALISTIC 7.1 as possible -- you MUST download something like the Razer 7.1 virtual surround software: http://www.razerzone.com/surround What this does is it actually creates a virtual device on your system with 7 discrete audio channels (you can even go to devices to test them) that you can noticeably perceive in the multiple assigned speaker locations (front left and right, center, both surrounds, and back left and right) UNLIKE the included hardware "7.1" conversion that the built-in soundcard provides. There is a REMARKABLE difference when actually set up and fitted for games that take advantage of surround sound. Most modern third and first person games will automatically take advantage, so be sure to test it. I personally tested DotA 2, Dragon Age 3, Mass Effect 3, and Farcry 3: Blood Dragon. All very noticeable, ESPECIALLY Dragon Age 3. For instance, when you walk by people and overhear conversations, or go past noisy objects and spin the camera around, you REALLY get a sense that the objects are where they say they are.
This headset is so clear I can record my youtube videos on it as well
This is a early review and I will update if needed. To start Im comping over from a pair of Logitech G930s Ive had for the past two years. These blow those out of the water. I really liked my 930s when I got them. Great sound and being wireless with controls on the headset was awesome. However, if you do have wireless and are a bit scared to come back over to a wired headset, dont be. The comfort and sound and ease of use of the Cloud IIs is worth it. From when I first put them on, I was amazed at how they felt. Theyre very light but not "cheap" feeling. I also have a large head and they still fit very well. I tried both sets of ear cups and they both feel good, I like the leather though, probably because its what Im used to. Stereo sound is great with music and gaming. I started by listening to some music on my phone for a few songs, and then played some DA:I on my PS4 using them. Both had great sound from all ranges. After plugging in the USB dongle into my PC, Win10 recognized the sound card right away and I plugged the 3.5mm into the USB dongle and started listening to some Tesseract while playing with the surround sound button. You can hear a change but with music the only real difference is with it off you "hear" the music in the ear cups. With it on it sounds like the music is coming from speakers right in front of you. I then played some HOTS, Boarderlands Pre-sequel, and BF4 and all sounded great. Also after attaching the mic I hopped in vent and played some games with a few friends. They said they liked the mic better on my G930s but mainly they said because I sounded "different" now. I didnt get a chance to adjust the mic sounds in Vent, just plug and play, but they still said they could hear me clearly while playing some HOTS matches. After a few hours of having them on I had no discomfort at all, and like I said, I have a large head. 5/5 and Ive already told others to pick these up if theyre looking for a new headset
Excellent
At first try on a Xbox one with the adapter (sold separately) it had a lot of static, the 5.1 was not working correctly. After updating the controller the issue was fixed and has been working up to standard. I am very pleased with the product so far
wonderful headset has it all
One of, if not the best headset I have owned. I have had them since April 2015 and i love them. I cant afford the top of the line headsets. I have owned a Halo 3 Triton set, Turtle beach set (not sure what modle, like a $80 set from a few years ago), Razer Kraken Pro. The hyper X Cloud 2 is hands down the most comfortable, and sounds just as good as the others. 10/10 Would buy again.
Good quality headphones and solid sound. The USB audio driver adds a small amount of white noise / static so I just use the 3.5mm jack
I bought one while I was in Japan last week. Arrived yesterday at my house (Finland) and started using straight away. Well, its the best headset ive ever used. Before this i used to have a Steelseries Siberia v2, before that a Razer Kraken and before that a Razer Carcharrias. In a friends house i used one of those extremely expensive Seinheiser, and i must say, the Cloud II is waaaaay better than those. So, to conclude, this is an awesome headset in all terms. Its EXTREMELY confortable, the sound quality is absurd and the mic is also awesome. The USB sound card works great and the 7.1 is also terrific. If you play CSGO you have to buy this. Really, if you want to reach a good level, YOU HAVE TO BUY IT. A lot of pro players use it, and also a lot use the Q-PAD version of it (Pasha, NEO, Taz, f0rest - this is just some of them). Its also terrific on other games. Very happy with it. Thanks, Cesar Slazngr
This is one of the best headsets i have eve used, I was amazed at the comfort and sound quality, and how well made they are.  The packaging lookes really nice too and it comes with a little storage bag as well.
excellent . but a little hot  now.... summer solstice
Tried the Hyper X 2 Gaming Headset as soon as the package from Amazon came, on time as usual. They are very comfortable when using for long periods. I tried them on music and gaming with very good results. The 7.1 boost button brought out all the instruments sounds. I like the controls that are right at your finger tips instead of fumbling on the ear covers. The less expensive ones I had would hurt my ears in a very short time and didnt have a real great sound.
Awesome headset, its a good buy.
The quality was batter than I expected.
Good feel... wearable for hours.
Best headset Ive ever purchased. Fantastic. Highly recommend.
I havent had many headsets, but this is by far the best headset Ive ever bought. Its incredibly comfortable and the sound is great. Thank you, HyperX.
Have have had a few issues with this headset since purchasing. All of them,as I know now, related to sound drivers,the most recent after a Windows 10 update. After uninstalling the update I still had issues. Then I removed the Nvidia sound drivers that come with the card update package. At that point all the issues went away. I reinstalled the Windows 10 update and everything is still good.
It works well for both PC and PS4. Havnt tried it on XBOne, although it would be annoying that it does not come with the adapter for it already. The mute button is on the USB cable section, meaning you cant mute yourself using the physical headset when talking on the PS4 (you can always mute yourself in the PS4s menus, but that is a bit more tedious and slow). As I saw a couple of people mention before I bought it, there is a quiet static noise in the background. However, this noise does not scale with volume, so it is pretty easy to overpower it and not hear it at all at medium volume levels. Overall the voice quality and sound quality are pretty good. Im pretty satisified with my purchase.
Amazing headset. Comfort to the max. I swear the box cost more then my entire previous Turtle beach headset. Great unboxing experience. Sound quality is amazing, and its a nice feature it works with my phone. A++++
These have a great quality whether I am listening to music or playing games. The have a great seal, but the only problem I have with these is that they heat up my ears quickly.
Actually feels like youre wearing a cloud on your head. Sound quality is impeccable. Price point is more than reasonable.
hey people this is total worth ypur money sounds great and durability is great no problems by me
Best headset Ive owned so far. Definitely better than any Turtle Beach headsets when it comes to quality and sound. You must have these over any Turtle Beach. Works flawlessly on the Xbox One, PS4 and PC alike. You wont regret it.
Crisp sound for a gaming headset. Surround sound good ,is cool. Love how you can plug it into usb or as a aux cable. Memory foam pads are very comfortable, all other headsets my ears would hurt in the beginning to adjust to it; Ive never had any discomfort with these yet. Mic sensitivity is kind of low, bass is too low.
Great product, but more so awesome delivery time from Amazon!!!!
Great sound and very comfortable.  Even the packaging is a class act.  Could not be happier.
very comfortable ..head size is size is 7 1/4ish.. works great with elite dangerous game
Got this headset a couple of weeks ago. I mainly play CSGO, and now I can hear people from across the map like they are right next to me, highly recommend this product. Ive refered this headset to numerous friends and I will continue to.
Awesome headset. Even works with my hearing aids which most other headphones and headsets do not. I cant wait to order myself a pair as this pair is my husbands.
Had them for 3 months. Amazing headphones! Sound is incredible even with out 7.1 surround sound adapter, removable mic is great for traveling and flying, works with android phones for calls and music. Nice carrying case. Overall best bang for your buck.
Hands down best headset ive used, and the price is just unbeatable. take it from me, if your an online gamer then you need these
Amazing!
Superb quality, one of the best headsets I have ever worn or played with!
Just, the best of the best.
I decided to take a bit of a chance on ordering this headset for my Playstation 4, hoping that the 1 YouTube video review that said it worked with the  PS4 was true https://youtu.be/bufE75gWpxI , and it was. Although neither the manufacturers or Playsataions forums say that the VSS (Virtual Surround Sound) doesnt work and is only Stereo compatible with PS4. Wrong! There must have been support added in some update for the PS4, this is what I did: 1 - Make sure the latest firmware update is on your PS4 2 - Go to the video/audio settings in the PS4 and change it to the DOLBY output. 3 - Plugg in the HyperX Cloud II USB VSS adapter into 1 of the USB slots on the front of the PS4 4 - Restart the PS4 5 - Push the center 7.1 button on the HyperX Cloud II control and it just works!  (hit the button again and it goes back to stereo) In my opininon the 7.1 VSS sounds way better than stereo. My only complaint about the head set is that there is no Mic monitoring, so I cant hear my own voice when I talk, other than that, this headset is awesome!
I bought this headset as a gift for my adult Son. He loves them and has them on every day.
Really comfortable. Good Mic. Good sound. Only downfall is when used on a PS4 you can not activate the 7.1 surround sound nor change others voice sound. You need to manually go to settings for that. But overall still an amazing headset works great with Mac and PC. These headphones still sound amazing on the  PS4 which is why to me its a 4 star item! If planning on buying, you cannot go wrong with these babies!
Very comfortable snug fit. Sound cancellation level is over 9000! Sound quality is clear and lush, 7.1 surround works well with many programs on my Windows PC. Very impressive packaging, everything was tucked away and protected. Mic is removable but has not become loose or wobbly since purchase (I remove it frequently). Braided cable protects cord amazingly and has a removable plug into the keypad (My main reason for purchasing this product). It is very easy to unwind if curled up. Great product, great quality. Would recommend to anyone. Things to note: - Comes with soft pads if your ears tend to get clammy on leather. Comes with nice carrying bag for mobility with laptops etc. (Or just for storage of ear pads and mic.) - Driver is different and not very plug n play. Use of forums and other information searches were necessary to achieve a set-up that works for my system and other audio devices. If you are not tech savvy you may need a little assistance from google or a friend to get your system to switch between devices or play through all speakers when turned on.
good
Amazing headphones. Sound is great, adn super comfortable. I use the fluffy cups rather than the leatherette but amazing headset 10/10 would order again
Very comfortable and great sound. This headset has it all, even a removable microphone!
Very Comfortable , 7.1 headset for gaming , Kingston , had , gamers in mind when putting this headset together , the price is great , quality sound , you can immediately hear the difference compared to other headsets , not only in gaming music audio etc Well boxed for shipping , best bang for the buck headset on the market , and for you Battlefield 4 Gamers , this works very very well , Windows 10 build 10532  approved , just add it to a usb port on your usb  , and your ready to go.
Work well with my Xbox One/Astro Mixamp Pro/Hyper X Cloud II setup. Purchased the Turtle Beach Chat Cable to get my mic working with the setup. The headset sounds very good and I am told the Mic quality is also very solid over XBL. I like that they include both a leather and plush headphone pad to give you an option. The leather definitely keeps more outside sound out and is more immersive.  The plush are good if you want to be able to hear what is going on around you, although these made my ears a little hot. For $99.99 this is a great headset. Used the Turtle Beach Stealth 500X before these and the sound quality is very similar. I think the 500X was a little bit more crisp (With some of the FPS Audio profiles), but I couldnt deal with the audio delay from the wireless+surround sound processing. I am happy with my switch to the Hyper X and Astro Mixamp.
Great headset! Its very comfortable and it does a great job at noise cancellation and isolation. Would highly reccommend.
These are my first competitive gaming headphones since some a few years ago when I owned some turtle beaches for the Xbox 360. I use these for my Xbox One along with an Astro Mixamp Pro, and it works great. The sound is beautiful, but my favorite part is the build quality.
Have nothing bad to say about it.
They are really worth it imo. Good price for quality headphones
Great sound !
It did what I needed it to do
Sounds real good, with the 7.1 controller you can notice the difference. Sounds clear when you speak into in it as well.
It works on the PS4, the PC, and the Xbox One. Thats every console (minus the Wii U that barely even supports voice communications at all) Its comfortable, comes with TWO different sets of earpads. The drivers are made by Beyerdynamic, a company that makes really really really good headphones. The build quality is amazing, these will not break thats all that needs to be said. They even have a removable mic so you can use them as regular headphones. This is the best headset money can buy, at any price.
vry nice
Great Sound
Beautiful headphones, great for streaming.
Its good
For $100, it doesnt get better than this. As a a Turtlebeach fan, I purchased this headset to replace my Turtlebeach X42 headset for my Xbox One. Its extremely sleek looking, and fits comfortably for hours. Although your ears tend to heat up after hours of play, its not too bothersome. This headset is as simple as it gets people! Plug it into your Xbox One mic adapter (sold separately) and thats it, youre good to go. That sound quality is superb...better than the quality of my old X42s. Pro: No batteries Plug and play (Plug into Xbox Controller) Sleek and comfortable Detachable mic Many extras (Adapter for PC, carrying case, etc.) Neatly packaged Cons: -Occasionally drops sounds for a few seconds...nothing to the point where it completely disrupts your experience though -The Xbox adapter seems to control both game and chat volume, so its all or nothing. (Unless Im doing it wrong...but Id have to go into a game and adjust the sound if it was overpowering the chat) Overall, for $100, it provides everything that $250+ Turtlebeaches have. Its a fantastic deal, and I am more than  pleased with what I received!
Fantastic headset. Sounds quality is superb and doesnt cause any "headset fatigue" after wearing it for a long time. My son was so impressed with it after an afternoon of using it that he bought himself a pair. Highly recommended.
Best PC gamer headphones I have come across.  Period!
I just bought this headset for 99.99 from Amazon, these are most likely best in class for this price point. You cant go wrong with this headset. I saw a couple of reviews state they had static in the sound card I did not. I bought a second pair for my son and both of ours sound perfect. I am sure Kingston fixed whatever issues they had. Build quality A+ Sound quality A Mic quality A+ Built in sound card A+
Pros: - Great Sound and Quality (better than G930s) Cons: Cord tangles really easily
Almost everything about this is excellent. The packaging is awesome, you also get another pair of ear pads. The mic is detachable and the USB adapter is as well, making for a very robust headset. Really wanted to give this 5 stars but the mids are way too high for listening to music. Also its great that the USB adapter is detachable, but without it the audio cable is just a little too short.
Awesome sound. Great quality!
Great seller, great product!
Pros: Build Quality is always a plus for the HyperX Clouds. Microphone is noticeably better than the previous HyperX Clouds. Comfortable as always. General sound quality is also good. Cons: 7.1 is LITERALLY the worst Ive ever heard. People say the G930 is bad (Im also one of those people who LOVE my G930)? You will find these to be one of the worst. At least with the G930 you could use an Equalizer to get the audio exactly how you like it. With the HyperX Clouds 2, if you are using it via USB Dongle you cant change your equalizer settings as the headset comes with no software for it. The USB dongle comes with built in Equalizer settings to make it sound extra fake/crappy 7.1. The G930s simulated 7.1 A LOT better than these do. Also the splitter doesnt work if you want to use the 3.5mm to plug into your computer for Sound and Microphone. You will need to buy a separate splitter. I plugged in the 3.5mm into the splitter it came with and sound was only coming in from one side and microphone did not work. So if you want to use the 3.5mm with sound and microphone, buy a splitter. I just feel the hype for these headsets are a little over the top If you are buying these for the 7.1 like I did to replace your G930s I wouldnt do it. Buy another G930 or try another headset other than these. You WILL be disappointed with the 7.1. Its not 7.1. Far from it. These make the G930s look like True 7.1. I havent decided if Im going to keep these or buy another G930. Well see.
Very satisfied. They are very comfy, even after many long hours of gaming. Good sounds quality. I love them. They make ps4 party much better.
Easy to use and fairly rugged. Keeps its "Out of the box" look well and the most comfortable headset I have ever owned. The only thing I didnt think about was that the mic doesnt swivel upwards out of the way like my old headset. You can unplug the mic just fine and plug it back in when youre ready, just have a good place for it. With the microphone being about the size and length of a large-ish pen, it would be easy for me to loose if I didnt have a place for it. I just put it on my desk at the top of my keyboard and its no big deal but it was something I didnt think about when I first saw it. Still, I stand by my five stars and that it is truly worth the price in my eyes because it was what I was looking for.
I bought the Cloud II about a month ago. Just like many other people, I noticed a static like noise at lower volumes. This was especially annoying when listening to soft music or playing games. I contacted HyperX, and they immediately sent a huge gaming mouse pad for free and an cable to bypass the USB dongle until the problem was fixed. Not only that but they sent it with 2 day shipping, so it was here in no time. Just now they sent a fixed USB dongle. While the problem is still there, it is barely noticeable now. The actual Cloud II is awesome. The 7.1 virtual is just that, virtual. However, the sound quality is awesome for the price. It isnt true 7.1 but it is damn close. The greatest thing about this headset it how comfortable it is. Ive worn is many hours straight and it has never felt uncomfortable. Also, the frame is metal, so you dont have to worry about breaking it. This was a big plus for me as I broke my plastic made Turtle Beach before I got this headset. All in all, the actual headset is probably only 4 stars. Not true 7.1 and the static problem knock it down an extra star. However, HyperXs amazing customer service would make me buy this headset again in a heartbeat. The price of this headset is a steal, and although it has some kinks, HyperXs customer service is bar none.
Highly Recommended!  Sound is great and it shuts off nearly all outside noise.  You literally hear your own breath and heartbeat.  I do wish it had a Mobile phone interface to use on occasion.
The packaging alone is almost worth the price. No need for any amazon box or padding. This thing screams quality, except for the 3.2mm jack splitter, they must of found a bunch in a trash and gave them away. But I wont use that anyway. Just buy these when they are $100, they could easily sell these for $200.
Minus one star because it doesnt work on my Moto X for no good reason.
I cant say enough good about the Cloud II. Ive not used the original Cloud, but if it was reasonably close to the quality of this updated model Id be more impressed. Kingston has a slam dunk with this headset. The leather surrounds really drown out outside noise, but if you need to hear your surroundings they offer the felt surrounds to allow more exterior noise through. The cord has a great protective mesh over it, which helps when my cat likes to chomp on it. The 7.1 works very well in the PC games I play.
Best headset Ive owned to date! Would recommend this product to anyone. Very happy with this purchase.
UPDATE (15.11.12) I got these headphones back yesterday. At first, they were much better. I didnt have any issues with the mic nor having it plugged in to my phone. However, the USB Sound Card would still cause static and popping noises. After doing some research, Ive found that I got REV 3 of the USB Sound Card in return. Meanwhile, the latest at the time of writing is REV 5. I found a link to the firmware and was able to successfully flash the firmware of the USB Sound Card and low and behold, the static and popping was fixed. I can now fully enjoy this headset. If you wish to get a link to the updated firmware, Ive read that you may do so by contacting Kingston Support. Or alternatively, it doesnt take much searching to find it online. Keep in mind though theres a lot of mixed results. Some say the firmware update doesnt fix their issue, which may be due to other factors that are at play. Such as their motherboard not being grounded properly or a poor power supply. So, what do I love about this headset? - Really, really comfortable. - Comes with an extra pair of ear padding. - Sleek design and seemingly sturdy build. Feels premium all round. - Detachable microphone. - Really good packaging. - Comes with a carry bag. What I dont like: - The fact that I had to spend a few weeks fixing such a small, yet annoying issue. Granted, customer support at Kingston were very helpful and actually paid to have the old headset shipped to them, have the new one shipped back and also paid the customs duties. I didnt have to spend a single cent extra. - The splitter it comes with for separating the audio and microphone jacks is kind of useless. The ends have a fixed distance from each other and wouldnt fit on my motherboards inputs nor on my cases inputs. But, not such a big deal now that Im able to use the USB Sound Card. -------------------- Okay, I got this headset and I really loved it at first glance and when I first put it on my head. Its comfortable, the padding is really soft, it felt sturdy and the packaging of everything was excellent! Now, I love this headset, however, theyre faulty. Let it be known, this is the first item Ive bought on Amazon which Ive received being faulty. The Issues: - I have the dreaded popping/crackling sound, but I highly doubt its from the soundcard dongle. It seems to be from the headset itself: whether its the built-in drivers, the amplifier or the speakers themselves. I get the popping/crackling both via USB and via the 3.5mm jack. More so when using the headset via USB. - The left speaker emits a sort of hum which lasts a few seconds after stopping any audio when listening on a phone via the 3.5mm jack. - When using it on a phone, the phones volume will go all the way up, all the way down then settle down around the middle when the headset is just plugged in. When the headset is plugged in, it also causes the phone to randomly launch Google Now or just pause audio altogether. Everything works fine once its unplugged. - The splitter it came with, to branch out the 3.5mm jack into two lines, one for the mic and one for audio, doesnt seem to work efficiently. Its extremely hard to get into my motherboard. Matter of fact, it only plugs in at the front of my case. I guess that is due to the fact that theres a fixed separation between the two jacks and you cant adjust it or plug them in separately. The best I could get it to work is plugging it at the front of my case, and even then I only got sound out of the left side of the headphones. - My mic has also suddenly stopped functioning effectively. Its now recording my output sound. In other words, whatever I hear on my PC, is what my mic is picking up. I do not have Stereo Mix enabled or anything of that sort. Ive gone ahead and reinstalled my audio drivers as well, to no avail. Plugging it in to another PC, the mic just doesnt even work at all. However, it records on my phone. I have already contacted Kingstons Customer Support and am awaiting a response. Will update this review once I have a refund/new product in hand.
Almost Perfect Before purchasing the HyperX Cloud II, I had been using a Logitech G35 that I bought shortly after I built my current rig in 2011.  Ive been mostly happy with the G35, I find the 7.1 surround virtualization to be quite good.  There is a bit of an echo effect when its activated, but the directional sound from my experience was on point.  Ill be comparing the Cloud II to the G35 mostly.  I also own a Turtle Beach PX22 for PS4 and Xbox One play which I also enjoy and thought had good quality audio.  Key word is THOUGHT. First off, the packaging experience is something Im not use to with gear in this price point.  The box and packaging are outstanding for a sub $100 headset.  I was initially impressed with the build quality of these headphones, as well as the accessories included.  Compared to the G35 and PX22, the build quality and accessories are far superior. When you first put these on your head, odds are you will immediately be impressed.  These things are SO COMFORTABLE, it sounds corny but the Cloud name really fits here.  The G35s werent particularly uncomfortable to me, but they had a tendency to slide around on my head, and just felt like they always wanted to fall off.  The PX22s are fairly comfortable but feel flimsy and dont fit very snug, allowing sound to leak out.  The Cloud IIs just fit right, and after wearing them for a few minutes you could all but forget they are on your head.  Just super comfortable. The sound quality really blew me away.  Im not an audiophile by any means.  I thought the G35 and the PX22 both had great sound quality, but after gaming and listening to music with the Cloud IIs, I just cant go back to the other two headsets.  The sound quality is so superior.  From someone who isnt an audiophile, Id describe the sound as being much more well rounded and full than the other two headsets.  The bass is much more present and most importantly clear.  This headset has also shown me that both the G35 and PX22 are really heavy on treble and light on bass.  I would assume this is sort of akin to how TVs are set up out of the box where they are geared more towards a picture with "pop", with both headsets over emphasizing treble and the high end. The directional sound through stereo is superb.  It sounds lame, but I can hear things I never heard before through other headsets in games.  And with music, you will definitely hear parts of songs you havent really noticed before.  The sound isnt too bassy or too trebley....it just sounds right. For games, the stereo sound on the Cloud IIs is fantastic.  Ive played with these extensively in BF4 and Titanfall, and Im definitely able to pick up on directional sound better than the G35 and PX22. I took one star off mainly for the USB sound card and 7.1.  The 7.1 on this headset is, to put it bluntly, a gimmick.  When you hit the 7.1 button, all it really seems to do is make the sound more boomy, louder and with a touch of reverb.  Again Im not an audiophile, but thats the best way I could describe it.  I found the sound quality to be much better in just stereo.  The Logitech G35 I think is incredible in 7.1.  It adds a bit of an echo, but it really feels like 7.1 sound, with clear separation between each channel.  The Cloud II just doesnt do 7.1 nearly as well.  I actually found it more difficult to pinpoint direction in BF4 with 7.1 active.  Everything just sort of muddles together.  If you are looking for the best virtual 7.1 you can find, this certaintly isnt it.  Though I would argue that the stereo sound on this thing is much better than any virtual SS out there. I also am not a huge fan of the included USB sound card.  When plugged in through the USB sound card rather than the 3.5mm jack on my PC, the bass seems a little heavier and not as clean.  Its a slight difference, and it probably depends on the quality of your on-board sound or sound card, but I prefer the sound quality with the 3.5mm jack vs the USB sound card.  Perhaps the included sound card is not that high quality.  I also dislike the fact that the microphone can only be used when plugged in via the USB sound card on PC.  I would have liked separate sound and mic outputs as with the Cloud I.  Overall I just find the USB sound card to be a bit unnecessary. Overall, the sound quality of the Cloud IIs seems to be unmatched for the price point.  It sounds what I would imagine higher end studio headphones to sound like, and is definitely unique in the gaming headset landscape, where sound quality is usually sacrificed.  In comparison to the G35 and PX22, I would say the Cloud II is clearly superior.  The 7.1 however seems like a gimmick, and the G35 does 7.1 much better.  However given the comfort, stereo sound quality and ability to use these on PC, PS4 and Xbox One, I would venture to guess that this is about the best you could do for the sub $100 gaming headset space.  I ended up giving the PX22 5 stars, and although the Cloud II is a better headset for sure, I stand by that given the price of the PX22s.  I got them for $60, and they are running for about $47 right now on Amazon.  I think given the price, they are 5 stars for what they offer.  However if you want a decidedly better headset and are willing to pay double the price, the Cloud IIs are the way to go.  If you prioritize 7.1 and clear mic over everything else, then I would try to convince you that virtual 7.1 isnt as good as the stereo on these bad boys...but if you insist on going virtual 7.1, get the G35.  Hope that helps! I havent really tested the mic extensively, but from what I can tell both the G35 and PX22 sound a bit better in the mic department.
First a warning, a few of these headphones have a faulty USB Sound Card adapter which creates crackling and popping. After contacting Kingston support I had a new USB Dongle shipped to me within five days which resolved the issue. The build quality on these headphones is excellent minus the mishaps with some sound cards. The headbands are made with real aluminum and not just surfaced plastic like I know some Sennheiser headbands are. This was a huge plus for me because I was tired of buying headphones and the band would break or crack within just a few months. There is real leather and nice stitching around the top of the band. The cord is fairly thick and braided which is really nice as it helps prevent tangling.  The housing is made of plastic but it feels fairly sturdy with a nice soft finish. This headset also comes with two types of ear pads, a soft leather and a velvet like. There is also a mic/speaker splitter, encase you dont want to use the USB Dongle and a nice padded carrying bag included.  I was also very impressed with the packaging. The sound quality is good for the price. Dont expect superb studio quality but overall it is excellent and good for the price range. I find these head phones have a fairly flat frequency response with dips in the higher frequencies. The bass and mid sound levels are fairly even in terms of loudness which some may dislike if they are looking for bass heavy headphones (this doesnt mean it wont pick up lower bass tones[20hz]). There are drops in response at the 10khz-11khz and 14khz-15khz intervals. These were my first headphones with a 7.1 Surround feature and Im not too impressed. It seems like the 7.1 Surround is more like a gimmick as for me it just seems like its lowering the volume for what should be rear left and right channels. Also with the 7.1 feature ambient sound usually becomes louder which some would find useful if they needed to hear in-game footsteps etc. The mic quality is mediocre, good enough for gaming but not much else. The noise suppression works well and you will come in clear but I feel like the active noise control is too intense as your voice will sound insulated. If you were planing on recording with this headset I would suggest you get a stand alone microphone as most headphone mics are fairly bad. Comfort is a big plus! They are not too heavy and fit snug. The mic is flexible and removable which I find very convenient. The ear pads installed are a nice soft leather and memory foam like inside, these ear pads worked well at canceling out surrounding noise. The other ear pads are a bit stiffer and made of a velvet like material, I prefer these as I enjoy hearing my surroundings easier. The headband isnt too tight and the slider seems like it would accommodate a wide range of head sizes. Over all I can wear these for extended periods of time and experience very little fatigue. Pros: +Nice Quality +Very Comfortable +Good Sound +Great Customer Support Neutral: +7.1 surround +Microphone Cons: +Some Defective Units ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------Original-------- 4/29/15 Has sound card issue where you will hear crackling and popping. Many people reporting problems with this and apparently Kingston is aware of the defect. I sent in a ticket and hopefully they can resolve the issue promptly, otherwise Ill just be returning back to amazon. -------Update------- 4/30/15 Kingston tech support responded to me very quickly and told me that I would be contacted by the warranty department. The next day the warranty department contacted me and told me they would send me a replacement part along with a mouse pad. Hopefully the part works and gets here quickly, a little disappointed in the fact that I got a defective product but my customer service experience has been well so far. -------Update------- 5/05/15 The replacement USB Sound Dongle came in the mail from the warranty and it works! Using a sine sweep (http://www.audiocheck.net/testtones_sinesweep20-20k.php) I no longer hear the crackle and pops. There are a few dips in performance at different frequency intervals but I did not buy these headphones with the intention of music production.
EDIT: Regarding my issue of the sound not working, I think I have determined the problem to be using Chrome Remote Desktop and TeamViewer. Whenever I use those programs, and sound plays on the PC with the headset plugged into it, it seems to bypass the headset and sound comes to my PC accessing the remote PC. Going back to my PC with the headset plugged in (and closing CRD and TV completely), that is when no sound comes out and I have to unplug the USB control box and plug it back in for it to start giving sound. I do not intend to stop using either of those programs, so unless I find a fix, I am OK with having to do this. I will not knock a few points from this headset that I already think is an awesome product; as it is an issue with a program and not the headset itself and as such I will change my rating from 4 *s to 5 *s. These have also been great for long periods of gaming and streaming. No headaches or sore spots on my head from wearing these, even with glasses on. My voice from my stream and recordings sound great, and playing Alien: Isolation is truly a terrifying thing when these are cranking up the noises and you hear metal clanking from the alien like it is right there above you! Things sound crisp and clear to me, like voices, even in movies and YouTube videos. END EDIT I bought these several weeks ago from Amazon Warehouse, thought I would save $5. I know $5 might not seem that much, but having just spent $1400 on new PC parts for my build, every dollar counts! Anyway, I am new to PC gaming, been with consoles for years. I wanted to find a good headset that would give me good sound, good mic, good fit, good build quality, and cheap. I found these actually by accident, as I was searching for Logitechs headset, initially. Now, these things are awesome... (The following is updated with my edit above) When they function, which to be honest is quite often. However, sometimes when I go to use these, they sometimes stop outputting sound. I go into my playback devices and I see that it is registering them active and that sound is being transmitted, except nothing comes out of the speakers. I have to unplug the USB control box from my PC and plug it back in for them to get back to working. I also have quite a bit of trouble getting these to work consistently with my HTC M8 (more so than with my PC). I sometimes have to reset my phone for these to work and I am not sure why that is. I am not sure if it is these that are just not very compatible, as I have earbuds that work every single time. That leads me to believe that these are defective in some way. It could be that by trying to save $5, these may have just been defective from the start. The mic is pretty good too. I like that it is detachable and flexible enough to get out of the way if I need it to be. You can hear yourself when you speak, you just need to make sure that, in your recording devices, you set it to listen. I really dont like this though. There is quite a big delay (maybe around 1/2 second) in you talking to hearing yourself from the speakers. The first time I tried this, I gave myself a headache. Just try to talk, expecting to hear your voice, and as you are saying one thing you are hearing what you just said, it gets very confusing for the senses! My speech became confusing, something my brain couldnt reconcile, which led to my headache (yes, an actual headache!). I am not sure if this is something that is expected when you have to do this, but I would not recommend doing this (of course, your experience may vary). There is a little rubber piece that goes over the exposed port of the mic when you detach it, from the headset, that I see being lost quite quickly. It is a nice touch to be able to cover that port, I just wish that it could have somehow been kept on the headset, so it wouldnt get lost. I still do have mine, and I keep it in the bag that comes with this headset (more on that below) so maybe I just need to keep it there unless I use these on a trip or something. The fit on these things are one of the best things about this. Very snug, very comfortable and when I have my glasses on, they dont press those into my head. You can either use the leather ones or the velour. I prefer the velour, they just feel very cozy and warm and plush! The build of these things, to me, do not seem to equate to a $100 price tag. That is a good thing, as these things feel like I am stealing something from Kingston! I would honestly expect to pay quite a bit more for how well these things are built. How can Kingston sell these for what I paid? I keep asking myself every time I put them on! They are built with metal along the top, padded underneath to rest comfortably on your head. With several hours of gaming, they dont feel heavy on my head. The stitching in these things is fantastic, it is a nice detail, that while it may not improve the functionality, it just proves my reasoning of thinking I am stealing something from this company, but I am glad I am not! The cord quality is great, it is braided so it doesnt tangle or get easily caught on something. The cord is standard length, from the headset to the end, which can plug into many things to be used for listening. However, it is short for having it just plugged into your PC (this is not using the USB control box). If you do use the control box, which I recommend, then it adds a lot of length, letting you sit quite a distance from your machine. The control box has a clip on the back that allows you to attach it to your pants pocket, shirt, anything else, really. This is nice cos now I dont have to figure out where my controls are when I quickly need to mute, decrease/increase volume/mic, enable/disable 7.1 virtual. So with these things not functioning properly for me at times, I am not sure if it is the control box, or the headset in general (like I said earlier, I have problems getting this to work properly on my phone too. This could all be due to the fact that I ordered from Amazon Warehouse instead of brand new). I need the control box to add the extra length as my PC sits farther away than some might have theirs. The carry bag that comes with this looks to be great quality too. I expect to use it for the first time in a couple days when I go on a trip and bring these along. It is large for these to fit and keep everything that comes with it, all in one space. Now onto the 7.1. I cannot comment on how well this works. Let me give you some background information. I have a hearing disability. 95% of my left ear is not working and I need a hearing aid in my right ear, which is around 70% deaf. I use these things with and without my hearing aid. I cannot use the functionality of the 7.1, which is not that big of a deal for me as I have come to terms with not being able to hear very well in general. It does, however, seem to increase the volume, which sometimes I need when I listen to movies or TV shows on my PC. So read what others have to say about that, Im sorry I cannot do this in this review. I will say though that these things can get LOUD. Which is why sometimes I use these without my hearing aid. They really do deliver a lot of sound to my ear that works. There is an audible tone when you push the controls and it is different when you reach the max and minimum. This is a nice touch as well. Finally. I am writing this review for the product I purchased from Amazon Warehouse a couple of weeks ago. Last night (3/24/15) I initiated a return for these. Do you want know what I did after that? I purchased a brand new set of these, for the original price I was trying to avoid weeks ago! That should tell you what I think of them, flaws and all, that I actually want these again. If the new pair doesnt work correctly, or like these things did, yes I will be disappointed, but it will be a minor issue for me because all of the other benefits of these things! Plus, having looked over the reviews, I see quite often that Kingston will reach out to those who arent satisfied with this and offer help. Not many companies care once they have your money. But when I see a company go this far for those who buy their products, being a small business owner myself, I greatly appreciate this large company for acting the way they do, even if the issue isnt resolved. It speaks volumes to those who love the products of a company and to those who may not be aware of what a company offers. But offering great customer service is another great feature of this product, and one you may not find from many others. Now keep in mind, all of these things are coming from someone who just got into PC gaming, there may be others out there, others that are better, cheaper, more expensive, whatever... But I am glad I stumbled on these when I did, cos I dont really want to go to another product, I love these things! One last thing, Amazon is amazing! I contacted them about these and when I order the new pair last night, they offered one day shipping free! There are a lot of bad companies out there, but Kingston and Amazon are among the elite in my opinion!
Amazing sound especially with the 7.1 audio feature. So comfortable!
These are amazing must have for serious gamers.
Works great. It is very comfortable and the sound quality is amazing. The mic is also very good quality
Good pair of headphones for a person that doesn’t know jack about gaming but rather just hops on to play fort, fifa, or AC origins with his mates. Was a great upgrade and I’d honestly recommend these if you don’t wanna spend big big.
HE SAID THEY WERE THE BEST HE HAS HAD SO FAR.
My son was diagnosed with a brain tumor. It is in the exact spot as the wifi receiver.  This headset keeps the signals away especially if there is hours upon hours of gameplay.  I would give 5 stars, but it only works with xbox wireless controller with an extra adapter.
Great product for the price.
I am a gamer, so from a gamers perspective who plays at least 45 hours a week, this is a great headset, build quality is amazing and the detachable mic is exactly what I needed, I have it connected to my Astro Mixamp running to my PC
Amazing headphones and can’t hear anything with them on
I never get complaints about feed back echo, or sound super life like reproduction both on pc and xbox.
I can say that they are good but i think that can be better
Decent noise cancellation and the audio works beautifully.
Really easy to use, easy to wear for long periods of time (I use this at work for calls and to listen to music and can have them on my head all day no problems) for either gaming or work. Sound quality is awesome and the surround sound feature is quite nice. The foam earcups are among the most comfortable Ive ever worn, I think thats a major selling point of this headset is just how comfortable they are. Its also nice to have the in-line controls with the clip so you can have it accessible on some part of your clothing for quick adjustments/mutes.
I bought this headset 6 months ago. It feels durable, comes with a good amount of accessories, and is comfortable. Additionally, audio quality sounds good (I dont use the virtual 7.1 surround sound, though). I dont normally use these to listen to music since I have a dedicated pair of headphones for that. I mostly use this headset for voice chatting with people on Discord and in-game voice communication and its great for that. However, its important to note that on Windows 10 while using the USB sound card, you may have to change the sample rate so the microphone doesnt sound bad for the first time you use it. To do this, 1. Go to Control Panel > Sound > Recording 2. Right click "Headset Microphone HyperX Virtual Surround Sound" and click Properties 3. Click Advanced 4. Under Default Format, select the drop down menu and change it to "DVD Quality" (it was probably set to "Telephone Quality"). The microphone should sound better now. Im not sure if this is Kingstons problem or due to Windows. Ive emailed Kingston about it but never received a reply (sometimes my email service just rejects incoming emails, so Ill give them the benefit of the doubt). I highly recommend this headset.
The product was more than fair
Feels good and snug. Sound quality is good, but when listening to music the bass isnt as good compared to similar products. Mic is really good, people hear me clearer compared to other headsets.
I used Logitech for years before trying something new and I am very happy I did. Headset comes in a very nice box and the presentation is fantastic. The headset is confront able for hours of gaming and sounds amazing. I have not had any problems and will buy this brand again.
This is a no brainer if you game and you don’t have headset even remotely close to this  Buy this !!!
Sound quality for music could be better but other wise sounds great. Could fit better on my head-its kind of loose so the sound doesnt sound as good if I were to gently press the earpieces against my head. So noise cancellation and sound quality could be slightly better if it pressed against my head just a little bit more. Build quality seems really good.
I love this headset, the sound quality isnt the best (sometimes theres a faint scratchy sound at low volumes) but the noise cancellation works great. The cord is durable, and if you use the USB connector, its pretty long; I can plug it into the USB on the back of my PC and still have plenty of cord left.
My son loves these for gaming and listening to his tablet. He says they are really comfortable and work really well
This headset feels great, and is built very well. The Unboxing experience is great! I have attached two photos to this review, One is the sound control panel settings for the HyperX USB DAC, the other one is the Realtek HD sound card DAC built into my high end gaming laptop. Let me tell you, I CAN TELL A HUGE DIFFERENCE in quality. the DVD quality of the usb dac sounds muffled, as compared to the Studio quality sound I get with the built-in dac. By all means, the USB dac is still nice and not BAD quality its just not what it could be and its holding the headset back. The Headset can handle 2 Channel, 24 bit, 192000 Hz (Studio Quality).
Quality made for all types of heads
I love these headphones, I consistently swap between my PC, Xbox, and PS4. I think the in line amp only works on PC, I could be wrong, but the audio quality is still amazing without it. Theres a lot of sound leakage (in or out) with the cloth ear cups, and a little less with the PU leather cups. Its still not too bad for passive noise cancellation, youll just want to be in a quite room if you really need to pay attention to sound. The build is solid, very durable.
The comfort is amazing. It doesnt squeeze tight at all. The headband is very comfortable. I wear prescription glasses with flex-bend ear pieces and I have no discomfort. Fits over my glasses just fine. I especially like the cloth ear pads to avoid perspiring. Changing the ear pads is a bit of a challenge and requires patience. The firmware on the USB dongle has to be upgraded to get the best sound. The sound is descent but a bit tingy (high pitch) - I think it needs more low and mid range. I wish there was a user tune-able equalizer but there isnt because there is no custom device driver - it just uses the standard Microsoft USB audio driver. The construction quality is good and durable. I really like that the frame is made from aluminum and not plastic.
The sound is great! Seemed a good deal deeper in terms of the base than some old Logitech I was using. The mic plug in is great, love the flexibility to it. Head phones are soft and cushiony. Head band is good and springy when stretching to put over my head. holds on to my head well. Owned for about a month now as of 7/1/19
very satisfied with this headset, reliable quality for the price, would recommend.
Just as described
Amazing headset. Came in a nice box and the adapter for oc it comes with is great
Very comfortable and definitely a noice cancelling. Works as described.
My son liked the head phones for gameing
I have definitely seen a difference in my gameplay when it comes to rainbow six siege a very sound-based game so sound is very important I have seen a good difference in gameplay I get more kills in ranked games I can give better callouts because I can hear them from far away the mic quality is AMAZING best Ive ever heard/had even my friends said that the mic was a lot better than my Astro a40s and the headset is soooo comfy they are like clouds on my ears the name makes sense I even convinced 3 people of my squad on rainbow six siege to buy them Im waiting for theres to get delivered to there house so when they give me a verdict I will update but anyway all of this good for 90$ is awesome.
Being a game for 15 years I’ve tried all ends of the headset spectrum. And wow hyperx is great. First off the quality is that of the most expensive headsets out there. And it’s very comfortable. You can hear everything in the game and when I use Spotify the music is up to par with my bang & olufsens.... so there’s really no need to buy anything more expensive unless you like wasting money. Just the truth
Very satisfied- great price, great quality
This works Grand!! I can still hear my girlfriend complaining through all that noise cancellation. Personal problem though lol 
After purchasing these headphones, I can say without a doubt that these headphones are worth the price. The quality of it is amazing, way better than my $30 turtle beaches that’s forsure!
about a year in now and they still sound great!
Love this headset, only thing I wish is there was a mute button, but the removable mic works almost as well.
They seem durable enough, more so than a competitors brand I bought which were made shoddily. They are "gaming gear" so not as nice as a higher quality pair of headphones and a separate mic but as far as combos go in this price range (~$100) theyre good. My one big issue is the mic is very, very quiet. Even with it turned all the way up in Windows settings people struggle to hear me and I have to turn it up all the way in whatever voice chat program Im using and sometimes other people have to boost me as well even after that. This is a significant annoyance but it can be worked around as mentioned. They feel like theyre going to last more than a couple years of use too which is nice. The long cord is nice and I appreciate I can use it with my xbox one if I want. Theyre comfortable enough but youre not going to get real comfort for long wear in this price range.
great quality and comfort wrapped into one. highly impressed. transitioned from LG933s and probably never going back.
Exelentes diademas
Be mindful of the earmuffs as they deteriorate over time, aside that i have no complains.
Very good headset. Would recommend.
Like the product it works very well with No troubles.
Awesome
I like it
Super happy with this purchase! Not expensive at all for what you’re getting. These headphones have AMAZING sound quality and it also has a great surround sound!
:]
Decently priced. GREAT sound. I like the removable mic. Super long cord. Very comfortable on my ears.
Works great
After playing with earbuds for years, I finally upgraded to over-ear headphones and wish I hadnt waited so long. Sound quality is amazing. When you turn 7.1 audio on its a clear difference. The voice activated mic is clear and loud and detachable! I use USB port to connect to my laptop and the regular jack on my phone. As for noise cancelling, I use them when I spend 6 hours on a ZTR lawn mower and couldnt be happier. My only complaint is that they dont fit perfectly over my left ear and it gets sore after wearing for awhile.
An awesome product, well worth the $
The Good: 1. HyperX does great packaging. 2. The build quality really does feel excellent. The headset feels solid, like a tank. 3. Tested on my Creative SoundBlasterX AE-5 with lossless music files, the audio quality is leaps and bound ahead of the last HyperX headset I tested. I still feel like the sound stage is really narrow, and the highs are a tad shrill, but overall, much improved and I could see myself listening to these happily. The overall sound profile reminded me of my Audio-Technica ANC-9Bs, with very similar clarity and punch. For gaming and casual music listening, these work just fine. The Less Good: 1. I have a small and shaved head. A great number of headsets are too big for me even on the smallest setting. This one just barely makes it for me, but its really close. 2. Zero clamping force. In order to get a really good seal and let the music sing, I have to physically push against the side of the drivers. Otherwise, air escapes and the low-end loses falls flat. While I appreciate that no one wants headphones that feel like a vice on ones skull, for closed-back headsets like this, a good seal makes or breaks the audio quality, and the clamping pressure on these isnt enough for me with my smaller head out of the box. The What Were They Thinking? 1. No inline controls for volume or muting the mic when using analog inputs. Seriously? On a $99 gaming headset? Inexcusable, frankly, and possibly the biggest deal-breaker for me. Being able to quickly mute yourself or turn the volume down is a basic feature, probably the only "must have" for a gaming headset. Yes, if you use the USB dongle thingy those features are there, but for those of us with actual sound cards or plugging into an Xbox or PS4 controller, the USB is not usable.
The USB method is the best way to use the Headset. It allows for quick surround sound that actually works, quick volume and mute. Ear Cups are hard to change, I loosened and made the soft cushy ones not fit. Its okay because I can replace them but the method of getting on them is a little hard. The Leatherette isnt too comfy, but its good to get the most noise to feel the bass. I like them, if you have any questions, lemme know.
This headset is amazing, the noise cancelation works amazing, every time the wife yells at me to get off i cant hear a thing! Dislike, is doesnt serve well with protection from flying objects such as shoes. Audio is amazing honestly, its Hyper X you know.
Sound quality is Awsome very comfortable well built headphones!
very good headphones, but in order to use volume control with ps4, a connection  to the console through usb is require
Bought it 2 years ago and the cord is still good. Mic is fine. The 7.1 surround button on the little thing is quite useless and only ruins audio instead of adding any depths or enhancement. The leather earmuffs have lasted very well and have only the slightest bit of deterioration on a single muff. The headphones might be viewed as "heavy" though so try to figure out if you like something like that on your head.
Great headset!
I dislike how long the usb cord is. And the regular was too short. If only there was an in between
Might he the best gaming headset I have ever had! Good price, great quality.
Great quality headset. The surround sound and 7.1 features are outstanding. It works best while gaming or listening to audio from a PC, but also works great while playing my Xbox one. The sound card works the best on PC and not as well on the Xbox. If you use it with an Xbox controller, you have to manually alter the settings in the Xbox menu to control mute and volume.
