This headset looks and feels cheap, made from clunky, blocky plastic. More important the audio quality over mic is terrible and people can hear themselves over your mic because of the poor design. Beware of this cheap crap.
Broke immediately, and when I tried to call about the warranty the said I had already voided it because they insisted the problem was my fault. Used them for 1 day and they stopped working.
Depending on the game youre playing, these suck. Rainbow Six Seige and Overwatch are the games I played. I could never pinpoint the steps of enemies on R6 and on Overwatch characters sounded muffled. The audio sucks but are comfortable to wear.
The headset is comfortable for a bit, but then I personally find that it gets pretty hot while wearing this headset. I hate how the wire going into the headset is not detachable so thats definitely reason for concern because if that cord breaks say goodbye to the headset. Also my friends told me the mic was bad, but the actual sound is okay.
The right headphone stopped working in less than two weeks. My son and I have tried contacting the manufacturer and provided everything they needed information wise. Still no resolve and my return window has closed. Terrible customer service.
Apparently the ability to hear yourself through the microphone is not an option with these headphones.
good headset, but i prefer hyper x revolver. sound level low,
Starting messing up after 6 months . Might as well have bought 35 dollar ones
Son used for gaming.  The 3.5 mm headphone jack came apart progressively and became totally useless after six weeks.  Seven days outside the return window.  $80 wasted.
Decent
I like these headphones bu the cable wore out after ~1.5-2 years and now the audio pops in and out and I constantly have to reset the audio source. Im fairly certain the cable going into the mute switch broke because it happens when I move that section of cable, but there is no visible damage. Overall pretty good but not very durable for the price.
Lets just say the quality of this headset was amazing including the sound and durability, but apparently I was shipped with a damaged mic!  Customer service was good and I received my full refund.
Theres a constant, never-ending static (not crackling), wooshing background noise that can be heard when you connect really horrible quality earbuds or as if the sound was horribly amplified. This can be heard louder if theres any source of sound i.e. when I play youtube, the noise is heard and when I pause the video, its decreased or stopped. This is prominent when 7.1 surround sound is turned on. If I turn the surround sound off, the noise is lessened but not gone. Also the base is generally too weak and sounds are too sharp to my ears. Ive asked my friends who recommended me this particular headset (hes gone through two cloud II -- not because it was bad, he kept buying new one after good use) but they never had this problem. Im going to see how this goes and would ask for a replacement if this problem persists.
I bought these headphones today, and they sound fantastic but the mic output sounds absolutely terrible, I set it up properly and it is just too poor for my taste. Great headset if your okay with your voice sounding aweful.
If you dont need a good microphone and only need headphones, comfort, and sound, then go with this. The microphone is absolutely worthless though. Your friends will think your microphone is from 2001.
I purchased these to use at work (open office space design in an IT shop) for blocking out noise, listening to music, and participating in WebEx conference calls. The Good: + Sound quality for music playback is good. A little too much bass (and I like lots of bass), but overall good. I can hear the musical details well and theyre not muddy sounding. + Sound quality for WebEx is excellent. Voices are clear. + Comfortable to wear for long periods of time. They come with two type of ear pads. Im only using the puffy ones, not the fuzzy ones. They completely fit over my ears so no sore ears at the end of the day. + They block out noise. Sometimes I wear them without playing music just to block out coworkers conversations. When playing music, they totally block the outside world. + Look cool. The Bad: + They come with a USB cable with a built in sound card. This is terrible. The sound quality is good, however, the mic is useless when using this cable. When I use the USB cable, Im blocked from controlling my mic volume through computer or WebEx. My mic volume is too low to use for WebEx meetings. Mic is ok if I plug in using the 3.5mm connector. + Cable is too short. The cable for the 3.5mm connector is about 3ft long. This makes it difficult to use at work. Im going to purchase an extender cable. The USB cable is long, but again, I cant use it for meetings.
The headset is AWESOME.. However I got it for a nice crisp microphone. That is not what it is. I am sad because the headset is amazing.  If you are getting this for a good gaming mic and awesome sound look elsewhere.
Everything is great except my mic is broken and i have to tape it to the headset
my mic broke very fast
Ppl cant hear u that well
Main cord and jack isnt high enough quality for price charged.  Appears newer model has removable cord, guess too many issues with this model so they changed, yet they wont cover faulty cord and jack under their warranty.  Owned less than one year, so buyer beware!
I’m not sure how this is getting all these good reviews. First set for Christmas broke within a few months. Second one there is now a short in the speaker and he has to hold it a certain way to talk. Come on! All of this within 12 months.
Tried the headphones in a game and for playing movies. In both cases there is a clicking static noise which makes it impossible to use these headphones. The surround sound feature sounds kind of cheap. Returned them within the day.
This is the third time I have bought this headset and for some reason this one has poor quality.  There is a short in the wire or something wrong with it.  I used it for two weeks and it is not working at all :( Would like to return it.
We are still waiting for a replacement pair here as the first ones we got a few weeks ago didn’t work. :(
So I had decided to buy this headset after one of my friends convinced me to do so. I thought it would be a bad idea because the last hyper x cloud I had bought stopped working immediately as well. After about 4 hours of using the headset which worked great it began to get a static sound in the background as if the 3.5mm jack was being pulled in an out of the controller. Its very unfortunate that the quality isnt there. Because when the headset works its a great headset. But I highly recommend you not buying this headset. If you can buy a pair of Astros a50s. Hyper x get your act together! Youre 2 for 2 on bad headsets! I wont touch you again.!
Bought for christmas present.  Stopped working on Jan 15.  Didnt even get one months use.  Do no buy.
If you’re gonna buy this for PS4... don’t. Here’s why: Microphone quality = Trash (Muffled and low volume) the usb cord can be used BUT you CANNOT press any buttons besides the mute button. If you DO press any buttons (Headset Volume Up/Down, Microphone Volume Up/Down, or The 7.1 surround sound feature) After maybe 5 min or less all the settings that you pressed will be stuck, what I mean is this. Say your mic is muted right? You go to press The volume Up bottom for you Headset (It’s pretty low even with tweaked settings) After about 5 minutes your Microphone will be permanently muted, the volume can’t be changed, the mic volume can’t be changed, you can’t activate or deactivate the 7.1 surround sound feature nor unmute or mute. You see what I’m saying? Everything you changed at that moment with be like that UNTIL you unplug it. Basically if you want to use this while it’s plugged into your ps4 just don’t mess with the buttons besides the mute or unmute. Also the surround sound isn’t really that good in console, but hey maybe you’ll like it. You can use it while it’s plugged into your controller but you can’t mute it is the only problem for me. Also the cord for me gets tangled quickly. If you’re out there and looking for a good headset for PS4 I’d maybe recommend The Turtle Beaches Stealth 600 ($85.00 at the moment) I will be returning these and getting my refund and putting my refund into that headset, I’ve read a lot of good things about them and some not so good but definitely the good will out weigh it. I hope I helped you.
The cloud 2s are VERY comfortable -- I could wear them for 10+ hours day. The sound quality is great and much better than other gaming headsets, same goes for the mic. The main issue I have with these is the non-removable cable. Ive had my pair for about a year and a half now and the cable is showing signs of dying. Im very careful with my gear, never dropped these, never pulled on the cable, basically treated the headset with care. So I tried going through the RMA process and to be fair the HyperX reps responded within a day and they were very helpful laying out all my options. The maximum wait time for me between our back and forth email correspondence was 1 business day, which when compared to other big gaming companies (cough Logitech) is pretty good. Unfortunately the actual replacement process is not practical for me. Im not from the US, and they want me to pay for shipping to the return center plus customs taxes for the replacement. That would set me back around $40-50. Which means Id have to pay half the price of the headset for a new pair which would have less than a year of warranty. Considering the cable issue WILL inevitably happen in the future, I didnt bother getting a replacement from HyperX and got a headset from another brand instead. I would have gotten the Cloud Alphas but a couple things put me off: - a lot of negative reviews regarding comfort and ear pad smell - not available in gun metal/neutral color scheme I know this isnt the review section for the Alphas but if HyperX addressed the above issues I would get the Alphas (or their successor) in a heartbeat.
this product feels great but for some reason wont work with my PC. I followed the provided link to troubleshoot the problem and still have a headset with no working mic. I previously had a Logitech G930 headset and never had this problem from them. The quality of their headset was lower, all plastice which eventually broke, but it worked right out of the box with no problem. Logitech truly has given a better experience so far. these hyperX cloud 2s feel good though, which is ok i guess. great headset, you might get a better experience from these than I did. As for me I think I may return these and just get another logitech G930.
Dunno if I got a bad unit or what, but my mic was so sensitive it would echo light audio from 5-15 feet away and cause a giant echo when in an Xbox party (on Xbox or PC). Pretty useless. The incoming audio quality was great, but if I didnt need a mic I wouldnt have bought one.
Microphone is as good as advertised, purchased in jan 2016 and stopped work Sept 2018, called Kingston, said its 9 months out of warranty and cant do anything. Kind of surprised by the customer service, when I had a logitech keyboard well out of warranty and it stopped working they gave me a discount code to use on anything on the website. I suppose I will stick with purchases with logitech moving forward.
first thing i noticed was the length of the cable, was was so short i would be breaking my neck just to use it. secondly the added prong adaptor for mic/audio might not fit your tower, it didnt for mine. they look nice, couldnt even test it.
Maybe I got a defective pair but sound quality is terrible. My old Hyper X Cloud’s, the stereo version of these ones, sound much better and boomier, (more low end). The surround sound on these is laughable. I have a better gaming experience in my old, cheaper stereo Cloud’s than these Cloud 2’s. Very disappointed for a product that I thought would sit somewhere between my current stereo headphones and the Hyper X Revolver S, which I very much enjoy. I’ll be returning these cloud 2’s tomorrow.
Terrible Sound Quality and Volume level. Could hardly here anything with the volume maxed out. Ear pads are comfy... thats about it
These broke after two months of use. Had to buy a different brand, not a good look.
DO NOT PURCHASE F0R PS4!!! Apparently, this is good to go out of the box for PC only. I have the Cloud Core headset already, wanted an Upgrade. Technical support said I needed to Update the In-Line box myself with Windows 10 or higher to use the updated features they advertise and get 7.1 surround and two channel controls. I do not have a PC? No where in the description does it say this. Now I have to wait for refund. The only other option is to buy HyperX Revolver S, which is $50 more...Thanks HyperX
Sound quality and noise cancellation are great but microphone has no noticeable adjustment, most people will find you to be too quiet on voice chat. Headset is essentially useless if using for team based games. Contacted support and now after a few emails with no resolution, they have stopped responding.
I owned these headphones for a few years. I think I got 2.5 years out of them before the sound stopped coming from one side. The feel, look, and sound quality were all great, but they didnt last long unfortunately. They refused to replace them because the warranty expired so woe is me.
My friend and I each bought one of these and both of them ended up not working fully after about 3-6 months of use. The cable on my headset has to be angled a certain way for the headset to even work at all. My friends AUX cable for plugging into the 7.1 control panel or sound port quickly stopped working after about 6 months. Probably wont get another one
Your only option to gain volume control and a reliable mute button is to purchase a separate adapter and plug directly into the PS4 controller, so basically this is a $80 headset with the functionality of a $15 one. The USB option that comes with the headphones simply does not work, and either way youre not going to get any sort of surround sound which means that their advertising of this headset is false. Im sure theyll blame Sony for not having a USB port with the proper drivers, but the truth is if you buy a generic product that is made to work on multiple systems youre taking a risk. Im assuming they work just fine on PC. Also, I found it is possible to get the mute button working by unplugging/re-plugging the usb connection a few times, or just power-cycling the PS4 a few times, but not sure what normal person would want to do that every time.
Like but not really for the Xbox one
One of the main reasons I purchased this product is because it has a 3.5mm plug yet it does not get picked up by my controllers. I have updated the controllers, Ive changed audio settings however reddit users also noticed this to be a problem. I cannot give 4 or 5 stars to a product that cannot be used effectively on an X box one when its clearly stated in the instructions to just be plugged into the 3.5mm jack.
Plugged this in to a Win10 PC and the microphone was muffled and barely audible to other users in multiple games and discord. Ironically I unplugged the USB adapter and used an older turtle beach one and wouldnt you know it worked just fine. So ditch the 7.1 surround adapter? Then why did I pay $70 bucks when a $30 turtle beach works just as good. Fail!
3 months after buying they broke. Waste of money!
Not for PlayStation
Right ear died after less than 2 years of use. But comfortable at the beginning.
The detachable microphone stopped working after about 2 years, so thinking it was a fluke, I ordered another one. About a year after that, the right ear stopped working -- while literally sitting still at my desk, it started to go in and out. I opened the thing up to see if it was a loose wire, but they were all still soldered on. Cant figure out whats actually broken, but I think the cheap materials/wiring just gave out.
I loved my headset, it has great sound quality and its very comfortable.  Unfortunately I dropped it once... yes once. The right ear piece fell out and I can not get it back reattached, period. Maybe if I had technical specifications on the super tiny screw I could do it, but none of the screwdrivers Ive tried work.
There was a constant hum/ buzz. If you plan to use these with a PC (and so you have to use the USB adapter) there will be a consistent background noise.  The adapter is crap and so was the replacement adapter sent by the Kingston.
I liked them until about a month ago the right ear is dead, no sound at all. I’ll try a different brand this time. I’m an older guy and these are put away in a drawer after every use, so it’s not because of being careless either. And after using them today it’s the jack. Wiggle the jack a little and both ears stop working.
I bough 2 headsets at $70 a piece.  Both microphones have stopped working.  We tested to make sure by swapping them out for iPhone earbuds and and the sound and microphone worked on the earbuds, so it eliminates problems with the setup and shows the earphones are defective.  Warranty ran out Jan 31 and the support expired on the March 17th.  Read the fine print before you buy.  My grandkids are heartbroken...
This is yet another example of a mediocre accessory with the price inflated to 5 times what it should cost because the word "Gaming" was added to the description.  The USB interface disconnects and reconnects at random intervals (at least a couple times an hour).  The 7.1 setting does not provide any sense of surround sound.  It also lowers the volume and adds digital distortion to the audio.  Out of the box, the mic gain cannot be adjusted in windows and it is far too low.  HyperX offers a fix for this which downgrades the USB interface firmware to a version that allows the OS to control the gain.  After doing this, I discovered that the gain is set to max by default so adjusting it is of no help. Conclusion: if you intend to use these via USB, listen to surround audio, or communicate, these would be a poor bargain in the $20 price range.  Using them to listen to stereo audio via a 3.5mm jack yields acceptable results, but at this price point you would be much better off buying a set of Sennheiser 280s for that purpose.
Headphone jack broke off inside the PS4 controller ruining both the expensive gaming controller and headphones.
Poorly design product!! The connector broke and stuck in the adapter..a total. $200 problem!!! Don’t buy this headset!
I have still yet to find the perfect headphones for people with glasses.  I first got these reading the reviews about how light it was and thought it would be perfect for people with glasses like me.  But they clamp so hard on my head and I can only wear them for a hr at a time before the pain gets unbearable.
My son plugged the headset into his controller and there is an obvious short in the cord and the sound goes in and out whenever the cord is moved.  We will be returning, always disappointing to get a low quality product, but really stinks when it is Christmas morning.
Biggest waste of money. There is no way to adjust the volume like it claims. It has to be plugged into a pc to use that adapter. Not fully compatible with any system accept pc
Ive had these headphones about 6 months and the sound is starting to go.  When people talk on discord Im starting to get a lot of static.  The mic was never worked well.  Had to adjust the up mic volume to max on windows and people still had trouble hearing me at 400%.  The extra long cord gets tangled easily as well.  Ive gotten better quality and a longer life out of cheaper products. Edit -  Less than 12 hours from writing this review they have not stopped working at all.  Tried both the USB and Prong ports on the computer and neither are working, tried the single port for connecting to a phone and its not working either.  Not worth the high price tag for such a short life span.
These were some of the best headsets that Ive ever used. After about a year of using them. The headsets started acting up. Now I cant talk but can still hear. Overall this headet is really good in the beginning untill they stopped working.
Mic sucks and makes me sound like a 3 year old if you want good sound quality get it but the mic sucks as much as something from the dollar tree
Piece of crap broke in 60 days. Can’t even reach anyone in reference to any warranty
I purchased this headset after reading a lot of great reviews online.  The first set I received had an awful hissing sound whenever plugged in.  I reported it to Amazon and received a prompt replacement, which was great.  Besides the fact that the second headset has the same issue.  I didnt file a report about the new set because I thought maybe itd get better, because theres no way that two headsets from the same manufacturer could have this issue, and I didnt want to abuse Amazons refund policy, but here we are.  The sound and mic quality are just fine, but this ringing in my headset gets old very, very fast.
I use this with my XBO controller...I’ve played with the headset a total of four times (about 2 hours per session). The first session was great, no issues. However, ever since then if I even bump the connection slightly or lean the wrong way the connection breaks, I can’t hear my friends/they can’t hear me. I have to twist the connector around and after several pops try to find the exact position where I’m reconnected. It’s highly annoying. Can’t recommend and I’m looking for a new rig.
The audio has been cutting out all thr time. I bought them on July 17th, and the audio started messing up around 2 weeks ago. Ive tried everything, and ive always kept them in pristine condition.
When I used it for gaming my friends always complained they couldnt hear me. Did everything possible to increase the input, but theres a certain windows feature this headset cant utilize for some reason. And now 3 years in of owning them, the left ear sound stopped working.
no audio from one of the two ear phones out of box
The sound quality is great, but this is mostly for PC gaming,  Not for PS4 or XBOX. The volume on the controller for the headset cant be adjusted. In order to keep adjusting the volume you have to keep doing it in the settings menu.
One of the most well made pieces of electronic equipment Ive seen. However, these types of large gaming headsets are simply not as comfortable to wear for long periods as ear buds. Also, while it works perfectly on PC, the volume of the headset cant be increased enough when using it on PS4. I dont recommend it for PS4 gamers unless you want to hear your games at half-volume. Ive tried everything to increase it more and its not possible. Ive read other peoples comments on google about the same issue and noone has a solution. These are too expensive to buy unless you want them for PC gaming only and dont mind wearing large headsets for long periods of time.
Bought this headset to replace my old 20 dollar logitech headset for gaming, this is the second hyper x product I tried because the revolver s had the same issue, I figured maybe it was just one product and tried this one, but apparently, all of hyper x sucks and doesnt know how to make a working headset. I have had an issue with the dongle (sound card) on both headsets, Id get a bunch of white noise and on the cloud two, I could hear my friends but they could not hear me. These items should of been discontinued with as many complaints about the dongles as I have seen. It would not be as big of an issue if I could plug it into my pc without the dongle, but the cloud two has a hard fix splitter for the 3.5mm jack. It wont plug into my pc because the ports are too far away. I really wanted to like both of these product since they felt so nice and I paid so much for them, but I guess I need to settle for a cheap twenty dollar mic to get quality audio.
Unfortunately, the microphone stopped working 3 months in to using these.  You can still hear people, but people cannot hear you.  Ive emailed Amazon with no response as of yet.
This headset is very comfortable and the sound come out great, however the mic dies on you after a few months, and even after you go though Kingston (who were nice on RMA) they sent 1st another microphone attachment that was not the problem then then sent a whole new headset because the sound card in the cord goes out for the microphone. After about 2 months or so that microphone also died. In short dont get this for gaming because it will break on you 100%, you can still hear things just not talk. Pro: Good sound Comfortable Con: Microphone will 100% die on you at some point before one year, and the RAM will die too shortly after that.
I bought this headset after my brother recommended it to me (its probably important to note he had no problems with his headset at all and his lasted two years until he bought a different one). This headset is super comfortable and has great sound quality, but I started having problems with it about 4-5 months in. When talking in an Xbox party with my friends, my headset began to make buzzing/static noises. After talking to customer support, they determined it was a microphone issue and sent me a new one. A month after receiving the new mic, I started having the same problems again. Ive tried to keep using it despite these issues, but its gotten to the point where the microphone only works about 50% of the time. Since Id rather not deal with the lengthy process of talking to customer support and waiting for stuff to get sent to me, I just decided to buy a new, different headset.
At first look, this product seems like a good product, until you actually start using it regularly.  Then, expect the ear pads to constantly be falling off, the plugs and sockets of the audio connectors to not plug in reliably, and then to have the microphone simply work at a whisper, with ZERO control from the USB control box. Tried removing and re-installing the USB device from the control panel (Windows expert), updating with the driver from the support page, and nothing at all works. Find a headset that has real audio drivers, plugs that go directly into the sound card, and does not rely on an unreliable USB connection for Windows audio. This isnt it.
Its a very quality headset but the 7.1 sound and sound board only works for PC. If playing on a Ps4, Xbox, or mobile it would not work but it does have great sound, very comfortable, would recommend for PC players only
Bought because of good price and reviews but the description failed to mention the audio control box in non compatible for Xbox. Other than that mix up the headset seemed solid and sound quality was okay without the control box.
I discovered that this headset has an issue with the microphone that will not permit adjustment of the quality. The external controller (bit with the volume buttons) works as an external sound card and sets the microphone voice quality without any way to adjust it. On my new MSI MPG 390 motherboard under Windows 10 this resulted in it being stuck in 8000hz telephone quality mode, which sounds very bad for VOIP. There is absolutely no way to change it to anything higher as if you do the system defaults back to the 8000hz setting. Another Cloud II headset has this exact same behavior and the behavior is also present on a 5+ year old system but there at least it is stuck in 44100 quality so the sound isnt an issue. There are NO drivers for this headset and the only firmware update available doesnt accomplish anything either. Ive attempted to contact support but after 3 days Ive heard nothing. Ive ordered a Y splitter to plug the headset into and bypass the control, Im hoping that it will resolve the issue well enough to get the headset problem sorted out.
i really like the quality of these headphones but ONE hour into my gameplay i started to notice a popping\crackling noise in both ears. not constant but randomly. you can read up on this problem on many forums. its just a major defect in my opinion.
mic stopped working  for my son, hes very upset and there is no way to reach seller to see if its something that  can be fixed
After a month  of use the 7.1 usb dongle started making crackling noises whenever it was plugged in. There is no other way to use the headphones so this became very annoying. Whenever I was on voice chat there would be loud crackling that coming from the headset. The sound quality is great but for the mic has too many glaring issues for me to recommend this product.
They are horrible headsets!! Ive bought 3 Hyper X cloud 2s (1 for me and 2 for my brothers) the build quality is amazing and they are really comfortable but they lack volume and have the lifespan of a cockroach. My 13 year old brothers stopped working first (I kinda expected it but was still surprised) then my 16 year old brothers stopped working also (I was really surprised) then mine stopped working and I realized they were shit and nobody should buy these they are horribly made and go out for no reason.
When I open the box the splitter was missing
sound quality is atrocious, didnt bother trying the mic. If youre buying them for xbox one you cant use the thing to adjust sound or chat volume lmao. For my PC the headset cut out on me once which was not cool so that was the deciding factor for me to return them.
My son just bought this in December 2019 and the jack were it plugs into the Xbox 360 is already bent and will no longer work.  It is not very durable.
Hey, My mic stopped working after 1 month and i need to jiggle the cable plug to make it work sometimes. it is super annoying. I paid a lot for this and it shouldnt stop working like this after a month
Not as good as the other brands. Wish i waited longer for other headphones to go on sale
Work great sound great BUT once the ear pads come off, even though they come with two pairs, vinyl and cushioned, they CANNOT be reinstalled.  Thank goodness we bought two year warranty so that they can be replaced.
I was shocked when this headset arrived and the analog cord was about 36” long.  It can’t possibly reach my audio card on the back of the computer.  Also it’s only a single male jack, my audio card has separate microphone and headphone jacks.  They give you a two prong adapter but the distance between the prongs are the wrong distance apart to work.  Ok so they forced me to use this as a USB headset.  The mic. Sensitivity button didn’t work.  I made sure it had the latest firmware.  In Windows 10 I went into sound settings and into microphone settings and I was unable to adjust the sensitivity level, it just won’t respond.  This sens. level in Windows works fine if I plug in my Corsair USB headset.
I bought these HyperX Cloud II to replace my Logitech G35s after they broke... again. Pros: The HyperX Cloud IIs are lightweight and very comfortable to wear for a long time. The adjustment is straightforward and effective. With the USB adapter, the cable is plenty long enough (probably 7-8 feet). Cons: The sound out of the box is well... meh. For the price, I expected better and to that point some sort of software to adjust the sound, which there wasnt. The controls on the cable are minor at best with just volume, mic, 7.1 surround, and mute controls. After doing some research I found many people are using Equalizer APO 1.2 to load their own equalizer profiles. After trying a few new profiles I found a few that work much better, but the sound still doesnt compare to the G35s. Two last gripes, there is no visual indicator on the controller for mute or sound/mic levels and, again comparing to G35, I dont think the 7.1 surround sound is a true 7.1. It doesnt have the same level of immersive sound.
Great quality, but on my PS4 pro its not loud enough, n I got everything on max. My ps4 headset I had before were much louder n better. Too bad they broke so easily. Im sure these probably sounds better on PC but on the PS4 the volume is just a bit too low..
very durable,well built good sound , not to sound proof
The jack portion snapped of on our headset and is not replaceable, so now the headset it nothing more then ear warmers.
They worked great for a couple months. I just returned my SECOND pair for cracking/popping noises. Cant believe two pairs in a row had the same issue.
Product came broken.  My guess is the wires inside the cord itself were separated somehow and there was no audio coming out of the right headphone speaker.  Everything else was fine. However, I bought another one at the local Best Buy and was perfectly fine.  Only conflict is the cord gets tangled very easily.
While I did find the sound from this headset to be decent, the microphone it came with was a completely different story; Poor quality, scratchy sounding, input volume was sooo quite even after turning microphone boost up as far as possible. Wouldnt recommend this product at its asking price.
Hi, These are very nice headphones for the price.  I mainly play competitive FPS PC games.  I also listen to music and they are quite good for that. I bought these in 05/2016 and was in love.  Now in September of 2018, there is a buzzing/ringing sound coming through the right ear when audio is played through them.  This ONLY happens when I play audio.  If I stop the audio, it goes away. Apparently this is pretty common based on the reviews Im reading.  And the issue appears to start about 1.5 years in.  So, I will say that the headphones are great and I did love them, but its frustrating when they stop working so suddenly.  These headphones never do anything but sit on my desk.  Im in my 30s, no kids, nothing.  NOBODY has touched these except me and Im as careful as a mother with a new born.
The Hyperx Cloud II headset is very nice quality but has some unappealing characteristics for Xbox one/PS4. For Xbox one, you have to purchase a $25 adapter for you to have volume control or it is very hard to play with other gamers in certain games because either their voice volume is too loud or the game volume drowns them out and makes it impossible to understand them. Then for PS4, the actual sound box only works for a couple of seconds after plugging in which I find very irritating and inconvenient, (in my opinion, $100 headset should not do this.) I didn’t fully do my research before purchasing which in the end is my fault because this is very important information for console players. But my goal here is to provide this information before someone purchases this headset without the proper research and finds themselves in my situation where you’re adding expenses and having to unplug/replug the headset to get the feature of the soundbox.
Ive had the Hyper X Cloud IIs for about 4 months now, and I wish I could write a better review for these. The sound and design of the headphones is good. If youre looking for a solid pair of headphones that are comfortable youd be safe getting these. The sound produced by the headphones is good, Im no audiophile but Ive never had a problem with the quality of sound. After wearing them for multiple hours on end they barely register as even sitting on your head. The issues unfortunately come with the microphone that is attached to the headphones. It had been a constant issue for me ever since Ive bought them. At best the microphone does work and I sound fine coming out the other end. However 3/10 times I start using the microphone I will be inexplicably quiet, forcing me to unplug and plug back in the entire headset a few times. At the worst of times the microphone will cut out permanently, this happens every time I use the headset, and can also only be resolved by unplugging the headset (something that will mess up the sound/VOIP of some games). Because of this issue I can not recommend this headset as it is marketed. If you plan on using an external microphone, or are someone who does not need a microphone, then this is a solid headset at a (slightly) reasonably price. However seeing as how the microphone is one of the main features, the fact that it does not work properly is unacceptable. Result: 2/5 Works fine as just headphones, but the constant issues with the microphone kills usability.
When I first used my HyperX Cloud 2 headphones, they were amazing. Not only do they fit comfortably on my ears, by the sound and the microphone were great. I thought Id finally found the perfect gaming headset. But not for long. After using the microphone consistently for about 2 months, I stopped gaming for a month-long period. I just got back into it again yesterday, and it worked just fine. However, when I woke up this morning--with absolutely nothing changed--the microphone has stopped working completely. I have tried *everything*, and nothing has worked. It isnt an issue with my computer because my other headsets mic works just fine. Another buyer had the exact same issue a few years ago, and I regret that I didnt see their post before I decided to buy these headphones. They mentioned how their microphone randomly stopped working after they didnt use it for a period of time, which also happened to their original pair of HyperX Cloud headphones. This is a manufacturing error and one I am very upset about. I will not be buying any HyperX products again.
I wanted to give 5 stars- mic stopped working in 5 months of use. Received a replace from the company yesterday - will see if it lasts more than 5 months.
Sound is good . But the volume controller does not work on ps4
Causes ear pain within minutes of use and a gradual headache that keeps getting worse after 30 minutes of use. Ears quickly heat up, as well. It does outclass my Sony MDR-7506 headphones in terms of sound quality but Im not willing to be in pain every day, for hours on end, waiting to see if these will break in and the pain will lessen.
I love the mic and the sound quality it gives out and the noise cancelation is nice, but after about 2 months of use it disconnects itself from the controller at times I thought it was my controller so I got a brand new controller but its not the controller its the mic and Ive asked a friend who has the mic and they have the same problem. My guess is just the connection between the mic and the controller isnt the best which is a shame due to how pricey it is you just dont expect something like this to malfunction with how expensive the mic is.
was great until left side stop working !!!!! not even a year yet
Comfortable fit- great colors and lasted for 6 months. In fact it is still in great shape except for the fact that after 1 fall from my standing desk while remaining plugged in- the 3.5mm cord completely yanked out of the headset itself. The weakest link of the headset is the cord so WATCH it because mine detached easily. Tried to claim warranty, but Kingston does not cover physical damage according to the customer service rep. Ironically, I paid the $99 for DURABILITY and that was the first thing to go. Sound quality had a nice deep bass to it and the emulated 7.1 Surround was a boon when watching movies on my desktop PC. The microphone was good quality, but not very attractive looking as it has the fat bulbous shape and doesnt exactly roll out of your face- you have to bend the microphone away from you or detach it entirely.
I bought this piece of garbage a while ago because my brother recommended it and I highly regret listening to him now. The first thing I noticed when I put these things on was that the slightest movement would cause it to cut out, I already hated it. I’m a daily player and so headsets I get are always labeled as durable, this is not. Apart from it falling in a fit of rage I took good care of it. The headset would still cut out, after paying for shipping and waiting for what seemed like years, I got a replacement, it was worse than the first. My smile was taken away the moment I plugged it in, it had cut out not even two seconds into its start. It also had weaker audio quality so competitive games like siege are harder to play. I won’t be buying any of these products again.
I loved these headphones when I first got them, the sound and microphone quality was mediocre but it was very comfortable.  Now, there are problems with my audio jack.  A few months in, Id have friends online tell me my mic was crackling AWFULLY.  This was mange-able at first as it wouldnt always happen.  A couple months later, my mic works rarely and my audio seems to be getting worse.  Very disappointed, I havent even had this headset a year and it seems to be unusable.
I wanted to upgrade from my old headset (logitech g430) so I went ahead and bought this headset. It feels nice overall, just little tight I guess because it was new. The sound quality was pretty good too. Found out that my mic volume is extremely low and it was known issue with this model. Mainly I use my headset for discord to talk with my friends. I returned it and bought another pair of logitech g430......
Super comfortable but my friends always complain Im too quiet.
I received my first headset and the volume for both the headset and mic did not work out of the box. The second one worked for a little over a month (warrantee period) now the mic doesnt work. Not something I want any part of and would not suggest buying
The main reason I bought these was because the reviews RAVED about the fact that if you wear glasses, these do not cause the glasses to dig into your skull. The reviews were wrong. After about an hour, these were digging into my skull just like every other headset Ive ever owned. They claim that they have memory foam but HyperX is clearly confused on the definition of memory foam. Both sets of ear pieces are made of regular foam, not memory foam. Im giving it 3 stars because the sound quality is really good. Im going to try to continue wearing them, and find another way to minimize the pain from the glasses because of how expensive these were.
No good. Needed firmware for the usb plug in to work the with ps4. Okay, I installed the firmware. Mic is incredibly unreliable. The additional usb plug-in is a hassle, but I was stilling willing to work with it. Static, on every noise. Doesnt matter if it is directly plugged into the ps4 or plugged into the ps4 controller. It handles silences in games/movies well, no static. As soon as a sound is about to begin, it begins with static and then transitions into the sound. Pretty unacceptable. My cloud stinger that I purchased 2 years ago is a far better purchase.
I loved this headset when I first bought it. The surround sound was amazing and it is extremely comfortable, and doesnt hurt your ears or head even after a couple hours of gaming. However, this static noise, and a connectivity problem at the base of wire started about a month or so ago and is very frustrating. I have to have the cord a certain way when playing so all sound does not drop out, and it doesnt make a static noise.
Stopped working after 2 months
We can’t get the ear foams on!!  Terrible
Originally I bought this in July, and it broke in February, due to what I believe was poor welding. Customer support was no help, and only offers a warranty of 6 months, which I was not happy with. I do love the headset, its one of the only comfy ones I could find, and the price isnt bad for it either. If you wear it for an extended period of time, you wont regret using these. I did buy a second pair due to mine breaking, so they are good enough to try again... and Im hoping I just got a defective pair. Will edit this if the same issue occurs in the future. Sound quality - 5 stars Comfort - 5 stars Customer Support - 2 Stars Overall - 3 stars
Do not buy this headset. Within four months, the headset broke due to a short near the jack. Im so disappointed because the headset itself was very comfortable. This headset was $100 and I used it only a few dozen times. The quality of the wiring must be extremely poor for it to have shorted after so few uses. Searching through reviews, I am not the only one to have encountered this issue. DO NOT BUY.
USB sound card produces a crackling noise. The cord on the headset is to short to be used without the USB sound card in many setups. Search Google for Hyperx Cloud 2 crackling, and you can find 100s of people having the same issue.
I read so many reviews before I ordered these for my son. There were a lot of positive remarks and good comparisons to some much more expensive sets. I chose these because of that and the price. Unfortunately my son said the sound quality is awful and there is a ton of static like the cords aren’t quite connected securely. Very disappointed.
Sounds okay, nothing crazy good but alright. I figured it was worth the price when I got it because it seemed to be decent material. Credit where due, it fits most of the time, and nothing has broken yet. I dont expect anything to break off but that doesnt mean its not falling apart. In under 10 months the remote started having connection issues. Its a constant problem that requires increasingly frequent tinkering. I have entirely separate equipment for recording audio now, even though I dont really need it because this cuts out constantly. The controller is practical but the clip broke off immediately, and the whole thing just does nothing but create problems now under a year later. The surround sound effect doesnt actually have much impact. Yes its noticable, but Its because it takes the normal sound quality from below expectations to above average. Its the default setting to use because this headset lacks great quality to begin with. It comes with two sets of ear covers, for different sizes I guess but both of them the plastic outside has flaked off. The mic still works fine surprisingly. Assuming the controller hasnt stopped working. Id like to say you get what you pay for, but this isnt a high-end headset. Its pricey for mid-range quality and youll want to replace it in under 12 months. I hate that I bought a headset that I didnt love to start, and despise now. Ill not be cheaping out next time. If youre going to put the work into protecting your headset, then go for something better. If not, get something with durable bracing at a lower price point.
The reason I gave this a 2 is because its sizing is for a 5 year old. This thing crushes your skull and your ears will hurt after only 10 minutes. I cannot play more than 1 match of BF1 or V without having to take them off. Its really a shame because the sound quality, a little mic monitoring built in but no ability to mute the mic and the earphones do not twist. I returned them.
My Cloud II headset is very comfortable for long periods of time and sounds amazing, but the mic stopped working in about June 2018, and I purchased June 2017.  I am not certain what is causing the mic to not work - I have reseated it, and the USB connection numerous times, removed and reinstalled the driver over and over and made sure it wasnt muted on the side.  I assume it was a windows patch but not sure.  I use it for WoW with Twitch/Vent/Teamspeak.
I bought these to replace my broken Razer Man O War headset. The Cloud II caught my eye because they were highly rated and known to be almost indestructible. Once I got the Cloud II i proceeded to plug the 7.1 USB and headset together and did a few tests. The first test consisted of music which it did a pretty decent job, I turned the 7.1 mode on and it just made everything worse. I then tried to play some first person shooter games with 7.1 mode on and off and I couldnt tell where any gunshots or footsteps were coming from. I looked online for helped and they suggested using the motherboard on-board sound. The headsets did sound a little better but I still couldnt tell where footsteps or gunshots were coming from. After playing around with the EQ settings and every little thing, I decided to return this product. TL;DR very good build quality and solid. terrible sound quality, 7.1 mode is a joke. dont buy this for competitive gaming.
The audio quality on 7.1 is very good. Covers my ears well without causing any sort of discomfort. I worry the plasic piece that holds the earphone bar together may fall apart quickly, but so far hasnt shown any signs. My biggest con which caused such a poor star review is the USB microphone quality is AWFUL. Makes you sound like a depressed robot instead of just a standard depressed person. The cause is because the microphone quality is being compressed. So far, the only workaround Ive found was to get an audio splitter and plug both sound and microphone to the back of my PC, which takes away the 7.1 surround feature. Summary: If youre looking for a headset that you just want to listen to a music, play a single-player game, etc. Id highly recommend this. But if you have any intention on using the microphone feature, dont buy this. You sacrifice the 7.1 surround just for good microphone output.
had em for about a year. just up and died. updated drivers, restarted computer, wont recognize sound. AT ALL. input volume is uncontrollable for no reason. submitted a ticket with no response. cut my gaming short. buy something higher quality.
The product sent wasnt exactly what is pictured in add.  The head band has a nice embroided logo on it in the pictures.  The one sent is embossed.  Sound quality was ok at best.  Could get the same sound quality from a $10.00 set of headphones.  Was not a good experience
I thought Id step up my headset game. Ive been using a $30 headset for a while now with no real complaints other than just "feeling" cheap (its made of plastic). It also had a bit of audio bleeding from my headset into the mic, but generally if I had my mic sensitivity set up properly, things were fine. Didnt pick up too much background noise, didnt pick up any breathing. Things were fine. The first time I used this headset, my friends said I sounded quiet. No problem, change some settings and its fine. But I still sound like I have a cold. Every time I let out a breath it was picked up as easily as if I had been talking. No manner of changing settings or moving the mic (which actually has a nicely mobile dongle so I could put it in quite a few orientations) wouldnt pick up even the quietest of exhales while still picking up my voice consistently. I see reviews that say the mic only picks up in one direction, so this shouldnt be an issue. This is not at all my experience. I did a quick test (because who knows - I may just be a fool) but no matter the orientation of the mic, it seemed to pick up sound to the same magnitude. After switching back to the $30 headset, people immediately said I sounded better. No more annoying sounds of breathing. I dont understand how this headset has 4 stars with 5000 reviews. If you dont want to use the mic, it seems fine. The sound quality is definitely better. The headset itself doesnt let out too much sound, so noise-cancelling isnt too far-off a description. But the mic, man. Its so bad compared to other things out there.
Ok I could have swore by hyperx. I have bought not one but 2 of these headphones. Easily the most comfortable I have ever tried. That said both crapped out on me a week after warranty. Pricey buys
Ive had these headphones for close to a year now, and am amazed at how comfortable they are. I took them with me on multiple international flights already, and they are amazing. However, one major issue that appeared a few months in was that the included extension cable stopped working suddenly, and at the same time, audio only began to come out of one ear. Luckily, I was able to fix this by just tugging on the upper part where the volume wheel and cable meet. But it is still an occasionally recurring problem TLDR below: Pros: + Comfortable + Blocks out most of background noise + Able to pinpoint where sounds come from in games + Can get really loud without distortion + Detachable microphone Cons: - Production quality is pretty bad considering the $80 price tag - No detachable cable to headset in case cable is faulty - Included extension cable broke within a few months - If you lower volume all the way down, its still audible. Should include a mute headset switch or something.
I want to love this headset but I just cant. I had 2 pairs within a year and a half and both had the same problem. People hear me in and out within a few months. Cord doesnt last too long.
Its a decent gaming headset, quite nice actually. However, the mic stopped working after only three months. More precisely, the connection between the mic and the ear cap, because the mic itself is working. The customer service did offer a replacement (after a week). But they asked me to ship the defective item back and pay for the shipping cost first before they can send me a replacement. Really?
Comes apart and breaks very easily. Bluetooth issues... overall product isn’t worth the money.
Been using them since november. Ive had issues where the audio is constantly cutting off making any game unplayable. I use them for the xbox one x with a controller headset adapter. Also tried them without the adapter. Not sure if the headset was defective but I wont buy them again.
The headset seems well made and is comfortable but it continually cuts out on phone calls.
Normally I tend to think 1 star reviews are from people being extremely over dramatic, but this headset was a huge waste of money. Purchased Now 19th 2018, I heard great things about this headset but was skeptical because the mic cord does not disconnect from the headset meaning if it went bad over time it meant getting a whole new headset... Well 3 months later and the part that plugs in the controller snapped in half! I take extremely good care of this headset as Ive never spent more than 30$ for one and I wanted it to last me a long time, and over the course of the last month it began to make static noises more and more until this happened. Must be cause by the manufacturer using cheap Chinese crap to increase profits margins. DO NOT BUY
These are a good pair of headphones but unfortunately my audio jack broke so I can no longer use them :( At first it was bent and then everytime i would insert it into the usb cable that comes with it, it would bend more and more and then it broke inside the usb cable insert.
Sound quality is clear and the 7.1 surround thing is basically a gimmick. But the lack of bass made me return.
The microphone often times would not work and now just simply broke. It had to be perfectly in place of the headset for the mic to pick up anything. Would like a refund. Everything else was great.
This don’t even compare to a higher quality headset such as Astro’s. I will admit when I tried them on they felt comfortable but after a while your ears can start to sweat, also while playing FPS games such as call of duty you can not hear any footsteps, also the “7.1 surround sound” does NOT work I tried by turning off the PS4 and turning the PS4 back on and clicking the 7.1 button and it lit up but I heard no difference in sound when connected directly to the controller. Glad I’m returning these tin cans , to invest into a actually headset Such as the Astro a40’s! I have the headset a 2 star for at least having nice packaging and it being a somewhat comfortable headset.
I am very disappointed in this headset. I got this today!!! hadnt even used it. When I did use it I could talk and everything, but when I did my friends said everytime I moved the smallest amount it would make a static noise. It got to the point to where I would talk and they couldnt hear me.
I just got the headphones today and nothing on the remote works. Volume for both headphones and mic and the 7.1 surround sound. None of them work. They still have good sound. The remote is the only problem. Update: I had the headphones connected directly to the PS4 and they all the sudden started having lots of static and then just cut out completely. I am now using just the headphone jack on the controller. Do not get these headphones.
I both have a friend who have had a pair and Ive had two pair of these now. All three times weve had one side of the headset stop producing sound within 12 months of owning. On the bright side, these perform really well while they are working.
I bought these at Best Buy and returned them the next day. This was my first legit gaming headset aside from some cheap o razed one I had for years. Opening up the box was great and the feeling of the headphones was awesome. I’m using them on pc and they worked right away when I plugged them in. Turned on some CS:GO and it sounded tinny with no depth whatsoever. Tried to listen to music right after and it sounded so bland. I looked on forums after and found some suggested EQ setting which made them sound okay for music but when in games the sound was distorted instantly. I feel sound Is the most important job for a headphone and these just don’t provide for the price. I understand all the hype on the build quality but sound was a huge let down for me.
Bought these in February and they are now not working. Mic broke no one can hear me but I can hear them.
Poor quality
I bought this headset to replace my gaming headset that I bought for $40 10 years ago. My purchase points were mid-range, good build quality, and decent sound. This headset was reviewed well across multiple sites, praising mainly its comfort and price point, so I decided to pick them up thinking that they would be an upgrade. When I received them, I immediately noticed that they were extremely comfortable, and that the build quality seemed great. Unfortunately, those are the only positives that I found. The sound is very tinny, worse than my old set. I was able to mostly correct this with 3rd party equalizer software. They are also loud; I had to put my volume in Windows at 10 to listen normally. Again, I mostly corrected this with the equalizer software. The next negative point I noticed was a constant buzzing in my ear. I tried multiple USB ports on my computer and tried installing old versions of the HyperX driver (as recommended by HyperX support), but none of this made a difference leading me to think that it originates from bleed from the USB "sound card" which you are required to use. I was not able to correct this, and this point on its own would make the headset unusable for me. Next, my friends told me that the mic is extremely quiet. The built in USB dongle was not able to boost the volume to the point that they could hear me. I had read some reviews beforehand that mentioned this so I was ready for it. 3rd party equalizer software to the rescue again! However, once the volume was boosted and they could actually hear me, they told me I sounded worse than on my old set! It is true that these headphones released in 2015, but they should not cost what they do for what you get. I just dont understand how a modern product at this midrange price-point can be beaten by a low price-point product that is a decade old, and have problems that have to either be solved by 3rd party configuration software or cant be solved at all. There are drivers for this thing...is it not patchable? If I ever wanted to take these headphones somewhere to be used on different hardware then I would have to do a lot of extra configuration just to get them to a semi-working state, and I cant justify $100 for that. I will be returning this headset.
Audio is condensed together due to U.S.B connection headphone type and the audio is all muffled and distorted you can get a Sades headset and get better quality, also keep in mind "7.1 surround sound is a lie", stereo is the best way to go unless you dont care about audio quality and just want to hear the game. (no I did not get a bad pair and no its not my computer)
When I first bought this headset exactly a year ago today (Snapchat memories brought it up lol) I was excited to use it, so i came home and hopped on season 3 fortnite. It was great. Buttttttt, and after 6 months of use, and it occasionally falling on the ground and what not, the sound started to fade, and after a couple more months the frame started having issues. Im on Amazon right now looking for new headsets because this one is BROKEN right now. The right ear cup doesnt play sound, and the frame is broken so I cant adjust the size. So if youre looking for a GREAT 100 DOLLAR HEADSET I WOULDNT SUGGEST THIS ONE. I am personally going to look for something without wires to avoid the eminent wear and tear of your everyday use.
This product is terrible! Only had less then three months. Headset broke already unable to return it. Through away$ 104.00. Do not buy this .
They were great for two months and then got staticky and eventually quit working
The sound quality is good. Setup was very easy; plug and play. They are pretty comfortable on my ears, but they do feel pinched after an hour. I think its a great idea to have the 3.5mm plug and have that go into the sound card, which from there goes to the PC via USB. The reason I like is because now I can use the headset on other mediums, like my TV with my Nintendo Switch. Only problem is the cord is about 2.5 or 3 feet long, wich means Im basically sitting 12-18 inches from my TV. I cant even lean back because if I do the headset gets pulled off. I find this very irritating because the sound card has twice the length of cord or more which is not needed. That cord length could have been added to the headset cord, thus the two star deduction (since I had to buy an extender for the headset so I could sit a comfortable distance from my TV).
its a good headset for gamer, it booster footstep so that you can hear it. but not for music. low rating for the delivery, the same guy delivered it to next street same room number. you just look at the number and never verify the street name before you hand it to a resident? and it happened 3 times! My neighbor said its the same guy. I really dont want to bother my neighbor to look for my package again and again.
As a PC gamer that has experienced Dolby 7.1 audio in a headset that outputs precise spatial ambiance, I am disappointed. The HyperX Cloud II is an amazing head set! It’s made of quality materials, excellent stereo (2 channel) audio and bass (better than my old headset). The mic doesn’t sound quite right (like my nose is stomped up) but that’s not a deal breaker. I failed to realize that the HyperX Cloud II was designed to process stereo audio only and artificially simulate 7.1 from it. Essentially, it’s like adding sugar to wax fruit and calling it the real thing. I love my old headset (Plantronics 780) but unfortunately it is being held together by superglue and there are no official drivers for windows 10.
The mic started having problem after of couple of month, and it  stopped working completely not long later. Not recommended
Microphone broke shortly after purchasing.  This is not a good buy at all.
Worked great for a short period of time. One side stopped working just after return/product support period ended.
These are just bout meant for ps4. The controls are useless, the sound doesnt get very loud, even by plugging them into the ps4 itself and in the controller. These are strictly made for pc. Im returning them.
I really wanted to like this headphones because they are very comfortable and seem to be of good quality. Unfortunately, I should have listened to the bad reviews. Just spend a bit more and get the astro a40s with the mix amp pro. These cloud 2s will break or something WILL go wrong with them. I feel like it is not entirely their fault as optimizing a headset for ps4 is hard enough already. But unfortunately the bottom line is that they will fail on you, mine only lasted 14 days.
great game  headphone
Clear sound and great noise-cancellation. The volume controls work sporadically.
Very disappointed.  The other reviews hyped these up so much.  The packaging was very high quality and the headset was very sturdy. When I plugged them in and fired up Spotify, I immediately was taken back by how bad they sounded, with or without the 7.1 button on.  I plugged them straight into the computer with the 3.5 jack.  They still sounded poor. Worse than  my 12 year old Turtle Beach x12s. Getting on Discord, my friends could barley hear me.  I tried boosting the mic gain via windows sound with no avail.  It would not let me move the sliders.  I looked up the issue and ended up flashing an older firmware on them to be able to use the gain. After playing Horizon 4 for about 5 minutes, I decided to try to mess with the EQ to get a more full sound, as it was tinny and small sounding.  I installed Equalizer APO and was able to get them to sound almost as good as my old, worn out, mediocre x12s. For $100, I expected a bit nicer sound quality.  These sound almost as good as some $9.99 skull candies you buy from an FYE store.  I cant bring myself to rate these at more than one star, even though the build quality is fantastic. I will be dropping these off for a refund at the nearest UPS store shortly. Pros: Very Comfortable.  I loved having these on my head. Build Quality.  Very solid feeling headset. Cons: Very poor sound quality, especially with the included "7.1 Surround" dongle. Poor mic quality. Needed firmware update out of the box to be able to adjust gain on the microphone. No sidetone (not many headsets have it these days, but when you have a closed back, it makes it really nice)
Voice is intermittent because internal wiring is broken. I bought $21 headsets and i never had any issues with them with voice(but they are hard for ears). These headsets are very comfortable but its internal wiring after 6 months is breaking up and i need to adjust the jack to fix it up.
The sound quality is poor and the microphone stopped working after a week of light use.
i used this "headset" and it broke in half on the first time i put it on and the box came all beat up and amazon wont let me get a refund DO NOT BUY!!!
No surround sound or mic control for Xbox or PS. You are only getting simulated stereo surround sound because the usb doesnt work on console, only on PCs. What sucks is that you need an adapter if you want to control chat/game volume which will set you back another $40. Not worth the money unless youre on PC.
You spend this much on a headset youd expect a half decent mic but my old $30 PX21s had a mic a million times better than this. Granted, these are comfy as hell but the sound and mic are sub par for the price range. I would not recommend this headset to anyone. You honestly sound like youre talking through a tin can.  The sound is like I said, okay, but there is much to be desired. I would have bought more PX21s if I could. TLDR: I STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINST BUYING THESE.
It’s  a great looking headset, but we were barely able to get six months out of it before the microphone stopped working. The item still looks new but it’s now useless, and to my disappointment I have been trying to contact the company for a week and I’m not able to reach anyone or get a return call or message. I wanted to see if there was any warranty on the item but I guess I’ll never know. Looks like this will not be our go-to brand for future purchases.
Avoid at all costs. The headphones themselves are very well made and quite sturdy (the cans), and they sound great.  Ive heard better voice quality during my streams from other cheaper headsets, but this is not to say the microphone has poor quality.  Its certainly above average. Where this headset fails is a tiny little box where the headset quarter inch plugs into the USB adapter.  This piece is made of nothing more than $0.04 cents worth of plastic.  As good as the headset is, if you crush or drop the small, plastic piece that goes with the cans, youre entire product becomes unusable as a speaker/microphone.  The quarter inch interface is extremely easily damaged and eventually, even without major damage, loses contact and must be resoldered to continue working. Just goes to show you how a single, tiny oversight in manufacturing somewhere in the chain from user to computer can ruin a very nice piece of equipment.
I actually purchased two of these in a row, both sets broke the exact same way within 6 months to a year of owning them. The wires going into the headsets bend and break (right at the rubber reinforcement bit). The headset sound is fantastic though and so is the comfort (after they loosen up a bit, pretty tight for a few days but great after that). I saw these on sale today for only $70 and was debating on buying a third pair but I already lost $200 over them. Think its time I learn my lesson. If you are VERY careful with them and dont let the wire repeatedly bend to much by the reinforcement, they will probably last longer but I still wouldnt expect multiple years out of them. I wasnt abusive with them either, just super thin/weak wire; that being said, it was only repeated bending/fatigue that seemed to be the issue, on quite a few occasions I ran the cord over with my chair and it never damaged it at all. Also my microphone was broken out of the box on the first set.
I’m actually really disappointed in this purchase.it says compatible with ps4 but the mix amp won’t work on my ps4. The sound is really bad when plugged directly into the controller. There is no bass whatsoever even tho it’s supposed to have bass. i feel like this headset is falsely advertised. I heard there is a way to update firmware to make it compatible with ps4 but you need a pc with windows 10 windows 8 or windows7. The thing is I don’t have a pc to update the firmware. You guys should’ve put that in the product description.
Bought it in April and its dead already. I cannot recommend this product.
This is a piece of garbage. It didn’t even last 5 months.
In the beginning these headphones were the best, everything was good about them. This can be avoided but its still a major oversight and problem that ruined the headphones.  The headphone jack broke. It looks fine but the quality of the sound is almost impossible to here and there was no point in wearing them. Im never going to get another one of hyperXes headphones again. But there were one of the best when they worked properly. Sadly their not even a year old.
They just suddenly died on me, and the warranty is only 6 months. Time to switch to another brand!!
USB cord is faulty and won’t even work on my PlayStation. I’ve been using HyperX for a while now and it seems like they are getting cheaper on pieces/parts
I am so pissed.  These were on sale but I missed it, so I eventually caved and paid the full price.  The mic on this piece of crap stopped working after a few hours of use!  I use it through the USB attachment, and it will no longer work.  I tried this headset through the audio jack on my phone, and the mic will still not work.  Ill probably have to find a replacement mic for this and pray that it works.  So disappointed in the quality of this product.  Cant return it since I threw away the box.  Wont do that again!
The only thing I liked about this headset is the durability from the aluminum frame and the way the cups are attached to it. I’m sure they perform better on a PC. Unfortunately, I have a PS4. The sound was terrible. Bad quality and the volume was way too low. They are unuseable when connecting to the controller. The USB adapter with a downgraded firnware made the sound a lot louder, but I was stuck having a cord going across my room. The sound quality was still bad. It was missing sounds in games, such as gunfire behind me. The mic is also awful; it picks up everything. I returned and paid $20 more for the wireless Steelseries Arctis 7. Superior by far.
They sound great, they cancel out noise well, the mic is superb. BUT BE WARNED, they are tight, the speaker pads are small, and you will get discomfort after a few hours of steady wear.
Headset is very quiet and microphone died after about 6 months
Recently having major crackling noises and cant determine the cause. Started cutting out all together while playing a game and coming back a minute later, then out again while never moving. No wear signs anywhere, all physical connections are solid.
This headset worked as great as advertised for about 9 months and since then the mic has almost completely failed. My friends complain of screeching loud noises from it. I can hear fine but thats about it. Pretty frustrating because I do enjoy the mic but it seems as though a wire has already started to fail. Buying a $90 product to not even last a year is disappointing.
Overall, the product is fantastic if you’re comfortable only getting 2 1/2 years of life out of it. Build quality is solid, sound is great, and never had anyone complain about the quality of my microphone. After about 2 1/2 years the left speaker started to cut out intermittently. I checked all the connections, changed the USB port, reinstalled drivers and I still have the same issue. I messaged HyperX customer support and let them know of the problem and was told there’s nothing they could do since it’s out of warranty. I completely accept HyperX’s response but want to warn any buyer that you may only get a couple years out of this product. Those years will be great, sound awesome, but you’ll be very disappointed when you ask HyperX to replace a product that fails far too soon.
1 year. no sounds for no reason
Absolute garbage, breaks after 3 months
lasted me 3 months. I will never buy a kingston product again, Just my expierence. shorted out from the cheapo wire. My reccomendation , just buy a product with a replaceable wire if you want something durable.
Using for PC. Comparing to the Corsair Voids, these are a little sketchy. When ever audio is played there is a really small amount of static for about a second and a half after the audio stops playing. Just changing the windows volume to 15 is extremely loud and creates some distortion and a buzz. Feels very comfy and comes with two kinds of ear pads. Cord pretty good in size. Love having removable mic because I use a separate condenser mic anyways. The little control DAC is really silly.  Kinda bright so at night just a little annoying but not that hard it cover up. The volume up and down is hard to press and I really prefer the little volume wheel on the Voids. The little wheel is also way better for smaller changes in volume. These change the volume by 2 in the windows setting and once you get past 20 your probably going deaf based off of just clicking the windows volume to test audio so Not a lot of room to fine tune audio levels on the fly. Sound is meh. Mostly mids. Surround 7.1 just sounds way better on Voids dont know why. These have really thick closed ear speakers sound nice to cancel the hum of PC when gaming gets intense. Voids pretty much cancelled 0 outside noise. Overall if they were same price I would get the Void Pros with RGB. Even at that the voids are cheaper so get them. Update. So apparently after reading forums Im not crazy in saying that the USB adapter causes low level buzzing. Basically a regular headset with out it so not a goo product.
Headset stopped working after only 5 months. It seems as though theres a short or loose connection in the plug.
This product didnt last six months
The built in sound card does not play well with windows 10 and I found myself fighting with my sound settings constantly. Then after 4 months my mic stopped picking up sound entirely directly in the middle of a chat and has not worked sense. The sound quality and comfort of the headset is pretty nice... so I guess if you want to spend a lot on just the headphones go for it? But I would not recommend this product.
I got tgos product to use as a gaming headset and mic for online games on PC. It works occasionally but about once a week the microphone stops working. The trouble shooting website says to update drivers, which they do not have for this device. Only firmware which hasnot been updated since I got the. I have to uninstall all audio drivers on the PC and attempt to reinstall. After doing this once or twice weekly for the last 3 months I am ready to go back to my old headset. Customer service wont speak to you or respond to inquiries. Very disappointed
Great headset. It sounds great and feels great and it’s at a pretty good price. It’s a great option for a gaming headset. Until about a month later when the crackling and distortion the headset developed made me exchange it for a new pair at Best Buy. A month and a half later and I had the same problem. I bought 3 of these models and they all had the same problem after a couple months. It’s a great headset which is why it’s unfortunate that it has this problem.
I never write reviews. This headset is awful. If you move 1cm, the headset loses contact and takes 20-30 seconds to be recognized after plugging it back in. Suffered with this awful headset for far too long. No longer must I suffer. I fought the headset and won.
These headphones were THE BEST... for the three months they lasted. Despite all the rave reviews, the price, and the laughable “warranty,” the jack simply broke off after three months of regular use. Called the company and was told that basically, by taking the headphones out of the box and actually using them, I had voided the error. Makes sense, right? Wearing them on your head and speaking into the microphone is explicitly against the user guidelines an sn apparently makes the entire issue “user-error.” All in all, if you have enough disposable income to buy 4 sets of these per year, then go crazy. The comfort and sound quality really were top-notch, for all of one season.
For gaming theyre decent in being able to pinpoint enemies in FPS games. They dont feel very comfortable, and the music quality pales in comparison to my other headphones (which to be fair are nearly triple the price). More damning is that my $8 earphones arent much worse in terms of music quality, and the 7.1 feels like more of a detriment to gaming than anything. My ears start hurting after 30 minutes of use.
when the headset arrived i had to buy an adapter bc the one packaged with it didnt fit and after i reviewed the product online others said the same
When i first got mine it was working perfectly, but then i realized mic was too low. Then i was only i was only able to hear from one ear. In the end the mic was ungodly loud making random static sounds, and i could barely hear anything upon only left ear working
I bought these to replace me old Turtle Beach PX22.  I like feel of them and the material.  Theyre comfortable and the mic is alright.  They take a bit to actually setup properly of youre computer doesnt show the microphone right off the bat.  Some apps like discord will also have issues setting up the mic.  My main complaint though, is they do not have separate chat and game volume, only game volume and microphone volume.  For me that was the deal breaker as I need the ability to change game and chat audio on the fly.
Purchased these headphones on sept 17 2018, mic is dead on november 6th....really? I use them at night for about an hour or two after work so they do not get much use. Really shocked as everything has worked perfectly until tonight. Hope this warranty is good through the manufacturer or Amazon. Will update review after contacting both the manufacturer and Amazon.
Update:  less than a week and the micro phone stopped working. Ughhhhh!!!! So far so good. These have been amazing. But like with the last three heads phones (different brands) I bought they all stopped working.  But these are truly the best I have bought the sound and comfort are unmatched!
Great sound quality, both incoming and outgoing.  Have had this headset for almost a year and used the mic once about 6 months ago.  Tried to use it today and it is dead.  What a disappointment.  For such a pricey item, I expect more than what I got.  A waste of money.
Bought this gaming headset for my son for Christmas and the audio jack broke within two weeks. Boxed it back up and attempted to return to Amazon but there was only “product support”.  After a couple of months I finally decided to contact them because supposedly they have a two year warranty. I was told that the audio jack is not under the warranty and it is tester for tensile strength. I can bend the jack with my bare fingers with with very little force.  Thought I was buying my son a good product, and now I’ll be sure to never buy from this manufacture again, especially for what I paid.
I didnt get the remote that it should have came with.
Everything about these headsets are great, which makes it so sad to learn after an entire year it still has an issue with the mic not being picked up or your voice output being annoyingly low. So far Ive read many reddit posts of people, not fulling plugging them in all the way and that was not the case for me. Ive changed settings, worked with different balances, and came up short every time. On top of everything I played CSGO for the first time in a while and that seemed to break them even more cause now all you hear is static... Super mad about this because everything else is great but you CAN NOT USE MIC on the headset, which was half the reason you get a gaming headset for. Would give it zero stars if I could.
I really dont get why this has so many 5 star reviews, but I suspect a lot of them are fake.  These sound just awful, like you are standing inside a cave, you would be better off with Chinese junk.  Going back to Corsair.
Misleading marketing. 7.1 does not work on Xbox one.
I like the headset in terms of comfort and quality, but the thing has one huge problem: the wire gets tangled unbelievably bad for no reason.  Its depressing.
There is a prploblem in mice alot of noice when u use the dongle  , after search i found this issu is a commen issue in this headset
This is a very comfortable headset; I love the two sets of earpads it comes with. However I have to give these a low rating because the USB adapter died on me pretty quickly. The wires seem to have come loose in the adapter because I can get it to register when I bend and hold the cable in a certain direction. Unfortunately, not being able to use the surround sound feature and only being able to plug in the 3.5mm cord is a huge negative for me.
Not surround sound at all. Purchased for Xbox one. Still, sound decent for being stereo.
Do not buy this product after just 5 months this product is cutting out in the right ear and the mic is completely broke, If you are on the edge of buying this product do not it won’t last 5 months of use.
My parents ordered these for my son for a late Christmas present, and they lasted less than two weeks. The audio cuts out all the time and the mic stopped working. I AM HOPING THAT SOMEONE FROM CUSTOMER SERVICE READS THIS. I will update, for sure, so future customers can know how they stand behind their products. We got home on Jan 4, and he played an hour or two a day for exactly 2 weeks. On Jan 18 they were broken. They had not been sat on or abused, and in fact had to be put up every day since the XBox is in our living room. So, no abuse of the product, but they are dead. I am assuming we just got a bad set, since the reviews are good. At least I hope that is the case. I am reaching out to them today. I will update soon!
As much as I love this headset, I cant wear them very long. They are too heavy to wear all day if you are planning on using these for phone conferences or client meetings. They are the best quality headsets I have ever owned, just uncomfortable for me. My son loves them.
I will start off by saying the sound card and speakers are great with this headset and I enjoyed using it when it worked. It sat comfortably on my head and was easy to adjust if you grew your hair out, etc. The braided cord itself to the device kept the cords safe it had enough length to keep it hidden but still give you room to turn your head, etc. That said the ear cushions will start to flake early in its life covering your ear with tiny black specs. So you will need to order more in order to go back to normal. The microphone recording was of decent quality but the wiring is extremely poorly done. Just from general use the microphone starts to have problems within 4 or so months. It will result in massive feedback hurting the ears of those you are talking with or causing cross talk on the headset themselves. This is an extremely big pet peeve of mine as you purchase a wired headset of this price for quality all around. Not just on a few of the parts within the headset such as the frame. You purchase it to act as a headset not just a pair of speakers. So you will be forced to order replacement parts off their website that are not cheap. Since the mic slides into a little groove slot on the side before fitting into the jack itself. So if all you want is a pair of speakers and you do not mind replacing the ear cushions early in its life you will be okay. If you want it is a gaming headset for Discord, Ventrillo or Teamspeak to stay in contact for raids, guilds, etc. Do not buy this product as it will not last and your friends will hate you for the massive blow of static from the extremely cheap wiring in the mic itself.
Had this set for one month, and it broke. Disappointed, and out $100 
I really did enjoy these headphones. I took really good care of them as I really don’t have the money to be spending on gaming headphones, but decided to go in for these. I bought them in June and out of nowhere, about a month ago, the microphone stopped working. I was disappointed, but could live with it, as long as the audio worked. Now, about a week ago, the headphones themseleves just stopped working. I play on the Xbox One and plug it into the headphone jack, I have to fiddle with the wire there in order to maybe get a little bit of sound before it inevitably turns off again, followed by another 15 minutes of me trying to position the wire correctly. Not really sure what to do at this point, but please be aware of the durability of the headphones.
Very disappointed... Wires shorted after only 6 months
The microphone is already out and my sons only has it since Christmas. I paid $100 bucks! Very disappointed
I bought this headset to primarily use for my PS4 and eventually for PC that I haven’t purchased yet. I can’t speak on any other console but for the PS4 primarily, this is a real poor headset for sound quality. It gets loud but the directional hearing is as bad as I’ve ever had with a headset. Really disappointed in my purchase. Overall the headset is put together really well physically. It’s comfortable but that doesn’t matter if you can hear someone on fortnite 5 meters away.
I’m using this headset for my ps4 and when I use the “premium” usb sound card it doesn’t even work. I’ve had this headset for only 6 days and it’s making a static noise.
I searched for the best headset, and this one failed! I had noticed intermittent audio disturbances and went through troubleshooting on my end. It ends up it is the headset.  Cuts out when you are talking on the microphone, not to mention it HAS NEVER had a great microphone since I purchased it! It is so low that no one can hear me! All my audio in my videos Ive done has the breaking up, and going out the audio!  I had to run my sound through another program, then attach it to my project, to get it loud enough to hear! ALSO! Dont fall for the Asurion plan! They do not respond and have NO WAY for you to contact them! Their site shows a chat button which is NOT FUNCTIONAL! Also, Ive been attempting to get into with the manufacturer, and they too have yet to respond.
Sound quality is decent but the mic barely works and is complete garbage. Dont recommend this at all.
So I purchased these because my 7 year old gaming headsets started having issues with some of the wires (no longer sold the parts I needed). But imediately after buying these, I realized that they do NOT have and option to turn off the microphone. You have to literally un-plug the mic from the headsets every time you wish to mute your own voice for whatever reason (dogs, people talking in the background, etc). For this product costing as much as it does, you would EXPECT there to be a simple on/off switch. Because after all, even the free plastic headsets that come with any console have them. VERY dissapointed. But as an aspiring Mix Engineer and Music Producer, sound quality is VERY important to me and I choose this headset because Ive fallen in love with surround sound gaming. The quality of sound is far from my previous pair. The speakers sound cheap and the high frequencies are super bright and the speakers sound "like paper" to try not to use any nerdy jargon. If I had not waited so long to return these, I would have in a heart beat. I still use my old pair as much as I can, and only use these on "the bad days" if my main pair is having too many issues. My honest opinion, not worth the price AT ALL!! Also, the chord is only about 3 ft long. For some, that may be plenty, but in my opinion thats a "bare minimum" attitude thats goes hand-in-hand with the lack of an on/off switch for the mic. I feel for the trap, and Ive learned from my mistake. I just hope others can learn from my mistake too.
I bought this for my 12 year old son for Christmas.  Now it is February and the microphone is dead & we didnt buy the warranty.  I dont know if the 2.00 warranty would have covered this anyways.  Disappointed in this product.
Read many positive reviews for these headphones so when my Astro A50s died I decided to give them a try. Build quality, comfort and mic were all OK, but the sound, especially the volume, were lacking. Now maybe its unfair because the A50s sounded fantastic, but I just couldnt get over how low the volume was. It just wasnt loud enough for me. So I sent them back and got the Arctic SteelSeries 5, which were much better.
Great headset.. Bought it in Nov... Love the sound and the feel... BUT!  The Mic volume doesnt work? Cant change it from up to down and it is two low??  Went online with Kingston and they are sending me a new Mic?? If it fixes it I will upgrade to a 5 STAR... Did some reading and most people say it is the Dongle.. I didnt build the dern thing so I dont know..  Hope it fixes it.. I will post an update when the new Mic arrives!
Sad that expensive game headsets stop working so easy and not even 3 months old. Been plugged into the same PC since bought. Believe it is the microphone jack on the side of the headset. bad design gives it another place for it to lose connection. do not recommend buying unless they want to start replacing mine with a new headset, as it doesnt even work anymore.
The headphones themselves are good. I thought the USB 7.1 Surround was going to be good. I compared the audio through the USB dongle and through the headphone jack. The audio with the USB has no noticeable improvements to sound and has increased background noise. The virtual surround sound and other features provided by the dongle are not enough to warrant the extra $20-$30 the Cloud II costs.
All plates received broken in multiple pieces.
This is the only review I have ever written in my life. This product is garbage. Absolute trash, I bought it once and the sound was wonderful it worked exactly as advertised and then suddenly stopped working. Assuming I just got a bad heatset I boight another only to have after only 12 hours the exact same thing to happen. I will be returning this item again and never will I shop this brand again.
The headset itself is awesome, just dont bother with the included dac..it almost handicaps the sound quality.  Youre better off investing in a 3.5mm headphone jack extender rather than dealing with the lack of bass and echo of the dac.
Works great for about a year. Ive had mine for just over a year and Im already having mic issues. Currently looking up how to fix the issue. Will say the sound quality is very good for gaming.
The headset is awesome and worth the buck. Noise cancellation: On point. Surround sound: On point “Accuracy” (e.g. The audio playing correctly if a sound is coming from the left, right, in front, or behind you) : On point. It’s a really good gaming headset.  Coming from someone who used to *regularly* shell out $300 for Astros. ***HOWEVER*** I only have two drawbacks: 1) It’s NOT AT ALL advertised that the “controller” (the mute, volume, etc. buttons) aren’t on the actual cord of the headset.  The controller *ONLY* works if it’s plugged into a USB port.  In other words, if you are on XBOX, you CANNOT use the controller because the Xbox controllers do not have a USB port (this is REGARDLESS of you having the latest controller with 3.5 mm jack or the classic version).  You will NOT be able to control volume, muting, etc by your fingertips alone: So, you’ll be screwed out of that unless you will be concurrently using it for PC. *The only work-around is to use that “stereo headset adapter” Xbox has where you can plug in from the bottom (into your controller, and plug the mic into the adapter).  It has volume and mute buttons on it.  I think it’s about 20 dollars. Or, you’ll have to just set up your sound manually under the “Settings” tab on your Xbox.  Which is annoying.  I just ended up using an old headset adapter I had laying around. 2) This is a minor one which *SHOULDNT* stop you from purchase.  It’s only for picky people:  There is *NO* ability to control *sidetone.” What is “sidetone?”  It’s the ability to control how much of yourself (your voice) you hear through the feedback on your microphone.  Some don’t want to hear anything at all.  Some want to hear some amount of sound.  There *is* a way to make these modifications on PC (look at YouTube for explanations), but you’re “assed-out” on console.  Just like with the controller on the mic.
Mic is a bit low and cant really adjust it all to well.
Whoever said this headset is audiophile sound quality obviously has no clue what theyre hearing because this sound quality sucks sooooo bad lol i returned them in a week because i could not stand how crap the sound was, i have a 30 dollar pair of over ear headphones that have insanely better sound then this headset. The only reason i didnt rate them 1 star was because theyre extremely comfortable so if you dont care much for sound quality, these are great!! Seems pretty durable but didnt own it long enough to tell. If you want better sound id go for either turtle beach or get bluetooth headphones with an inline mic.
So i have had the headset for about 2 months and it was a great headset but after the 2 months the mic made a really bad mmmmmmm noise and my friend told me about it and he helped look stuff up and he said is a common issue and after like 15 mins of look on websites and such i touched my pc case and he told me it stoped and i let go and it started again so I touched my case again and stopped so we touht it might be the pc and turns out its the headset but the weirdest part is the mmmmm noise gets really loud when its close to lights ive had this headset before but the cable broke so i got another one hopping it would last longer than a few weeks witch it did but for the $106 (with tax) I payed for it should last longer than 2 months
The mic quality is poor but the surround sound is good is it worth $98? Im not sure.
Bought my boyfriend this headset for Christmas. After only a month and a half, one side stopped working and the jack seems to be inconsistent. Do not buy.
Headset doesnt function anymore due to some issue with the amp. Conveniently the day after support for the product expires. What? Unusable headset.
Not worth it, keep looking for something better
Ive been using this headset quite often and treat it very well. Its in great condition, but the USB adapter randomly stopped working completely. This is rediculous.
I bought this headset a year ago and I right now this is my THIRD hyperx headset replacement. For couple of months I loved it especially the noise cancelling soon to have mic problems and my friends couldnt hear me that well.Oh and you have to pay for shipping which is basically $30 if you live in the East coast. I gave hyperx 2 chances and even bought a mic replacement. I spent over $200 over an on sale $80 headset. Not worth. The service was great but tbh the mic quality and headset is trash. Time to move onto Logitech or Corsair.
The product does not work for Ps4 the way that it is advertised. It just arrived today. I couldnt wait to use it because of all of the hype that it described in the product review. The product came brand spanking new and even had the new device smell that all technology has. But, there was one major... and I mean MAJOR problem. You cant adjust the volume of the headset because the usb device only works with the PC. And guess how I found out..... YOUTUBE and GOOGLE. If they put this into the description it would save a lot of people time and money. Why advertise the headset for consoles if you cant even adjust the audio of the headset to make it loud enough to hear enemy movements??? I would give this product half a star if I could. I took the time to do the research and everything to see if it was just me but it was not. Google this issue and you will find that there isnt a fix for issue. Buy a stereo headset specifically for consoles like I will do once I get my refund. PLEASE TAKE HEAD TO THIS WARNING IF YOU ARE A CONSOLE GAMER SO THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO EXPERIENCE THE FRUSTRATION THAT I JUST EXPERIENCED! I was so looking forward to some Call of Duty tonight. Now I have to use my broken headset for audio. And the sad part about it is that its the old ps3 wireless headset. And it works better than this trash.
Audio quality in the headset is fine, but major issues with mic volume. Firmware update did not fix. For $100 buy something else.
They are great quality and awesome 7.1 surround sound but there is this constant crackling noise, I believe its from the usb driver and it doesnt go away if you unplug and then plug it back in. all in all awesome quality and 7.1 surround sound, comfortable and nice. But the crackling makes these a purchase you might regret.
I have had terrible mic quality on multiple applications. The audio is fine, but if you intend to use the mic, I would look elsewhere. There are no options to disable headset settings, so when an application and the headset are both trying to do noise cancellation, they seem to ruin each other. I have had complaints of my volume going in and out and that it sounds like Im outside. There seem to be many people reporting the same issue when I search it, but no solutions yet.
Really comfortable and noise canceling, but 3.5mm connection broke down after 2 years just outside warranty, for the price, Id expect better.
This headset was great for 8 months. Great noise cancellation, good sound and surround sound and bass. However, after 8 months went by, the microphone no longer worked in the middle control section. The cord also tightens and bends in a knot by the cloth coating around the wire. Buy a different one in the future for this price. Cheers
Sound quality is great, but its pretty heavy. Had to return it because I couldnt deal with the weight.
We purchase this headset on April 27 of this year. We notice that the mike was having intermittent problems. At this point it is unaceptable and wish to exchange for a new unit. We did our purchase on Amazon and have no idea how to get it exchange. Please help us, at this point we are lost. We did find out that it comes with a 2 year manufactures warrenty. But we have no other information. Please contact  karebear1967@msn.com
My main headphones were a Sennheiser HD 598 but they lack the USB and Microphone needed for gaming.  I like to listen to music while I play competitive gaming.  This is my impression of using these headphones under those conditions. Pros About What I like: 1.  Amazing thoughtful packaging 2.  Good sturdy build quality 3.  Extremely useful audio control hardware adapter (this rocks!) 4.  Working almost seamlessly with a PC Cons 1.  7.1 Sound is tinny and prioritizes sound in its own way not able to blend game sounds with music with voice over conversations 2.  If your PC is on your right side the chord comes out of the left ear and goes across your body Either Ill end up returning these or Ill just plug my Sennheisers into the HyperX adapter and game without the microphone.
Idk if i got a defective product but this headset keeps messing up in some way and Ive had it less than 2 weeks. I take very good care of my headsets but heres what I have a problem with. It sometimes turns off (while still being connedted) It muted itself, so I end up having to unplug and plug back in. The volume controls dont work properly or at all. I sometimes had to turn off my ps4 completely and back on just so It would work again. It made a very loud static noise that scared the poop out of me. Had to unplug and plug back in again.other than that the sound is good but there so many problems. Will have to return this very soon
Microphone loses contact requiring to be pressed in constantly. While using the inline USB dongle, you can not make gain adjustments in Windows. This made the microphone completely unusable for me, as the inline dongle gain was not enough to raise the mic to an audible level. If you dont use the USB dongle, you lose ~2 of cable length and you lose the faux-7.1 surround feature (which, for the record, is awful anyways). The monitors themselves have disappointing sound with a bias towards higher frequencies, a lot of missing mid-range, and a lot of distortion.
No frills, so I’ll give the review the same way. Great fit, great comfort for the price. The sound was incredible. Now for the cons...these are NOT designed for consoles no matter what other reviewers say. The volume controls do not work for a PS4, only the mute, and you have to constantly go into the console device settings to tweak them because each gamers headsets pick it up differently. You have to adjust the mic settings every time you use them, not a big deal but still a pain. All in all a good value for what you pay but compared to video reviews I watched, I didn’t get nearly the same performance but they obviously used them on a pc, not a console
Piece of dog s@#t it started crackling after about two weeks. Luckily I had bought the 3 year warranty policy in case something went wrong with them. Turns out they make it very difficult to get through the return policy and it’s very frustrating. So I tried to return them and they refunded me for the warranty $1.34. Then told me that the return date on the headphones had expired. What a fu$&*ing joke. I wouldn’t even give them a half a star rating but I hav3 to give them one just to post.
I bought this a few days ago. This product is very nice, and slick. It feels well-made and produces nice sound. However there is one small part which maybe i just had a bad headset. But the plugin broke off very easily. it has a plastic in it which may have been cracked before arrival to me but you cant see it since its covered by rubber. Anyways, it severed the cord and Im out of a headset in which I cant find a warranty. If you do get this thing, be very careful with it.
Can tell no difference from the HyperX Clouds. These are the exact same thing, just have a dongle you can plug into USB. When I plugged it in it had a bad static noise anytime someone talked or something was happening in the game. RETURNING to get my money back! HyperX is an awesome brand, just came up short with this pair.
Mic failed within 3-4 weeks of usage. Kingston sending a replacement.
When it works, it works well. My problem has been having it work consistently. I actually used the warranty to get a brand new one and had the same exact issues (problems with the mic picking up sound) with it so it must be a little widespread.
Please, do yourself a favor and dont buy these headphones. Theyre fine headphones... when theyre not broken. Really nice mic quality and good sound, comfy as well. However, about 9 months after getting this headset, it stopped working. Bad wire near the earpiece. Luckily, its under warranty. So I get another pair, and my very generous friend buys me ANOTHER one of these headsets while I wait for the warranty to go through. (I need my headphones in order to work, so I needed a pair asap) Figured I could use it as a backup pair. Both of the new pairs of headphones that came in didnt come with the connector piece that plugs into your computer. Whatever, annoying that I wont have a backup, but I can use my old one. The pair my friend bought me broke in a week. The earpiece plastic shattered. THEN the piece that connects the headphones to the computer, the one that didnt come in the new headsets, broke. Thats not warranted. Had to pay $30 for a new one just to be able to use the speakers and mic at the same time. Absolutely ridiculous. Decent headphones, but not built to last, not worth the trouble of replacing them every few months. I also have a friend who had a pair that broke within 6 months, he bought a different headset for $15 and hes been using it for over a year. Theres just no excuse. Also, have to note that I take very good care of my headphones. I dont travel with them or move them around a lot. They stay at my desk 24/7 and I have a nice place to put them when not in use. No reason this should have happened, 3 times within a year, with a $100 headset.
Peice of junk had it less than 2 months Sound crackles in my ears and half the time my mic does not work tried to call company no luck total waste of 99.99
Ive owned this headset for 2 years and it served me extremely well during that time. Up until recently I would have given this product 5 stars.It is wonderfully comfortable, even 24 hour marathon gaming sessions do not cause fatigue. Speaking as a non-audiophile, the sound quality seems very good, the best Ive experienced both from the headphones and mic. Unfortunately, I started to encounter problems with the microphone 1 month after the expiration of the headsets warranty. After some research, I think the problem might be faulty wiring on the USB control box, as many other customers have had issues with that component. Curiously, this USB control box only has a 6 month warranty as opposed to the headsets 2 years. And, It can be replaced for low price of only 29.99+ shipping! Sounds like planned obsolescence to me. I intend to contact HyperX customer support, but as it is out of warranty Ill likely be denied assistance. Its possible that this control box has been re-engineered; and If thats the case, newer models of this headset would deserve a 5-star recommendation.. If I were to spend this amount on money on a headset again, Id choose an audio-technica ATH-AD700X headset and a seperate 5 dollar clip on mic.(hopefully HyperX support can persuade me otherwise) If mic quality was a concern then Id get: Antlion Audio ModMic 4.0 Attachable Boom Microphone
This headset is fantastic. The sound quality is excellent, regardless of what its plugged into. The microphone quality isnt as good as some other mics on integrated headsets (my personal fav for mics is those on the Turtle Beach series headsets), so that knocks off a star. The other missing star is due to one of the hinges breaking, allowing the earcup to fall out of place, requiring either very careful placement when wearing them, or quick fixing as best you can, either dealing with it until the electronics fail or until you decide to buy another headset. In my case, the hinge began to break almost two years in, beginning just with some support and aesthetic plastic around it, with the actual mechanism breaking completely a few days ago. All in all, this is a great headset for any purpose, but dont expect it to hold up if handled roughly. I am gentle with my things, especially electronics, and it broke nearly two and a half years later.
God do I wish I could return this headset, but unfortunately it took 32 days to stop working altogether, as far as I can tell negating Amazons 30 day return policy. Basically there is a well known problem with this mic (250k+ views on Youtube for fixes to the problem, multiple videos) where it will just start creating an enormous amount of feedback in the background, making it impossible to use for voice communications. Complete waste of time and money.
These are the worst headphones money can buy. No bass, zero depth, and by far the cheapest sounding speakers I’ve ever worn.
Ive been using the device for less than 24 hours and have already had a case where the microphone stopped working mid-call. I dont have the issue when I am plugged directly into the computer rather than through the USB controller, but the whole point of the headset is to be able to use that as your sound device. This shouldnt be an issue, but alas, Ive lost all confidence in the product. Its painful when I am talking to someone and they can hear me fine for 30 minutes, but then suddenly the microphone stops working. Deciding on whether Ill return it or just use it on my laptop. I wanted it for my desktop, but it doesnt have a port for both mic and audio nor did the headset come with a splitter that would allow me to plug it in; the splitter that comes with it is a terrible design. It is a set spacing between both plug-ins; my inputs are too far apart. Overall terrible design. Its a shame; its really comfortable and I am OK with the sound quality. Would be 4-5 stars if they had gotten the most basic part of this headset working properly.
Great noise through the headset itself, great volume. Issues involve the mic itself, as boosting through windows does nothing to help my friends ability to hear me while I am talking. Possibly inherently quiet recording volume from the mic, the manufacturer suggested firmware did nothing except waste five minutes of my time. Honestly? Just a fancy pair of headphones with a USB soundcard that maybe works (unconfirmed). Will keep because I am too lazy to refund.
The make is very odly shaped despit what the mic puff looks like. The mic is actually L shaped at the tip and I had to take off the puffy part to rearrange the direction of the mic because if its turned even 30 degrees in one way, the person using it is almost inaudible. If a companyis going to use such an inconvenient mic tip shape the least they could do is make the fuzz at the end MATCH the tip so I wont lose sound quality by removing it in order to adjust the mic. One last thing, the sound wuality is pretty bad. I know it sounds very pretentious to talk about sound quality but I went from having a logitech mic to this one and I instantly noticed the difference. The hyperx sounded a little muffled and even after the software was downloaded and up to date I saw no change so this was a let down
I really like this headset but one day all of a sudden my left side of the headset wasnt working but my right side was still working fine. I moved on to a different headset but this is still a good headset and if your lucky it wont happen to you.
Subpar bass. Clear voice chatting. Top notch sound proofing, and durability. For gaming, I would recommend. For music, look elsewhere. 3 stars because for a 100 dollars Id expect better bass. Its almost nonexistent. 30 dollar headsets have better bass then these.
Great quality sound, Absolutely horrible usability. Get this if youre looking for some headphones to watch movies with. For any other reason, do not get these. The sound is extremely quiet, there is no voice loop so you end up screaming over the mic, and also there is only one channel to listen to, so you can forget listening to music while playing games.
The headphones themselves are pretty great. Very comfortable, and with the leather cuffs on the speakers it keeps out a lot of noise. The worst part of these is the microphone. Im not exactly sure where the weak point is, but I think its the USB dongle. The audio jack needs to sit in the USB controller just perfectly for the mic to work, otherwise as my friends describe it, its just a series of pops and buzzes. Its extremely frustrating since I bought this headset to not just be good headphones, but a good mic as well, and for $100, youd expect it could handle a simple mic implementation. However 2 stars for being great headphones to bring on a plane, even if the cable is a little short. UPDATE: The issue is the NON REPLACEABLE cable that comes out of the headset. The jack itself is prone to breaking (look at the reviews) and so whether its in the USB dongle or right into the computer, the connection will be very poor. I would avoid this version and go with one that has a replaceable cable.
They were amazing headphones until they developed a short near the jack.  I had to hold the wire at just the right angle for them to work.  I am very disappointed with the durability of the wire given these are $100 headphones.  Ive had tougher $5 usb cables.  I wont be buying HyperX products again as this is a huge oversight in design.
Enjoyed the closed-ear design and extra accessories. Sound is decent, however, mic is trash. Too many things can go wrong with this. The external surround sound toggle feels cheap and sometimes becomes loose creating static sounds.
Extremely poor mic quality and the included volume control locks you out of your computers volume control. headset felt good and the sound was okay. I replaced it with much more expensive headset and separate mic
Well its been 6 months and today there was some static and then the Microphone stopped working and the headsets volume went down to nearly nill.  While they worked I was pretty happy with them.  The sound was good and microphone clear.  When I purchased them I ignored a lot of the reviews talking about issues with in the first year.  I should not have.
Very comfy, great sound, never really used the mic much so Im not very sure on its quality. However! After 19 months the left earphone started shorting out. Managed to get it to work for another month by wrapping the cord through the clip but now both sides are pretty much kaput. Also the short is between the control box and the headset itself, so occasionally running over the cord with my chair seems to not have caused it. A shame, because up until that point they worked perfectly.
All my friends say that the mic on this headset is really staticky and low quality. If you are looking for a good mic, this isn’t the one.
Sent them back. 7.1 is a joke, and they made my ears sweat way too quickly. My g430s had better directionality.
Really love these headphones, I bought two of these for my boys. However, my son told me last night that he wasnt working anymore.  For the price they should he very durable but it doesnt seem that way.  He has a small old school chair in his room he sets in and he sat them on the chair to come out for dinner and they fail on the floor and no longer work.....  for such a short fall it should have been fine. We also had the older model ones before we bought this and it fail off the dresser and didnt work anymore! So Im irritated to say the least! They are great mics for the PlayStation or Xbox, even for the kids phones they work great but of they cant withstand a minor fall they are not work the money. Hate to give bad reviews like that but I just got them Christmas of 2017 so I feel like I wasted my money!!!  Not sure if they have a 1 yr warranty or not.  I know u have a choice of including a warranty when u buy it but the way I see things, for the price and the mostly  ratings, u shouldnt have to buy a warranty. They just dont make things as strong and durable as they use to!
2 Stars only because they are absolutely great. The best headphones Ive used. Only problem is that the audio connector snapped off and is stuck in my Playstation controller.
I cant believe that a headset that costs this much would break after 1 week. I know headsets generally take a beating and need to be replaced but thats usually after months and months - not 1 WEEK! Truly sad because my son bought this using money he had saved up for months to get himself his own headset. And to make matter worse the jack broke off WHILE INSIDE the controller rendering it impossible to ever plug another headset into that controller. If the cord to the headset itself had been detachable then at least we could replace the cord (and use other controllers) but as it is directly molded into the headset itself the entire thing becomes junk because the folks who made this decided to use a pretty shoddy connector. Which of all things youd think that would be the part they reinforced more than any other because it is constantly being plugged in and out. FWIW the headset itself - in term of audio and comfort - was amazing! (thus the second star). This would be an amazing product if that tiny piece of metal wasnt so cheap.
Meh, should expect more sound from cans at this price. The wire connected to the left ear cup is loose, twists , and you can hear the wires scratching around inside. Mic quality on the first set I got was hit or miss, mostly miss. Lows could hit a little harder. The build is nice, except the wires. Spend less and get arctis 3, or Corsair, or Phillips even.
For the  most  part this is an excellent headset.  Sound is great  and earphones isolate ambient noise well. This setup  is the easiest on the ears of any headset Ive used before ($100-$200 price range).  I can easily game  for several  hours while wearing glasses with zero discernible  discomfort. I can only apply 3 stars because after just two months the microphone just quit working.  Driver replacement no help.  I do plan buying separate earphones and microphone on my next purchase.
We have only had them a month and they broke already so I need to call and see what I need to do
Got this thing for christmas. Its super comfy, has pretty decent sound quality though the bass is pretty flat. If you use the mic on my device I get feedback. My output, at a certain volume, plays back through the input. I thought the mic was just being sensitive but when I mute the microphone the loopback continues. EDITED: Kingston support contacted me and offered a cross shipped replacement on the device. Awaiting delivery of my replacement. Support I received was excellent.
Garbage.  Mic always quiet as hell and then the USB thing started injecting crackling into all audio. And then I lost at the end of PUBG match because suddenly the wire gave out and started to turn off the ears 1 by one.  Now when you move the wire it either turns itself on or off on its own.  Garbage tier quality.  Wont touch HyperX again.  Inexcusable.  They should have built a thicker wire for higher quality.  $80 down the drain.
Headset worked good, but microphone stopped working. Now I gotta buy a brand new headset.
Absolute garbage headset. Works great until it doesn’t...I’ve gone through 2 of these now. Mic starts muting itself on PS4 so that nobody can hear you for no reason. Absolutely NOT worth the money.
Bought this headset as a Christmas present for myself and when I finally opened it up to try on my PC, the mic didnt work. I futzed around with it for two hours, researched online about the issue and tried every possible solution. The headset USB dongle with the attached mixer seemed to be DOA. I read many accounts of this part going bad so I think this piece is poorly made and doubt it will last longer than a year of regular use. I contacted Kingston customer support and they told me they would send me a replacement in three weeks, which would put me out of the return window so I decided to return the headset. If you dont need faux 7.1 surround, Id say skip the Cloud II and go with the Cloud Core because I believe that the mixer/dongle is the weak part in the headset. Everything else is solidly build.
Broke, replaced, warranty ran out, broke again, in a dumpster.  Replaced with a much cheaper headset that has outperformed and outlived it.
I ordered my first pair of HyperX maybe a week later they broke on me the mic jack doesn’t work, they send me a replacement pair and a week later they break as well! Now I don’t see a way to even contact them. Buy the $50 dollar hyperX instead of this one it is not worth it.
Mic stopped working after 6 months of sparse use. Hoping to get a replacement now. I will update review after that.
I purchased this headset mainly for PC gaming and streaming on Twitch. I needed a new headset to replace my old one since it no longer worked. Based on reviews and recommendations, I thought I should try these out. Going in, I knew nothing about HyperX except that they sponsor several esports teams. Pros: - The microphone is amazing at noise reduction! This was a must have for me since my boyfriends PC is right next to mine and I did not want to pick up him during live streams. - Padding and medal construction felt high quality and had good stability. - The ear cups cancel noise a lot better than most headsets. This is great for noisy houses. - You can actually turn on/off the 7.1 audio. Theres actually a large difference between the two options. Cons: - The ear cups were comfortable but not as comfortable as people had claimed. After wearing these for 3-4+ hours I started to feel them. - The microphone itself sounded rather muffled. I had better mic sound quality from cheaper headsets. This was the main reason why I ended up returning them. If I was only playing games with friends, I would have kept these. But Im streaming on Twitch to an audience. I cant have my voice sound muffled. I need crisp and clear. - The remote on the cable has microphone volume + & - buttons. These buttons are rather pointless. I would have preferred a mute button or deafen button rather than a mute switch and no quick deafen option. I had these both on my old headset and loved it.
I had higher hopes for this headset. Nowhere near the clarity of my older Turtle Beach 5.1.
Ive bought 4 of these headsets now. Three of them failed right around the 8-9 month mark. The wire seems to have some quality issues. I bought a replacement set for my son this past Christmas. I dont anticipate them lasting any longer than the previous ones. That being said, they are a great headset, but they arent worth the $70 sale price I paid for them, and they are definitely not worth the $100 normal price if theyre failing before the 1 year mark.
Very comfortable and pretty great audio quality, but the button to turn on/off surround sound doesnt work right out the box, along with the on board mic and headphone volume ajusters. Very disappointed and will try to refund and get it again, if it comes broken again, the one star will remain, if it is fixed, a full five stars.
Amazing headset in the beginning! I loved the surround sound and look of the headset. Why one star? The microphone goes out gradually over time. After one year of use now the microphone works when it feels like it or gives the "robotic" voice. I really like this headset but unfortunately the quality does not lasts.
DO NOT BE FOOLED. This is not a 7.1 surround headset. Whenever you see Dolby using the word "virtual," it means theyre simulating surround using 2 speakers. Its a trick. There ARE true 7.1 headsets out there, like the ones made by ASUS (i.e. the Strix 7.1), which have several speakers in each earphone. I once had a pair of HyperX headsets, and its nothing more than a gimmick simulation of what it claims to be (i.e. a surround-sound headset).
Was not impressed with this headset.. had lots of issues and decided to return it..
They worked well for 14 months of daily use but now the sound is cutting out regularly.
This headset is total garbage. The 3.5mm splitter that it came with doesnt work, so I am forced to use the USB connector. The USB connector gets unplugged with the tinniest little tug and the headphones will keep working but the microphone will stop working. If you are in a game, the only way to fix this is by restarting the game. The sound quality is also terrible, just keep away from this garbage.
Ive had it for 1 year and 10 months and my inline sound card broke today after a came back from a trip to the store it was no longer working. I dont really care about the sound card but I need the cable length to reach my pc and also plugging into usb is convenient. Im hoping this isnt a trend for these things to break but Im in the process of contacting customer support and if they are kind enough to give me a replacement then Ill reconsider my review. Other than that Ive had no prior issues, I guess regardless of how recommended something is theres always the chance for something to go wrong.
Headset sound clarity overall is good but description is misleading. Surround sound option does not function with Xbox 1 and volume controller only works if wired directly to console. Also microphone I am told is very low and you must practically yell for others to hear you. It ultimately negates the entire point in using a headset to be quiet for other members of household. Overall is a decent headset but would not recommend and would look at other options first.
We have had these for 4 months and the first 2 months they worked great until then one side of the headset stopped working.
I purchased this headset for the XBOX based on the excellent reviews. But there is a HUGE design component missing. There is literally no way to mute the headset! The inline mute button discussed in the product description only works if connected via USB (see pic). U cant flip up the mic to mute or anything else.... If that doesnt matter to you the sound is awesome, they are super comfortable, and the ppl in my chat said the mic was amazing. But for me... not being able to quickly mute is a deal breaker.
Bought this as a Bday gift for my kid, few months after using it the MIC doesnt work. Apparently in his search for support, found its a pretty common issue with this, with preforming a firmware update fixing it for some, but not him. Tried email and chat support, everything has gone unanswered. Ive used many of the cheaper options out there, they last a good 12-18 months if cared for, figured something at this price point would have lasted at least as long, and had better support if nothing else.
My son has an Asus gaming laptop. He can hear through the headphones, but have never been able to get the microphone to work. Very disappointed. I would suggest you call the manufacturer of your PC/laptop and see if this headset is compatible with your equipment. HyperX will just say they are when theyre not.
I loved them for their audio quality. My first pair died when trying to remove the 3.5mm jack from the dongle. Needless to say, part of the jack is now within the dongle and is no longer usable. The second set doesnt seem to work with its included mic, so I had to hook it up to an external mic to get it functioning. None of them ever seems to last. They have been purchased in December 2017 and I am just on the fence with these items. Maybe if they were modular i.e. a detachable 3.5mm jack so I could just replace mine with another cable I would be happier with this product. But as they stand, once a jack is dead; all I have is an expensive paper weight.
I was very excited to get these and show it off to my friends but it seemed only momentarily. The case is great the packaging is great, everything about the presentation is acceptional even it’s price but what I am buying is quality it can produce the quality to make it be better, which is what I was going for, yet did not receive. I am sorely disappointed with these headphones. My mic will be off and my friends will tell me to turn my mic down. It’s down, it’s low. I can be alone in a party and I still see my mic moving while off. I just even bump my headphone and anyone can hear it, yet the mic is off. The volume is okay, does not work like I intended. Very very disappointed, I read reviews for months before this purchase and am weary about any future headset purchases, from any company. I have a $25 Xbox headphones and finally wanted to upgrade only to see that I have a nicer looking headphone with almost no upgraded features comparable to the Microsoft headphone. Will never buy from this company again for false advertising. But amazon will probably lower my review because they are a biased company and just as bad a scam as Yelp with paid reviewers to make a product seem better than it is presented.
Well what better time to write a review than when something breaks At the time of writing, I probably bought these about 9 months ago. For about 7 of those months the whole set worked good as expected. No problems what so ever. [HEADPHONES] I enjoyed the longer cord for my specific set up and the headphones are super comfortable and fit around my entire ear with no discomfort, big plus there. Since Im not super picky Id say sound quality is great, at least for my experience with headphones so far. Complete satifaction with the headphones [MICROPHONE] As for the mic, its ok. Looks super fancy and all, still picks up every button press I make in the background but anything farther that arms reach is usually too quiet to be picked up by the mic. It makes my voice sound a little higher in game than IRL. I wasnt looking for anything too amazing so thats fine with me. However two months ago the microphone started emitting static noise in game (The guys I play with told me + Ive heard it during recordings) Its gotten to the point where the headphones will still emit static in game (i cant hear it but everyone else can) even when the mic isnt connected. the mic still works(aside from the static) and i can talk to others with it but the static has caused too many issues. The headphones themselves still work as well as when I got them so I plan to continue to use them.
Great sound but MIC will fail with out reason... I have gone through two of these headsets, both the same outcome.
It electrocutes my ear every couple minutes. Occasionally the mic quality is garbage for some reason. 0/10.
Sound is good, but the USB will wiggle loose with like no force at all. Constantly causes my sound to drop, and often requires a restart. They’d make a good backup to a pair that was better crafted
Pros: nice and sleek look. Great sounding Mic mids and highs are great. Very light Detachable Mic Cons: The ear cuffs dont swivel. so if i want to put it on my chest its a bit weird. the USB 7.1 surround sound card  is nice but it seems the mic adjustable settings did not work when i activated the 7.1 mode every sound just seem to come out both of the headphones it did not sound from behind. with the included sound car a lot of the bass gets really distorted. Notes: so i have tried to use this headset without the included USB sound card and they sound more decent but it still does lack a lot of bass. and still the bass distorts but not as much when it is using the USB sound card. All honesty i got this headset because everyone else says they are really good but for my preference they were just really horrible.
They have a problem with the mics not working and suddenly breaking, yet pay people to say these headsets are the best. Ridiculous trash. I was just talking to friends via the mic when it abruptly quit working. The audio was set to 0.0 and I couldnt turn it up when I checked the playback and recording, which were both using the headset as the default device. Get something better, dont waste your money on something that will crap out in a year or 2.
I ordered this headset for a Christmas present for my son. When he opened them he was so excited. He said they were the most comfortable headphones hes ever worn, but when he plugged in the dongle there was a constant buzzing in both ears. The only way for the buzzing to stop was for him to plug it in the audio jack. The cord is too small to plug straight into the jack. So he ordeded an extension cord for it. It worked after that, but I think at the price youre selling it for, it should have that.
I cant get these things off my sons head.  Thanks Kingston! Anyway, I borrowed them and the sound is better than Beats! 02.12.2018 update.  Product quality highly suspect.  Yes, they still sound great. But, there is a short in the USB connection so the microphone didnt work.  Now, only 8 months after purchase, I seeproduct support has closed?  What do I do now?
Mute does not work for PS4...  better review if they can get it fixed
I gave this product 5 stars when I bought it, that account was hijacked so Im evening the star rating along with an update. Approximately 7-8 months into owning this headset the control box went out, as I use it for a ps4 I unhooked the headset and plugged it straight into the controller, approximately 1 year into owning this headset the right side audio stopped. Now around 13-14 months later I have upgraded to a set of Turtle Beach similar to a pair I had in the past that lasted 3+ years and the wires were literally deteriorating when I threw them away instead of 8 months due to manufacturers defects. I take good care of my equipment and this is an honest review. Thanks for reading.
I have owned these for about a few months and for the time that they worked i had really enjoyed them. Now that they are broken for no apparent reason i cannot now use them. I do though suggest getting these as believe that my was just a runt from the litter so to speak. i know many friends that have this headset and they have had no issues with them. That being said my personal experience with them has been 1/5.
about 2 months back i bought this headset thinking it was superior to most headsets in this price range today i plugged in my headset in my ps4 controller expecting it to work excellent as usual to my surprise the headsets mic stopped working. i attempted to replug it into my ps4 controller that still didnt work. i then restarted my ps4 still no progress. does anyone know how i can fix this weird mic problem
Im a software engineer which means I spend a lot of time working to music. I also game in my increasingly rare free-time. The search for the perfect PC headset is a journey I embarked upon many years ago and just when I think Ive found the perfect product, some glaring fault usually comes forth. HyperX products all seemed to be highly rated so I gave it a shot last year with these Cloud IIs. Overall, they are good. They fit my head like a glove and are easily one of the most comfortable headsets Ive ever used, hands down. They are also very durable. Like very. I cannot count the number of times theyve gone under my chair, got twisted up or fallen on the ground. Despite a couple battle scars, these bad boys are intact and sound as good as ever. The actual sound quality is fantastic too, which makes the subpar microphone that much more confusing. Its strange to have a headset with such rich sound get paired with a tin can mic. Perhaps will proper codecs or audio software, you could adjust the output to be deeper but as a standalone your voice will sound flat and high pitched. This brings me to my next point, the cable length. Anyone who spends considerable time at a desk understand the importance of cable management. Too many devices can turn a functional space into a rats nest of confusion, a scenario I proudly avoid. These Cloud IIs are a standard 3.5mm cable (a very nice thing for those of us who want to use with PS4 controllers or other devices like phones), however the length of this cable is really short (~3 feet). This means that unless the device you are plugging into is on your desk or right next to you, youre going to have to use the USB audio dongle that it comes with. The USB audio dongle itself is an inline audio enhancer for 7.1 "surround" sound and a few basic buttons for volume and mic control. Although the additional length of the USB dongle was night, the actual controls themselves felt cheap and didnt always work. Overall, this headset is fantastic when paired with a high quality output device, such as a studio mic from Denali, etc.
This headset was great when it was fully working. The sound was good, the microphone sounded clear to my friends, and this headset is by far the most comfortable set I have ever owned. However, the microphone stopped working after about half a year of use. I recently purchased a replacement microphone for it (as the microphone is removable) and it worked great for a day. The next time I used the headset, the microphone died again. The headset still works for audio, so you can still use these as a great pair of headphones. I would recommend these to people who would already use a separate microphone as the microphone on the headset will probably die eventually.
If you intend to use the microphone, this product is absolutely terrible.  You will find many reports online of other customers encountering silent microphone issues with this headset.  I ran into the same problems.  Not even third party software could reliably fix the volume problems caused by the usb sound chip, which is somehow advertised as a selling point, but actually prevents you from fixing the inaudible volume in your OS.  Would never recommend this product for gaming purposes.
What modern gaming headset doesn’t have the ability to mute the headset? Well not this one! For Xbox One and PS4 you can NOT mute the headset via an in-cable mute switch. You have to use the inefficient Xbox or PS4 console menus to mute the microphone. A addon that would cost less than $5 results in a headset that is worthless for gaming. And what baffles me are the amazing reviews....I guess these people don’t use the mic. I do NOT recommend this headset.
Pros: Very comfortable headset both on the ears and top of the head. The output volume quality in the speakers is great Cons: The 7.1 setting is worthless and laughably bad; and I would not recommend turning it on for any reason. The main problem I had was the mic quality is abysmal. Any quick google search will show you that this headset is riddled with microphone issues and suffers with the built in microphone being way too quiet for others to hear you, despite all drivers and sound cards being updated and volumes boosted on both ends. According to their website forum, if updating the drivers did not work, there is no fix for you. I am extremely disappointed in this headset. Considering my Turtle Beach x12s had this beat in everything but comfort and quality, I cannot give the Hyperx Cloud II Headset above two stars. TL;DR. Mic is awful. Do not buy.
Terrible for Xbox one. Sounds worse than just plugging in a set iPhone earbuds. You dont get to use the USB and inline sound controls.
They look great and feel good. The definitely have a high quality feel to them. I returned them and picked up the HyperX Cloud Stinger because I thought the emulated 7.1 sucked. Additionally, Ive always loved the sound of the "Powerful" equalizer on my motherboard and the USB doesnt give you that option.
Mic stopped working about 3 weeks after i received them.  wasnt expecting great mic quality, but assumed it would have some longevity.
All I can tell you is: My 14 yr old son has gone through many headsets (Turtle Beach, Razer). Usually the mic fails or the earpiece breaks off.  For Christmas 2016 I decided on the HyperX Cloud II because the reviews seemed favorable plus the construction of the headset looked durable-metal parts instead of plastic.  Amazingly, after using the headset almost daily, there has never been an issue with them. The flexible mic is a must have.  I wont go into the sound quality but it apparently its sufficient for my son. He doesnt complain. update 02/01/19. I changed rating to 3 stars because inside the left headset the very thin plastic covering over the speaker began rattling whenever the bass was too high.  This cannot be repaired.
One side stopped working as well as the microphone for no reason in less than 4 months too much money for it not to last It is still brand new not even a a scratch
Defective product, cant hear from one side and the mute doesnt work. First time using it
Headphones through the audio jack alone are well built, comfortable, and have quite high audio quality. The major and inexcusable problem is with their "7.1" USB control adapter, huge frequency passthrough. When I first received it I thought it was a defective part so I contacted Kingston and they gladly sent another one, same exact problem. The USB creates a constant white noise that is exaggerated with subtle low volume sound changes, its completely unacceptable for a part that you literally pay extra to have. The faked 7.1 is great and I really love to use it in game but the constant boost in this white background noise is ridiculous. Ive tested it with and without the dongle on 4 separate machines with 3 separate OS and all the same, its the USB dongle that is poorly made. For a nearly $100 headset Im quite disappointed that they would cheap out on literally the only reason people pay an extra $20 for. On the plus side, Kingston support is really great so no problems there.
this headset looks like a turtle beach you would get at target. the quality of the mic and design is terrible would compare it to speaking on the oldest cheapest Android that is in this world. the unboxing is really unpleasing to
A little after two years of owning this headset and taking great care of it, the USB sound card dongle suddenly stopped working. I contacted customer support and was told that since I am past the two-year warranty date, there is nothing that they can do for me and that Ill need to buy a replacement dongle to continue using them. For a $100+ headphones, youd think theyd last longer than two years.
Even on sale this headset was not worth it to me. The mic is so low on these headsets that your friends will be turning you up after you already have yourself turned all the way up and then they will still have a hard time hearing you if you dont talk loud enough. The right side ear cup is slightly smaller and does not go as deep and crushes my ear, I am in pain after about 6 hours. Mine has some kind of short around the mic piece, If it is not sitting in a specific spot it will put off a loud humming/buzzing until i fix its position. I have owned this headset now for 4 months and i am so unhappy. I will be replacing this soon.
I wish I could leave these headphones a better score.  I have bought two pairs, and both have failed within 2 years.  In each case the dongle has failed. Before failure the headphones worked great, and the mic was adequate.
Worked good at first but wore and didn’t last a year
Amazing Build Quality, Very Comfortable, Seemed like a great headset. But make sure to your research before buying. The sound stage is awful, Everything sounds really far away or hollow. I had to download an equalizer to adjust the audio to sound normal. After looking into it, it seams that the USB adapter is to blame for the bad sound. The microphone is just terrible, obviously you cant assume too much of a mic for a $100 headset but I was disappointed non the less. Also when it comes to gaming, the directional sound was to general. In counter strike, footsteps were impossible to pinpoint.
A decent sounding headset, but the detachable mic was always annoying, and has stopped working entirely after about a year and a half. Would be worth 4 stars if not for the broken microphone. Ill be replacing this headset with another brand, since there appear to be plenty other highly-rated options within this price range.
Awesome headset until the cable fell apart about a month later. Do not get this get a logitech g430 or a different steelseries headset. All reviews are short term users DO NOT BUY
they are good and feel good but they dont let you change your mic volume and mine broke after a year, get the hyperx cloud alphas instead
Its a good starter headset. The mic stopped working after about a month, oh well. When the mic worked it was okay quality and the audio also sounds decent. One of the speakers of the headset stopped working after about 3 months of use. I would recommend getting something better.
I wanted to like these. They feel comfy and well-made. However, Ive had repeated issues with my HyperX Cloud II headset even after sending it in for an RMA. The USB dongle stopped working after a couple months of light use. This made it impossible to use any of the volume controls and muting. Sent it in for RMA and they sent back another USB dongle. Months later after not using it, I tried it out again, and the microphone died. Not sure if I just got a bad pair, but these headphones are disappointing because something keeps breaking. Would not recommend.
Broke in two weeks. this is an expensive product. unfortunately it has low quality.
Bought  this in February 2017 it just stopped working trying to figure out how to contact seller to get a refund
This is the second pair of hyper xs that I bought. The quality is excellent while they work but both of mine have stopped putting out voice audio after a few months. No point in spending this much if the product doesnt even last a year. The cable isnt even detachable so if it breaks you have to buy a whole new headset.
These are very comfortable, and they feel very durable and high quality. I wasnt very impressed with the amp though. It didnt work, plugging directly into the playstation via USB. It would light up, but none of the buttons would work. If you plug directly into the controller, it works better, but lose the amp and easy controls that come with it, which means you have to mess around in the playstation audio settings anytime you want to mute your mic or adjust the volume levels. You could just unplug your mic from the headset; that would be the easiest way to mute with plugging in directly into the ps4 controller. There was a delay with my mic audio when adjusting the settings on my ps4. I havent experienced that with other headphones. The amp also didnt work with my xbox one. What does it work on?? Also, the mic monitoring on the ps4 wasnt very clear. Mic monitoring is a huge deal to me that many manufacturers dont advertise, or get right. If you cant hear yourself talk, then how do you know if other people are hearing you right?? Weve all played games with people where you can hear literally everything going on in the background at their homes; the dog barking, their mom yelling at them, music playing. Thats usually because they have no idea what their mic is picking up. Or they talk waay too quietly in their mic, and you always have to tell them you cant hear them. OR, the person that is so LOUD they could be eating their microphone for all you know. Good mic monitoring on peoples headphones would solve so many problems! Anyways, these are super comfortable, and the sound quality is warm and great due to the larger mm drivers. I was just bummed mainly that the amp didnt work on my xbox or ps4. You have no external controls if you plug directly into the controller. And if you move your xbox controller, theres all this analog feedback from the 3.5 mm jack that comes across in your friends games. No thanks, Ill continue my search. So far, wired usb Turtle Beach headphones have been the absolute best Ive had on xbox and ps4. The mic monitoring was amazing too. I messed up big time and gave them away last year.. the only reason Im looking for something now.
right side broke in 2 years..
The headphones sound OK and do not electrocute me like the Revolver S did. However, on PS4 the inline controls do not work and i have my volume cranked to maximum in settings and im not hard of hearing so im unsure what that is about. They are very comfortable to wear for extended periods and do not break the bank, but at the same time i cant swear by them like most on here. IMO, the Revolver S is a better sounding and working headset on the PS4, just as long as you do not get electrocuted while wearing them like I did.
Horrible static/buzzing noise after 4 months of use. Wasnt used every day and would think for the price, it would last longer.
I have owned Logitech G633s for awhile and wanted a nice replacement. I was recommended this headset by my friends, they said the sound quality was great. [1] The reason this review has two stars is that the comfortability of this headset is way better than my uncomfortable G633, but only when you switch out the leather ear cups with the nicer ones. The process to change out the headset was annoying and took way too long. [2] The sound quality is okay, but there is no customization because this headset has no drivers or any software to customize anything. [3] The mic is very bad quality, and is one of the main reasons I will be immediately returning this headset. The mic quality could be overlooked if the current price of the headset wasnt $100.
Mic is really quiet and you cannot use Windows to adjust mic volume. Also using the USB control box is really clunky because of the additional cord length, but the virtual surround sound was pretty neat. Still good headphones overall, but I will keep using my external mic (luckily the mic is removable)
Had these for less than a year before the first sound card went, replaced and the other one went in 6 months. Don’t buy the Cloud II’s, they were incredibly disappointing compared to the original.
Defective/Tech was horrible
There is no way to adjust the volume or sensitivity for the microphone in Windows using the HyperX USB adapter. You can adjust the volume on the controls on the USB adapter but you get  no sort of user feedback that anything is changed ie. mic volume level.  Even with the settings , I assume maxed the volume of the mic is very low. Sound from the headphones is great, the overall unit is very comfortable, but the lack luster mic brings this product down
Worked fantastic for about 6 months. Sound routinely cuts out and friends cant hear me properly. Cable connecting the headset to the computer continuously pops out.
Headset worked great for 10 months but suddenly the right ear started going out, absolutely no sound. 2 year warranty, went to RMA and it was brought to my attention expedited RMA would cost me a cool $99.99.. going in for a regular RMA god knows when Ill get the headset back... The cable that enters the headset piece is easily twisted which is what I think cause the issue when the cables twisted too much they broke or became unsoldered to the earpiece.
Do not get this product unless you use a PC. I  got this product for PS4 and the game and chat volume adjuster isnt compatible with it. I spent 90 dollars on this and it cant even adjust volume.
Worked fantastically for 10 months. Now the USB part is dead. It is not recognized when plugged in at all. It is in brand new condition, just stopped working. My wife and I actually both have this headset, and hers still works.
This headset is VERY comfortable! However, that is the only reason to buy this headset. The build quality is nice, but the performance is sub par. The low end is extremely lacking and the 7.1 is very poor. The microphone is also very quiet on max settings.
Microphone doesnt work in Windows 10 even after downloading drivers from their website. The year is 2017. USB is plug and play. Kingston is a reputable brand. It should just work.
Let me start the negatives. When I first got the headset I noticed the microphone was not attached to the headset and the way it plugged in was through a jack not unlike headphones for an iPod. Already that threw up some red flags for me personally. But I figured Ill give it a shot because that would be a very petty reason to not try a product. Now Im only referencing using it on the PC. I can not speak for someone who is going to use it on the consoles but I do know that headsets like Turtle beach primarily used for console has some strange things happen when using it on a PC and vise versa. So I jump into discord and apparently my mic is very quiet. I adjust my mic volume and max it out and Im still very quiet. I jump into the control panel and max it out there in the hardware & sound section and it is still very quiet. My friends can not hear me at all. They had to boost my volume in discord to 200% just to be able to hear what Im saying. Awful mic at this point and Im frustrated because its not like its a cheap headset and no reviews seemed to mention this which struck me as very odd. The ones that did minimalized the issue as if its not a big deal. Its huge. Microphone communication is half the reason I puchase a headset. Now, the next day I decide Im not quite frustrated enough with it, so Ill try and research a fix, and apparently if you look on google for this particular headset and mic volume issues its as easy as finding Trump saying something stupid on Twitter. Struck me as even stranger that no reviews seem to mention the mic volume. I found their official website and downloaded an app that is supposed to allow you to actually increase the volume of your mic. This apparently came out as an update for the headset as a fix for the issue that is widely known enough to have the company acknowledge it and try to fix it. Its called "EqualizerAPO". Apparently that doesnt work because you need to install an app called "Peace" in order for the Equalizer to actually be usable. Does this sound fun yet? The Peace app is nothing but a skin for the EqualizerAPO to make the UI someone comprehensible and yet overly complicated. *Note that if you boot up the app make sure you scroll to the next page (which has no indication of existing) and select the microphone part of the headset or else any volume adjustments you do with the microphone once the app is booted will not apply because, even though it says "microphone detected" the microphone might as well be in a state of limbo as far as the third party software is concerned. After about 3 hours of looking and finally finding a video that does include that does include that little tid bit about the 2nd page of the boot up I finally got my mic volume to an acceptable level. At this point I am fuming but just glad I got the volume issue addressed. I can finally play games. Hooray for me. After about 24 hours of messing with the thing. The sound quality is fine, nothing spectaclar but it is acceptable for the price (although the mic issue I would expect better quality from the default Xbox360 mic that you got with the console). Anyways, sound is fine, mic volume is fixed. About a month later I realized I havent had a pizza in several months, that sounds good. The microphone got in the way of my pizza actually going into my mouth. I am actually complaining about this because when I try to bend the mic a little bit to get it out of the way it just decides to unplug from the headset. Remember that iPod jack that I mentioned earlier? So after my meal I plug the mic back in, it isnt working at all now. After one time of removing the microphone from the very easily detachable plug-in that it is designed with, it is so loose now that I literally cannot get it snug snug with the headset anymore. Now it just falls out. Great product. If you have too much hair and desire to pull some out, buy this product. If youre already bald though then Idk what to tell you. Again, this review is for PC users only. I have no idea what the mic quality is like on the console and frankly dont have the desire, nor the ability now thanks to the cheap plug-in of the microphone that this joke of a company designed, to find out.
so i got my headset it sounded fine but then i tested the mic and it sounded like a 2 dollar mike dont buy this product if your a gamer or you want really good mic quality
I loved these headphones for the first 2 months (extremely comfortable and very good sound quality) I had them but after that I have had issues to where I am constantly hearing bits of static and a problem where people sometimes can barely hear me even when I put my mic closer or turn up my voice control (I had a 25$ headset and never encountered these issues for years)
Audio control box failed, making the headset useless
Id love to give these a better review, because theyre great, but while they lasted. Great sound and comfortable, but the mic quality is a little shoddy, and the sound card randomly turns down the mic without rhyme or reason. The breaking point of these for me is literally that: theyre already having physical problems. I got these about 6 months ago, and were worth the price, albeit they were on sale. Over that course of 6 months, theyre already breaking. The mic isnt being detected by my phone when its plugged in (so I cant even use them with my phone, which is Android, since Android doesnt recognize the headset without the mic), and the USB sound cards wiring is already coming too loose and doesnt transmit microphone audio unless I push down the plastic buffer between the wire and the card in just the right way. Theres really no physical evidence that shows how this couldve happened either. Nor do I abuse it, I usually leave it on my desk, and sometimes bring it with me to school. Another important point about the damage is that the problems started happening while I was using the headset, and it was working just fine. In fact, I was in the middle of an online game when it happened, so that just goes to show that I wasnt even touching the sound card when it happened. I keep the wire with the sound card tucked between a drawer with a mattress (its not tightly packed between the two, at least an inch of space), so I couldnt have rolled over it with my chair or anything either. I can add picture of it later for proof of current condition. In the end, I feel like paying $70+ on this pair of headphones was a waste of my money, after breaking 6 months later, especially since Ive bought other pairs on here for much cheaper, from lesser known companies, and theyve lasted longer. If I could get a refund, I would solely because of the shoddy mic sound quality, and the unreliability. I may be the 1% experiencing this, but I am still disappointed, with all honesty.
Incredibly comfortable to wear for long sessions, but it does have issues. The output of the headphones, for many audiophiles, will be lacking. Its on par with cheaper standalone headphones and can competently support 7.1 surround sound(as long as your game or video processes it correctly), though it will leak audio. A previous driver apparently "fixed" some issues while disabling the audible feedback of boosting input volume, but unfortunately thats not what makes the microphone bad - its very, very quiet, to the point where downloading third-party software to increase gain is highly recommended unless you can convince everyone to raise their volume just to hear you. Its extremely disappointing despite how crisp and clear the actual quality is. I have personally used EqualizerAPO; with a video tutorial its easy to set up and it does not need to run constantly in the background to keep your voice audible.
Broken after 2 months of use. :(
Usb sound card is defective. I even got a replacement and it was still defective. I believe all the usb sound cards for the hyperx cloud 2 are defective and the company is unwilling to recall them or fix the problem. they sent me a free 3.5mm cable so i would quit bothering them and shut up about it. the 3.5mm connection is fine and static free but the usb soundcard is a horrid mess of static and random popping sounds. most people probably dont care but to me hearing intermittent pops every 30 seconds to a minute and constant static is unbearable for me, especially since these headphones are kind of pricey. BUYER BEWARE! if your only gonna use the 3.5mm connection then go for it, absolutely no problem there, just make sure your on the latest firmware. but if you care about the usb soundcard then avoid this like the plague.
Great headset but if you are using for ps4 you should just go with the cloud core works just as good but way cheaper. The 7.1 surround sound sucks for ps4 when you turn it on and hit volume up or down after that you will not be able to turn off 7.1. Its really stupid not worth buying but again that is for ps4. Computer and Xbox I have no idea how it is
I bought two of these, for my children to use on their computers for Christmas.  I opened one of the units to test and make sure it worked with Discord and the other programs my kids (why they want headphones) and Im glad I checked.  The HyperX has no sound in one ear.  At first I thought it might be the computer so I tested it on an iPhone and still no sound in one ear.  Im not sure whats going on but hopefully Kingston will stand behind their product.  Im thinking about returning both and getting my money back.  Technically this is Dead On Arrival and the other is unopened.  Perhaps Ill contact their support and see what they say.
Its not even compatible with a windows computer. The microphone does not work because the usb cable is blocking some microsoft boost thing (dont remember the details but you can look up the issue) and the 3.5 mm jack cord cannot go into both the green and red jack ports. You could use the splitter thet comes with it, but it is not one size fits all because it is not a cable but a square. As for my computer, the splitter is too short to fit into jack ports that are horizontal from each other, which the red and green jack ports on my pc are, but it can fit into jack ports that are vertical from each other. I went to all my local electronic stores looking for a simple cord splitter for the green and red jack port, but none of them had them because no one ever goes through the same hassle for a stupid headset. The only option I had was to wait 5 days to get one online. But I wouldnt even bother buying one with this headset. The quality of the audio is terrible, even the 7.1 surround sound or whatever is worse than when its off. I bought a cheap logitech headset that sounds way better and isnt a hassle to plug into my pc.
These were excellent headphones...till they died literally 5 days after the warranty was over.
Im not totally computer illiterate, but I could never get my windows professional 7 machine to work properly with this product. Latency was overwhelming. Ended up taking this product to Goodwill and purchased a Blue freestanding microphone from someone other than Amazon. Worked great right out of the box.
I was loving these headphones until now. Its been 9 months since purchase and Im constantly getting "USB device not recognized" error. They work fine just using the 3.5mm plug, but if I try to use the inline volume control they will not work.
Product fits greats, the sound quality is great too, and after you go online and update the firmware the sound card is even compatible with the PS4.  However in the three days, I have used these headphones, I have had to unplug them and replug them back into my PS4 to get the microphone to work.  On four separate occasions, I have tried to make call-outs to my team in Rainbow Six Siege and it was as if my microphone was muted when it was not.  On another occasion the microphone quality dropped so severely my teammates couldnt understand what I was saying, forcing me to power cycle the headphones mid-match.  My teammates also commented that the microphone quality was a downgrade from my old headphones (PS4 Gold). Lastly, the sound card only allows you to adjust your microphone sensitivity and overall volume put into the headphones, where on my old headphones (PS4 Gold) I had the option to adjust between the voice volume, game volume, and the overall volume put into the headphones. TL/DR The microphone and sound card sucks, but they fit great and sound great.  I prefer my PS4 gold headphones, which were cheaper anyways.
As several others have reported, the microphone was too faint to be usable when configured with the USB connector - was barely able to be heard with input and gain maxed. For the money, highly prefer the Steelseries Arctis 5 for a USB headset.
Upgraded from a Logitech G430 and I’m disappointed. Sound is flat. 7.1 surround is garbage due to the usb adapter. Adapter causes microphone connectivity problems. No gui based driver software to tune it. Looking into Logitech, steelseries, or others
This product was working perfectly for the first few months I had it, but after that everything went downhill. All of a sudden one day I started to get loud pops and cracks from the headset and it would disconnect. It was extremely annoying but bearable, however, now it has stopped working completely. Upon plugging them in I get an error "USB Device is not recognized". I had tried every USB port on my computer as well as the 3.5mm audio port with two different USB dongles(both for HyperX cloud 2 headsets, not off-brand). I had repaired the drivers several times with DriverEasy and that hasnt solved it either.
Quality is amazing, dont get me wrong. The ONLY problem I have had is the mute button-- If you play console you wont have a mute button. Yes its kind of  a luxury, but if youre paying $100 for a headset it better have a mute button. I primarily play Xbox One and need the 3.5 mm jack to connect, but WHY WHY WHY would you put the mute button on the USB extension instead of the primary 3.5mm cord? Please, if you make more headsets in the future, dont forget about the console gamers!
On the headset my cord that plugs into the controller did not have the input peice attached . It looks as if someone cut it off
Reason for 3 stars: Broke after less than 1 week of use. I have to physically push the microphone in for it to register. Still waiting on the RMA form to come through. I heard nothing but great things about this headset, but pretty disappointed it would break so quickly. When in use, it was amazing. Only reason I didnt give it 1 star.
they were a gift and now to late to return them or get any help with them they are making squealing noises
Good audio quality; however, very uncomfortable.
Headset itself is decent in sound quality and it is very durable. On the other hand, the USB dongle for the headset doesnt seem to be as durable as it should be. On a regular use of around 1 year, the dongle seems to get some sort of internal disconnection just below the controller. When this starts to happen, the headset starts emitting a popping noise due to series of disconnect and reconnect when the wire moves. I have already asked for replacement part and replacement too had the same problem after an year. Just take a good care of the dongle, dont let it support the weight of its own wire and DONT USE 7.1. Everything else is satisfactory
I have owned two of these headsets.  The first one was a refurbished model, and the second, current one is new.  Less than a month after purchasing the refurbished model, the microphone stopped working. It would work for a minute, cut out for a while, and randomly come back after dozens of removals and reinsertions into the port. Lucky for me, I was within the return period for Amazon and sent it back for a full refund.  Thinking it was a fluke due to the refurbished product, I used the money to order a brand new headset. It worked great for a couple of months, but about a week ago, it started doing the same thing. No amount of unplugging and plugging in the microphone fixes the issue for more than a few minutes. This issue does not matter whether I am on computer using the USB connection or 3.5mm jack on my Xbox One controller. The headset itself is alright sound wise. But not having a functional microphone kinda defeats the purpose.
When returning the package was left unopened. Paid $74.46 only received half ($34.97 returned) of the refund , as well as had to also pay for shipped for shipping back. Very unsatisfactory!
This is the headset everyone is recommending? this headset is small, like its for children. The adjustments are small too. For a headset advertised for adults at this price it should be for teens. Regular size adults or big people this headset will not fit at all. Koss Headphones from the 80s have huge range of adjustments compared to this micro headset. Not impressed.
Microphone cuts in and out. Have to unplug to make it work again. Speakers make a loud white noise sometimes.
Purchased this headset back on January 2, 2017.  They worked fine for three months but then one speaker went on the headset.  They look good and feel good but the volume was low when used on the ps4 and it didnt have that wow factor during game play.  Average set of headset and a little disappointed.  Ive had better sound and game play with lesser quality headsets on ps4.  I wanted to like them since they look great and feel great but the speakers and sound quality is lacking.
Super comfortable. But eats the battery. Was only able to play with it for an hour before my controller died
Product worked great for two months, now the micphone isn’t working. Get the protection plan to be safe if offered.
Ive owned 2 sets in 4 years, both cords have failed and sound only plays through 1 ear.
Definitely a durable headset with a solid frame, but the volume controller never worked out of the box. Had to use a Turtle Beach volume controller on the Xbox and cant use this headset for full functionality on the PS4/PC.
The sound was good for a while but it didnt last all that long. The cord started going bad and the right ear went dead. Useless for gaming at that point. If it was cheaper I wouldnt care, but it wasnt cheap.
Broke only 1 year after use. The jack has to be in the exactly perfect spot, if its off by even 0.00000000001mm then it wont work so theyre as good as broke.
I liked them quite a bit, but there was some sort of wiring problem... my friends were getting nothing but static from  my mic, the sound would cut in and out, and generally they became unusable. They were comfortable and the sound was good, but do yourself a favor and get the protection plan. Youre gonna need to replace them.
Altogether the headset felt rather cheap. It’s a good headset to have as a temporary replacement but the plastic that comprises the headset is cheap and easy malleable. Also, the headset has limited expansion capabilities, so if you’re head is rather large like mine, it will be uncomfortable.
right ear going out in 3 months. loved it until this happened
Had to return product as audio would randomly cut out for 3-5 secs. Otherwise comfy headset and good sound.
The headphones seem like to be decent quality, but they are not 7.1 surround, I did allot of tests on them and the front and side channels are all mixed together, totally missing the rear sound surrounds. These are a good beginner headphones, they are not worth the price. I would pay 50 for them, or less bottom line.
great headphones, sadly they only lasted over a year before one ear starting giving out
Pretty comfortable.. sound quality is good for the price. There is one issue: There is occasional static that doesnt go away until i plug it into a different usb socket. I looked for help online and saw I had to update firmware. This corrects it for the most part but the issue still occurs.
Great headphones, beware for the terribly quite mic, everyone will have to turn you up and you will have to speak close to the mic.
For me its just meh.  It looks good. The headset is comfortable. To me though the sound was just ok.  When I used it for games the sound was good not great.  You can hear the 7.1 on some games others i didnt hear the difference.  Not sure if thats a game or software issue.  Voice from other players sounded clear. For movies and music it was average at best. There was no punch to the bass.  I did notice a difference when using other headsets. I had mixed results.  Bottom line, your basically paying for the usb sound card.  Its a good starter headset for people on a budget.  I hope this helps folks trying to find headset.  Im keeping mine but will look for something better down the line.
First off, the headsets are very comfortable. I could wear them all day. They sound good and all, but there’s a catch for Xbox users: you can’t use the 7.1 Surround Sound USB card. After a brief talk with the customer service (who was very nice), I found out that this piece is “incompatible” with the Xbox. It would have been nice to know that beforehand! The description says, “Compatible with PC, PS4, Xbox One, etc...” No! It does not work the same at all! The headphones will still function, but not at the same level as expected.
The product became full of static at 90 days, no one can hear me on the mic. I would go elsewhere, especially for this price range. I have had better for less.
Don’t not order broke after a month. Too late to return. Worked fine in the beginning. One side started to go out I reloaded it was he headjack. Not good.
Ive had this headset for about a year and a half now, treated it with the utmost care and now out of the blue Im getting a soft crackling and buzzing noise in the background of what ever noise is transmitted. I have rolled back drivers to test to see if it was a hardware issue on my pc, which did nothing to help. I also tested my speakers to see if there was a similar noise which of course there was not. Im assuming it may be a hardware issue in the headphones, I was very satisfied for their year and a half of use but Im disappointed they seem to be deteriorating this early.
I bought these for a pc me and my brother planned to buy in the future and when we got the pc 2 months later and plugged them in turns out they were brocken the whole time, great
Comfortable and good sound, but the left speaker blew in less than a month and I am using them at relatively normal sound levels. Now I need to try and RMA it with HyperX.
The audio quality on this headset is fantastic.... when it works. After less than two years the audio is cutting in and out of the right channel any time the cable is moved. This wouldnt be a problem, except stereo audio is actually important. Pretty disappointed in longevity.
Cord isnt long enough if youre more than 7ft from your tv.  Youre unable to adjust the sound or mute the mic for PS4.  I have sold mine and are in search of something better.
Great headset and great sound quality. The reason why Im giving this such a bad rating is because the 3.5mm jack breaks super quick. Ive own 2 HyperX headsets and loved both.... for about 2-3 months, then the jack breaks and have to replace them. Im not rough on them, just plug them in quite a bit, however, they should not break that easily. My next headset will not be HyperX.
I bought the Hyper X Cloud II after much research on headphones, I do/did enjoy the sound quality and immersion of the headphones but they quit working after barely 15 hours of usage playing video games. something is defective with the jack input, normally this happens after long use or years. Very disappointed.
Ive bought 3 of these over the course of 2 years. Theyre very comfortable and the audio is great, but they seem to break easily. I take care of my products and yet somehow these havent lasted for longer than a year compared to my Razer Kraken that has lasted over 4.
The headset was comfortable, though I thought it would be bigger. Biggest set back is that it doesnt have a volume control for the ps4 controller
After owning this product for just over a year, and raving about it, I have finally come to the conclusion that this product is not for Long Term use.  The cable that connects to the sound card spins which means that the Non Coil threaded audio wire is starting to spin and coil up.  This makes me have to disconnect the Audio wire from the sound card every other day to let the the cable straighten out. This product was easily a 10/10 until this started happening.  Great audio overall!
Headset began crackling not even a month after purchase
I was very disappointed with this purchase. It didn’t live up to the hype in my opinion. They are extremely heavy and would squeeze around the ears tightly. I expected more out of this product.
Make no mistake, this not a 7.1 surround sound device.  I really wish they would call it something else to eliminate the confusion.  Ive been using the Logitech G930 headphones for the past 5 years, and they have true 7.1 surround in a headset.  I bought this device because I liked the idea of having a set of flexible headphones that could also be used with PS4 and XBONE, and while I had suspicions that the 7.1 simulated surround wouldnt be quite as good as the true 7.1 surround of my trusted G930s... I didnt expect to be so far off.  They really just sound like pretty decent stereo sound with extra reverb and slight bass boost.  Im not so disappointed that I want to return them, but I wont gaming with them on PC. If you want something decent to work with your PC and consoles, these are probably okay.  If you want true surround sound headphones, look elsewhere.
OK product when it works. Searching online, it seems like HyperX has a problem with quality control on this model. Loads of refurbished models flood the market. I have already had to return mine once for repair. It took HyperX six weeks to send a replacement. Given my experience, I likely wont buy another HyperX headset again.
I loved them when they worked. Less than 11 months later they are dead. The worst part is I only used once a week and now I get intermittent audio out of them. I have tried different controllers and other headsets and they all work but not these. I have tried the hyper x customer care with zero response. Going to call amazon.
EDIT: the aux cable has had a bend in it that I didnt notice until it got worse and now it cuts out and I cant here or talk until it randomly starts working again. I use this heavily on my xbox one s and rather lightly on my laptopbut I like how it sounds on both. sounds good but Im no audiophile. Im told I sound clear. The mic is on a sensitivity scale from 1 to 10 is a 7 or 8. Headset was to tight at first but became comfortable after a few days. Cable isnt as long as I would like but I personally like really long cables. Built very nicely to doesnt feel cheap. Very hard to change the earcups but I dont know it that was just me. Cancels out sound really well sometimes to well and I cant hear people in my house calling me. So far they are worth the money but I have only had them for a few months so Ill see how they do in the long run.
headset wont pick up microphone audio anymore, didnt even last a year. HyperX wont send a replacement sound card and the headset is conveniently out of warranty after six months. i no longer recommend HyperX to anyone.
Okish , still cant get used to the 7.1, but hey otherwise its ok. The mic is way to quite with the soundcard attached , without it unbearable for anyone hearing you on the other side.
I bought this headset to use with my ps4 however the title/description is miss leading. It is NOT fully compatible with ps4. You can plug the headset directly into the ps4 controller and it will work, but there is no way to connect the switcher so all you have is pair of headphones with no controls or amplification. I was extremely disappointed and returned the product. However if you use these for pc I’m sure they are great.
Decent headset. Comfortable and doesnt feel cheaply made. The sorround sound is okay. However has developed a buzz and the microphone is very quiet. Have to use a 3rd party program to adjust Mic output so others can hear me, dongle volume control does not do much. Used on pc.
Speaker sounds are OK, but if you play the game and need to communicate with your team, DO NOT BUY this. This headset has not sidetone which means you do not hear your own voice through speakers. If you dont hear you own voice, end up you find  your self yelling and screaming because you dont realize how loud you are when you talking. They should not put this headset as gaming headset.
I bought this headset no long ago and the left ear stopped working all of a sudden. I have to now back to my old headset and look for a new headset. These were a great set but the life of them is not ideal. Also the mic is very soft. I would have to always turn myself on Discord for friends.
sent back. Not loud enough.
Great product, but very poor customer service. I bought these twice actually. First time I purchased them, they were DOA. Customer service didnt offer to return or exchange and said I needed to pay for return shipping to them if I wanted them fixed even though I bought them brand new... So I returned to amazon prime of course, and I really enjoyed how comfortable these headphones were and tried a second set, because I really did like them. Second set works fine and no issues. If it werent for the horrible customer service, I would have rated them a 5.
The USB dongle "clip" broke after one year, then the cord on it broke the next year. They would not replace it because they only have a 2 year warranty. The USB dongle costs $29.99, one third of the price of the headphones. Save your money for a less expensive headset, you wont really need the extra features, and you can replace it for much cheaper.
I got the product but had to order on of the usb sound card
Audio settings are terrible out of the box, I dont understand why the bass is so overpowering, it causes all audio to be muddy. There was a faint static sound when I used the bass boost. In the end, I just gave them to my brother since he doesnt care about audio quality and just bought my old headset again.
I used it for 7 months as a gamer. I played a couple hours a day and treated them well. I never dropped them or treated them poorly, but my headphones had a tick and a few hours later the headphones went dead. I couldnt get them to be detected on the computer anymore and now I have a paper weight.
I love the product! Ive never had felt such comfort and the audio quality is amazing. I use them for gaming and causal listening but here comes the downside. Ive been through two pairs in the last year. The mic produced a horrible static when connected. In order to enjoy the audio quality I would have to turn my mic monitoring off. I love the product but this happened with both of my headsets in a matter of months.
I really started to love this headset. But not even 2 weeks into owning these the mic all of a sudden starts to make an unbearable noise. Sadly I will be returning these soon. I’m starting to believe there is no such thing as a perfect headset.
Very staticy at low volume levels. Kinda drives me nuts. Apart from that its pretty good.
I bought them for my son for Christmas, he spent a good amount of time reviewing many different earphones as well as brands. when he went to use them the first time, the microphone goes in and out as well it was very static. Than to top it all, after the 3rd day one earphone stopped working, if you move and bend the cable it goes in and out. My son and I were not happy, my son and I both have tried to call and once was told they would call us back, and as for when my son called they told him that his parents had to call.
Bought two. One for myself and one for my wife. The wired connections are weak and one went down the tubes then not long afterward  so had the other. Both headsets are now useless.
So comfy and would have been a great improvement from my last headset the logitech G230. But sadly the mic quality is completely garbage and constantly cuts out randomly. I might have to use my old headset if I cant fix this problem. I was pretty hype about this headset before I got it too, kinda sucks that it let me down.
The headphones itself are great! Really comfortable, and after using EqualizerAPO to adjust it to my likings, sounded really good! Problem is... just like other reviewers, the microphone is complete garbage. Right out of the box, it was constantly disconnecting. And when it did work, the volume was really low compared to my other headsets.
the sound is great but the mic isnt working correctly. It works for a little and then my friends start yelling at me because I havent been talking...when in reality ive been talking to myself for the past 3-5 minutes. if i press the mic into the headphones and hold it that way the mic will work but its brand spanking new so there is no reason i should have to do that. "Can you hear me now?" has been my go to all night. This is really disappointing.
These worked well for about 1 year. The audio was clear, and I was able to speak with crystal clear audio. They felt very comfortable on my head using my thick-framed glasses. A little over a year into owning these, multiple issues started popping up out of nowhere. The audio started sounding "wobbly", the mic stopped working completely, and the clip on the volume controller broke off. This is a solid headset for about a year, but I would expect them to last much longer for how much I paid. These are a disappointment.
Got this headset on March 21,2018 and it is now July 27,2018 and this headset is not working. What a waste of money.
You cant hear your voice when youre talking while wearing these. On top of that they dont really sound like anything special. I feel like an old pair of Turtle Beach X11s would beat their sound.
Everyone tells me to turn my mic up but you cant on these. there are programs you can download to get your levels up but why bother? these are way to expensive for having no way to control your mic level. unless you yell all the time this headset is not for you. on the plus side (which grants it a 2 star) they are comfortable and sound good, but you can get that other places.
Great headset for the first 30 days.  Then i couldnt hear anything on it and my friends couldnt hear me.  Amazon amazing support refunded me the purchase price
I really wanted to like these headphones and for certain aspects I did. The build quality is top notch and in that respect it was a huge leap from my old Audio-Technica ATH-T200s. The problem, however, lies in the overwhelmingly flat sound that is only made more grainy with the use of the 7.1 surround sound option. I initially thought that I could improve the sound by using a guide and an equalizer software but even then it doesnt measure up to my old headphones which were a full $40 dollars cheaper even when these were on sale. TL;DR: Build quality is solid. Sound quality is disappointing.
These headsets are NOTHING specially AT ALL. Literally just mediocre. They’re many others that are much better. Cloud 2’s are NOT loud enough and the USB feature DOES NOT work. Save yourself some time and think about another brand altogether. It’s my honest opinion that this company (Kingston)no longer makes superb equipment. They have clearly started caring more about margins than quality and innovation. This headset is a FAIL.
I LOVED this headset. Really. It was comfortable, great sound quality, good mic. I recommended HyperX to any of my friends who were in the market. No longer. I will never recommend this brand again. This morning, after 2 and a half years, the sound card (the part that plugs in to USB) failed. I used it the previous night, and the following morning it was dead. After some searching, it seems a lot of other people have this issue. Like A LOT of people. Check the HyperX Reddit page or search for it on Toms Hardware, they are filled with sound card failures, all occurring a couple years after purchase. This is a KNOWN and PREVALENT issue with this headset. Even so, when I called support, they would not replace the sound card for me. The warranty extends 2 year, and at 2 years and 6 months, I was not eligible for replacement. Though this is very common failure, and I was encouraged to purchase the replacement myself. If you are willing to buy a new headset (or replacement parts) every two years, this is a fine headset. If you want something that will last, look at another brand, as clearly neither Kingston or HyperX are will to stand by their product.
Pretty well made, comfortable but the microphone is always going on and off
I am not happy with these. The mic has been sooooooooo quiet since day one and nothing I can do seems to fix it. I currently have a ticket with Kingston but am not holding my breath. My 50$ plantronics set I used for 5 years worked much better.
Took them out of the box. Sound was pretty good for a virtual 7.1. Mic was already broken . Could not use
So very disappointed with these headphones for ps4.. if you plug it into your controller there is NO volume adjuster, NO mute button.... you have to manually go into your ps4 device settings to blindly adjust volume, or toggle mute on and off. If your playing a frst person shooter in an objective game mode you have zero time to adjust your volume manually. So you either take them off or have your ears blown out. If you are getting screamed at by your girlfriend and dont want the world to hear you have to unplug it completely from the controller or rip the microphone out... Plug it directly into your ps4 via usb converter you are attached to your ps4 by cord... ugh not a huge deal but bought these specifically for ps4 controller. So I try to plug them directly into my ps4 via usb and use the "Advanced audio control box" and neither volume for mic or earphone works at all, nothing. Besides that the sound sounds pretty good. Not that much better than my cheap headphones but a noticeable improvement. The quality feels and looks amazing. They are pretty comfortable. Cant get 7.1 to work proper so cant give you a real update on that. Overall so frustrating and disappointing considering how good the reviews were. Edit: had to update firmware to get 7.1. Works better but still wish I could plug it into the controller and use. From 1 star to 2
I would love to give the product 5 stars as the headset quality is very high but for Xbox One, as I now realize others have noted, you cannot mute mic or adjust headset volume without the Xbox stereo headset adapter.  That was not clear to me from the product description.  Definitely an annoying design flaw.  Ill be returning mine.
i bought this head set for my ps4 it was ok for sound  on it my other headset is better then this for the ps4 but try it  on pc rainbow six siege it above average still cheaper then astros 40s
Do yourself a favor and purchase a set of Sennheiser 598 or even the Massdrop PC37x version.  This headset is garbage compared to the 598.  These hurt my ears after wearing them for an hour and the sound is muffled.
At $100, these are just okay. They went on sale yesterday for $70, and at that price Id feel much better about my purchase. The price dropped 30% only about 20 days after buying them. I contacted the seller to ask for a refund of the difference, and they said I should instead return the original -- but only do so if I have ALL of the original packaging. Who saves packaging for 20+ days on a non-defective product? Nobody. So, looks like I am out of luck and the seller was no help. I recommend buying these on sale and never paying the $99 for them.
I love this headset - amazing sound, cancels out noise, and extremely comfortable.  So, why 2 stars and not 5? They break. Bought my first pair May 4, 2016 from an Amazon 3rd party seller.  Sound in left ear went out around October 2016.  Cause: loose wire in or around the left ear cup.  When I contacted HyperX, I found out that I wasnt covered under the warranty because the 3rd party seller listed them as used due to a slightly damaged box. I loved the headset so much that I decided to buy another one, this time at Best Buy.  Guess what...my headset is broken again.  Sound in left ear has gone out.  This time its a loose wire near the headphone jack.  I have not yet contacted HyperX, but my current headset should still be covered under their warranty. You may be thinking that I am damaging or twisting the cord in some way.  Nope!  These headphones never leave my desk.  I dont twist the cord.  I dont pull on the cord.  I dont run over the cord with my chair.  There is no possible way that I am abusing these headphones. It is very frustrating to know that the life of these $97 headsets is just one year.
It really is a great headset all around. My only issue with it and why I am giving it 3 stars is after only a year and a half last summer the left ear completely went put for no reason whatsoever. I am only now writing this review because I thought about other people who might buy the protect. Just a warning that the headset can go out and in only over a year and a half. If you want to take the risk by all means it is great until it stops working.
Very comfortable for extended use, however the right side of the headset stopped working about a year and a half after purchase. Know that these are not a long term investment, but I would purchase them again for the comfort alone.
we did not have them long at all before the connectors broke off.alot of money for them to brake
Very comfortable and would be my favorite headset if the right ear muff didnt go out. I expect a headset at this price to last longer.
The headset sound and mic work just fine. However, the cord makes the device completely unusable. It quickly becomes tangled in a tighter and tighter formation after each use. The tangle causes the connector for the mic to come out of the socket constantly making you have to reconnect mid game. I strongly recommend against this headset.
The right side of the headset stopped working. They sounded really great.
I have this headset for almost 2 years now. My impression are: - Good sound including 7.1 - Very comfy - Kingston customer service is great, my mic stopped working and when I contact them, the guarantee was still valid so they send me a new mic without cost. - The only problem is the mic, just two years using the headset and the new mic they send months ago stopped working too, I talk but nothing is received in the PC nobody can hear me, I thought it was the sound box but its not I tested it my iPhone earphones and my friends were able to hear me. My conclusions are that its a good headset but be prepared to have issues with the mic, Ive read others reviews and they complaint too, also I read other reviews from other HyperX headsets like the Revolver and the Alpha, and same concerns with the mic, so I think it is not an issue with this model, it is more an issue with the design of the microphone in all HyperX headsets.
I ordered this headset because I was looking for a durable headset for online gaming with my friends. This headset would easily be 5 stars but the microphone does not work good at all, nobody can hear you and there is no reliable fix for this issue. I have searched online and tried everything I have found but nothing works. So the headset for listening is 5 stars but since the microphone is useless I am giving them 2 stars.
Pros: comfortable to wear, acceptable sound quality Cons: a wire in the cord broke a few months in and now it disconnects whenever you bump the cord.  Also had connectivity issues when I first got it that I believe were driver issues.  Those are resolved now, but the cord issue makes it not worth using.
The mic cuts in and out, and cannot hear the opponents when gaming.  Decent, but pay a little more, and get a better set if you are a heavy gamer.  Otherwise, these are decent for the price.  I returned these with ease, and purchased a set a little pricier but I was satisfied.
Comfortable to wear but the sound quality is terrible, no software to adjust the sound I would not recomend
Plastic piece broke that connects the headphones to the frame due to normal use and Kingston refuses to replace even though it is within warranty
Kingston should just sell these as headphones and not as a headset. They should remove the microphone entirely from this product as the sound is quite fine but the microphone is garbage. The headphones are very comfortable, but if you want people to hear you clearly, and not tell you it sounds like you are talking to them whilst hanging out next to a 747 Engine on full thrust, then Id recommend another headset.I have no doubt that the issues are from the poorly implemented plug in microphone.
These headphone are ok you can definitely get a better bang for your buck I had $50 headphones and these are the same quality just looks a bit better.
I bought these headphones around two years ago. I was under the illusion that because many people had these they would be good. After the first couple of months using these, the mic stopped working and started giving off a robot sounding output. I had to order a new mic to replace it which cost $10. I continued to use these headphones for a couple more months until I got new headphones. Fast forward to present day, I plug in the headphones for 7.1 sound which is decent. The headphones work great for the first couple of days before they just stop working completely. It was the usb dongle.... Without the dongle, you have to put your head next to your computer to keep your headset plugged in. A replacement is $30!!!! I have never had this many problems with 1 headset in my life(have had around 5 for gaming)! TLDR; Headphones break when treated with care, cost you money to make sure it works, uncomfortable.
I have been used the Logitech G35, and I absolutely love them. They have 7.1 and it was amazing. When I plugged in the Cloud IIs, I did what anybody else would do... I played some music, and holy shit I had to turn my volume down. They get really really loud. I have never heard a "night and day" difference between 7.1 and non 7.1 on headphones (for the most part), but these really sound different. I started using the mic instead of my standalone mic on an arm. It sounds nice, but my friends dont care what I sound like. Mic broke after 6 months. 10/10 would buy again.
If you are looking to purchase this headset I highly recommend purchasing a separate microphone, ideally studio as there is a hardware flaw with these headphones. Essentially the audio from the headphones feedback into the microphone which can be very frustrated. I purchased 4 of these headsets and they all had the same issue, it wasnt a one time thing. On the plus side, the headphone quality is amazing, dont know of someone else that does it better, the volume can be adjusted to a lot louder than most headsets meaning it will help you out in video games. There is also a lot of bass so listening to music on it sounds great! Overall I would recommend the headset but NOT if you have intentions of using the headphones and the microphone.
The mic volume works very poorly and the cord is far too long. The rest is good.
The microphone isnt good quality. With the mic being detachable. I understand that it could lead to a worse sound quality, but its just not good. The 7.1 audio is good though.
Do not buy this headset. The microphone is sensitive to any electrical interference in your house and will buzz and have very very bad audio quality. There is no way to fix this. In the time I tried save up enough to get a better headset the return window closed. This headset will be going in the trash as soon as my other ones come in.
the microphone is TERRIBLE, none can ever hear me and I have it at the maximun level and even with a boost, and still nothing.
sound quality is worse than the 46$ pair i had before.
Worked great for the 2 months Ive had it but the cord on the ear piece  seems to be very cheap as it as come loose and now there is an annoying fuzzing noise.
Ive had three pairs of these all of them broken and when a peripheral that came with it broke as well I had to contact the manufacture which took forever!!!
Sounds nice but uncomfortable as it squeezes the head a bit too tightly. I cannot wear it for more than 30 minutes without getting a headache.
the mic sounds like a CB Radio and I get better audio with a 5$ pair of earbuds
i love everything about this headset, except for the usb 7..1 adapter.  a month in the clip on it broke, and juuust over the 2 year warranty period, the dongle stopped working.  now i have to throw 35$ down to get it replaced. nice things to say: super comfortable great sound quality great mic quality and durability (ive dropped the headset a number of times mic down, and it still holds up wonderfully)
My old wireless headset died. I didnt want to use my old Corsair Vengeance 1500s because the wrap around the headband was coming off. So, I ordered these as a new set. At first they were loud and clear. Over the space of a week, they became muddy and the volume dropped of dramatically. I checked them via the front and rear audio ports and they sound fine. I checked every Windows setting, and every volume was pegged. I tried them on my laptop, same story. The USB dongle was bad. Thinking that "Hey, just got a bad pair!". I returned them and got a replacement from Amazon. Same.Exact.Thing. Straight out of the box. With the amount of 5 star reviews this headset had, coupled with the cost, I was expecting to get a at lease a good, if not better, headset than a scrappy 7 year old Corsair Headset. I will just use the Corsair until I have the money to buy something better than this. Your mileage may vary. To Hyper-X. Get your act together and fix the QC issues with your USB dongles. If you look at all the 1 and 2 star ratings, it seems to be the USB soundcard that is the issue.
Mic has to be very close to your mouth, otherwise output volume drops significantly.
There is a huge problem with the sounds when using the built-in sound card. When I just use the 9mm jack cable it is fine, but when I want to use the microphone/7.1 sound or even just USB instead, there is a horrible hissing sound and white noise sound CONSTANTLY.
Cord tangles immediately. Will ruin headset inside of 6 months. No fix permanent fix.
Unboxed last night and wow, this is worst sound Ive ever heard from a set of $100 headphones.  Ignore the "Pro Gaming" marketing nonsense.  Sound is so hollow, its the equivalent of holding 2 soup cans to your ears on both USB and an HD 3.5mm connection. The USB 7.1 option simply makes the already neutered sound quality surround you - yay.  Every other set of headphones run on my PC sound great, so no, there is no system adjustment that needs to be made.  This headset is a fail out of the gate.  I got these to replace an aging and cracked set of Logitech G930s, but looks like ill be returning this garbage and duct taping the Logitechs.
It sounds wonderful but there is one HUGE issue, the microphone does not work due to the well known janky wiring the headset has. The main wire that connects to the headset is loose. The audio has no issue but the mic does not function.
Sound was very tinny. Mic quality was significantly worse than my Siberia v2s.
I received this headset as a Christmas gift, and it worked fine for about a week, but suddenly the speakers stopped working. The mic still worked, but I had no sound. I contacted amazon, but because it was not sold by amazon, this seller only allows something like 10 days for returns, and because it was a gift, that time had past before I received it.
I had the poor taste of buying this headset for my sons gaming PC. Was I surprised to see a Quick Start Guide that had one English sentence and a irrelevant picture alongside, and three more pages in one of the Chinese character sets that I am not really found of. But the real fun had just started.  As I plugged in the headset and microphone jack, only the left speaker was working and the microphone was dead. You may imagine the pleasure of adjusting sound devices, and chasing the internet for matching drivers. It was not fun, and unless you want to exercise your deep computer administration talents stay a way from this item.
Microphone was broken. Headphones are fantastic but poor microphone
The 7.1 function doesnt work for console and doesnt function well in PC.
earpads are too small for me.  I imagine, after wearing them for long amounts of time, that I now have a clue as to how anyone in a profession where their ears are pulled often may feel after a short time into their shift...  However, other than being a tad overpriced imho, they actually dont sound bad, they come with a detachable mic, virtual 7.1 surround sound, & a small usb sound card.  If your ears & head arent too big, & you simply want a gaming headset, these may be for you.  The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 3 or possibly 4 is price, clamping pressure, & too small for my ears.
Friends on voice chat said I sounded better than my previous headset, but I wasn’t impressed by the sound and they hurt my head to wear for more than 30 minutes, which is not ideal for gaming. Pretty disappointed given all the good reviews I read.
Buyer Beware: The headset itself works pretty great out of the box. Ive had it less than 2 years, already did a warranty exchange within the first year of getting them, and then the set I got returned, within a few months the microphone went bad. I decided id just use a separate microphone because the headphones were the important part to me. Well, now just under those 2 years, the headphones themselves are going out, the wire that goes into the unit on the bottom left ear cup is the culprit. I love the product, but it doesnt hold up for longevity. I still have sennheisers that I treated like complete trash when I was a teenager and they are in better working order than these, and these I have never damaged or treated badly other than normal use. HyperX, let me know if you want to hook a student up with an exchange even though its out of the 1 year warranty >.>
HORRIBLE!!!! Says is delivered to the specified address but guess what Sherlock Holmes, IT DIDNT. I checked the tracking website and guess what, ALL CHINESE LANGUAGE!!! 0/10-IGN
Wire inside headset snapped after couple months of use. Good Drivers, Quality of material is bad.
great sound great fit and finish. the mic is horrible I purchased this to replace my main gaming headset. To make the mic pick up my voice i have to place it almost in my mouth and yell in to it. I have done the software update for it, did not help a lot. If you enjoy eating your mic and yelling then this is the perfect headset for you.
After receiving my cloud II around a year ago it was honestly for the price a wonderful purchase. shortly after the clip to the sound card snapped off. Very easily. This doesnt bother me because I accidentally did it, but it didnt take much for it to happen. after a few months of use working perfectly my microphone cut out. It doesnt work anymore despite all the different things I tried. I have a webcam mic which isnt favourable but it worked in my Cloud IIs stead. I still used my headset because the audio was great but very recently the sound to my right side earphone has stopped. It works sometimes when I wiggle the cord but has to stay in that exact position. Im not sure if it is a pattern with these Kingston headsets or I just got dealt a bad hand but while the headset at one point was great; in the past few months it has been nothing but problem after problem leading me to probably have to look into a new headset very soon.
USB sound card stopped working after about a year. Headphones work great but are not worth $100.
Great for gaming, mediocre for music
I never write reviews for something but I figure kind of a buyer beware type deal as this has good reviews and Ive seen a lot of good praise on these. I previously had a pair of 50 dollar headphones with "7.1 surround sound" and they have far exceeded these headphones in terms of bass and overall sound quality. I bought these because I like USB headsets as opposed to 3.5mm as it just works better for my setup and I cannot stick a dedicated sound card on my MOBO as the video card overlaps it (terrible layout on the motherboard). The sound quality on these are decent but nothing overly impressive. Gaming with the 7.1 option turned on you can rarely hear footsteps (not good for you FPS players). 7.1 turned off the footsteps are clear but the sound isnt as good. If youre buying these for music listening as well I wouldnt even consider it as the bass is drowned out and you can barely hear it. Take away point is if you like a lot of bass on your headphones id recommend you look elsewhere. Oh, and the mic is extremely quiet when gaming. Im always getting told by players that my mic is low. The solution to that is to turn up the mic volume on the dedicated box each time. It happens every time I restart my computer and is not adjustable in Windows. Im disappointed in these and will most likely find another pair to use.
I really loved the Cloud 2s, they were extremely comfortable, had amazing sound quality and the 7.1 surround sound was incredible. After roughly 3-4 months of having them, the right ear blew out, 4-5 more months later and the left blew out, I am not sure if it was me being rough with them but if you order these I suggest getting a warranty.
Work well for about a month of use then one side died and just pops and crackles.
For those with young ears and acute hearing, do not buy this product. The headset I received is absolutely awesome except for one issue. When plugged in (at any volume including muted, as long as its the default device) there is an unbearable static white noise. Im not sure if this occurs in all headsets or mine is just defective but Ive tried using it on 7 different computers, all yielding the same, headaching inducing results. The firmware updates released did nothing to help this.
Comfortable and build quality is good but stay away for PS4.  Better off getting the Sony Golds since they support the surround sound.  Its very disappointing to advertise these as PS4 compatible when they know the actual features wont work.  I feel lied to and a bit ripped off.
returned it due to audio issues
Mic is pure s***
Cant use mic if using 7.1 on PS4, therefore to use fully on PS4 (mic and game volume), the 7.1 block is rendered useless so there goes audio control regarding mic volume or game volume and the IMPORTANT mute function...
This is a comfortable and decent sounding headset, but you cant use the mic mute switch if you choose to have it plugged into your controller. The sound on the right side of my headset is also starting to go out after nine months of use.
Only works in one ear a year later
3 up and 3 down in less then a year. Garbage. The cord/power unit has died on all 3.
One of the earphones fell off after about 3 months.
If your looking for just a headset for gaming these are nice. If you want to talk to anyone look elsewhere. The microphone is complete crap unless you like your microphone pressed against your lips while you talk loudly to be heard above any game sounds. Really disappointing.
Terrible Microphone, sound wasnt bad.
This item broke after three months of use and I cant locate anyone to complain or see if this is under warranty.
Had these for about one year and the mic started scratching and failing due to the a cable issue.  Started the RMA so still not sure if Im going to replace them with a steel series headset.  RMA time will determine replacement.
Sound quality is great and the build construction is pretty good. But the earcups dont rotate at all and the ear pads arent thicker towards the back of your ear which isnt too comfortable. If you have a large head like I do (6 5" 250lbs) then I would recommend getting a large headset/headphone because even at their largest size they dont completely cover my ears and there is a lot of clamping force. Overall, the headset is pretty good, especially compared to many other "gaming" headsets, but is too small for large heads. Im trying out the Philips SHP9500 + v-moda boom pro next.
These were for my teenage son, he has had trouble with people hearing him with the mic. Evidently not a lot of mic adjustments. The sound is great and they are comfortable.
Best Headset ever I have, (g35, g930, TB  EarForce 450(garbage),  lot of stereo) Please HyperX make the Headset with the same but wireless that will be more and more greatest Update: more than half year I use it and still got WAAAAAY effect PLS do Wireless version of this :) update: after 2 years, pads start destroying, for compare add 10 years old headset price 5$ no destroyed after 10 years bad quality Update : loose quality:(  after two years hyperx "leather" start destroying, for compare add one pic for some 5$ price 10 years old acme headset - no destroy
Purchased these in Feb 16, and they have been great, sounds great, nice feel, works great with the Xbox One adapter purchased at the same time, however now after nine months, the mic stopped working. Spent $10 on a replacement mic boom direct from Kingston, but that did not solve the problem. Same issue on other devices. old headset working ok, So dont know whats up.
Mic quality
Headphones are comfortable and sharp looking however the mic isnt that high qualitie and there are instances where the audio and mic just go out even with the proper drivers
Love the headset, it is by far the most comfortable one i have ever worn. However after about 13-14 months of use, i am having people tell me that my mic sounds terrible and that it constantly cuts out. Its not my PC or connection as i picked up another mic to test it out and it works fine... Id love to submit a warranty claim, but cant even find a place to do that here on amazon. If anyone has any advice on who to contact, let me know.
Sound was tinny, lacking in bass, and overall just sounded sharp and painful to listen to. Mic was very quiet and I was unable to turn up the mic volume enough so that people could clearly hear me.
After a year the right side stopped working
Good product, sounds good. Only use the 3.5mm with my xbone controller. Unfortunately the mic just stopped working after just 5 months. Im not rough with it or anything and the headphones work just fine its just the mic. Bought a replacement mic dongle for $10 to troubleshoot and still no worky. I would recommend trying to find a product with a replacement cord like my Bose have as its more than likely a cord issue.
Loved them at first but after about a month one side of the headphones started losing sound.
I purchased these headphones with high expectations and was extremely let down.  Comfort wise the headphones felt great however that wasnt my problem with them.  The sound quality was extremely subpar much lower than that of my 2-3 year old Siberia v2s.  The microphone quality was even worse.  The microphone let out a turbine-like ambient noise when used in game (CS:GO).  In the one day I used it before returning it, all of my gaming friends mentioned to me the lower quality of my microphone and how I sounded distorted.  Overall I would never recommend these headphones to anyone and have completely lost all faith in HyperX headphones.  Extremely disappointed by this purchase.
I love these headphones, except that the usb plug is loose and disconnects pretty often.  I would appreciate an exchange because I really like them otherwise.
I debated for about a little bit on what to rate this product. Over all they are great, very comfortable to play with and feels like a quality product that was until 3 days after having it some how my headset screw up and i was only able to hear out of one ear due to that my xbox would register it as chat headset randomly at first i thought it was xbox software deal cause we all know how their software always works (sarcasm). so i thought it was that then i plugged it into my computer with the tongle attachment thing it came with and what happened? audio only out of one ear. i was trying to figure out what the deal was and it turns out the wire that runs from driver to driver was some how damaged or something and it only worked when i twisted it mind you i had not thrown or done anything physical to harm this product. ill admit it got really ticked off and about to go return this right now for an exchange or store credit, more likely store credit cause im not gonna deal with that again.
Less than a year after purchasing, the microphone stopped working. Worked great up to that time.
7.1 surround does not sound good at all. Also always having issues with the mic staying connected and it is super quiet.
Ive had these headphones for about 3 months now and all of a sudden the mic stopped working on my Xbox one. Would not recomend if buying solely for the Xbox.
These are great because they feel good and sound good but Im using them for ps4 use and I am not able to turn my volume up or down at all on the small key pad with mic or headphones, I can activate the 7.1 and turn it off but one I press one of the other buttons it completely stops working
A braided cable shouldnt twist? WRONG. These did not last. Left on 1 star because good sound quality, even though the 7.1 sucked.
***PLEASE READ*** DO NOT BUY THIS HEADSET!!!! If I could give this 0 stars I would.  Bought these for CS:GO.  They are comfy, they fit nicely.  Guess what they dont do?  Work consistently!  From day one I have had issues, and finally returning them.  I tried EVERYTHING to try and fix what I thought could be a software issue.  I updated drivers, updated firmware on USB dongle, changed USB power settings, tried them in a USB HUB, tried them in my laptop dock, tried them directly in my computer.  Nothing works. The issue:  At random times, with random amounts of frequency(im talking sometimes every 10-15 seconds) your audio will cut out, like the computer shut off.  It sometimes comes back(if it does your mic wont work)  and sometimes im forced to minimize game go and disable/reenable the headset in sound properties.  As I mentioned the microphone ALWAYS goes out when this happens.  Same thing to get it to work again disable/reenable.  Furthermore, the mic will go out on its own sometimes.  Sometimes youll notice as the mic icon in game will stop appearing...sometimes you wont because itll show you talking, but no one can hear you!  Super annoying when playing competitively and trying to call out positions and you and your teammates have no clue your mic isnt working.  Same for the audio, last person alive...and sound cuts and your minimizing game to fix and get killed. I called Kingston after reading the countless other stories online that appear when you start trying to troubleshoot this hassle, and they assured me a new USB dongle would work.  It didnt, same issues and I finally am giving up and returning them.  Not worth the money for the frustration! If you dont need or care about the mic...as it does come off the headset.  Go ahead and still get them.  As I said very comfortable and great sound quality.  Such a shame they work so poorly because when they work....they are great Such a bummer of a buy
The reason for me dislike this headset is the mic pick up. I always had to boost myself to 100% on every application. The overall sound coming from it is fine and decent. Overall if your looking for a good sound quality you have it otherwise if your comms often I wouldnt recommend this product.
Headset works OK. The MIC is low, and prevents standard mic boost in windows due to its driver. Furthermore the noise cancelling aspect is very limited.
Didnt come with the leather ear cups or whatever they are made out of. My mic didnt work.
Order 4/4/2017 the cable already pulled out of the headphone piece.  Normal wear, very unusual tear.  dont expect an rma because beyone 3 months and no longer have box... bummer because everything else about the headphones was great.  Weird thing is the cable pulled out from the headphones clean.  IE.  if you could take them apart, figure out where everthing attaches etc, you could repair them...
Comfort is amazing and sound is pretty great on top of the good enough mic, however I had to buy two and now both have broken within the span of one year. Dont know if I just have really bad luck or what, One side stopped working followed by the other so I cannot honestly recommend this product if you rely on and wear phones as much as I do (about 6-10 hours a day 5 days a week).
I bought these based on glowing reviews here, but I think people are missing half the picture here.  The audio the headphones produce is excellent, and assuming you bought them for the 7.1 effects you will have to use them in USB mode using the dongle.  The 7.1 is hardware based, on a small card in the USB dongle.  But heres the rub.  When you use this in USB mode you cannot use the Windows gain setting for the microphone, its locked out in Windows settings.  You have to use the buttons on the switch.  But when you increase the gain in the mic it does almost nothing, and theres no indication how much youve increased (dB) or if its even maxed out.  Also, it resets each time you reboot or unplug the phones.  Ive done all the troubleshooting I can to resolve it (mic pointing right way, firmware up to date, Realtek drivers up to date, etc).  Granted, the microphone isnt unusable, it just has not sensitivity or gain control.  And in some applications (Skype per my research) its a chore to get the mic working above barely a whisper. Bottomline, if you buy these just for audio, they are excellent.  If you are buying them for audio AND microphone, beware.
Works well at first, but less than a year later microphone died and I started getting a lot of static in the sound. No visible damage or abuse to it. Worked alright before, but very disappointed with the length of life for the price
Great headphones if your ok with replacing them ever few months, my first pair has a wiring issue and it eventually cut out audio which is ok to happen and I used the warranty to get a new pair which has done the same exact thing. I treat my electronics good and dont abuse them so this is a very annoying inconvenience to then wait a month to get it a new one
Worked for 10 mos. How can I use the warranty on this product. I lived from the Philippines by the way. REQ674939
Microphone broke after 7 months. Headset audio is great, otherwise.
Headset audio and microphone quality were great for the majority of its lifespan, but after 6 months, fatal errors began to arise. After just a couple of months the clip on the inline controls/inline sound card snapped. While annoying because the wires are fairly long, everything else was perfectly usable. Mic port lasted about 6.5 months before dying out of nowhere, mid-use, no previous signs of failure. The entire left earphone (the side with the mic) died completely after 7 months. Probably going to look elsewhere for a headset replacement. While performance was rock solid, it only lasted 6 months before problems arose.
I bought this headset for my PS4.  What I dont like about it is there was not any kind of notice on the box or about the headphones that stated there was no mute button that works with the PS4.  If you plug the headset directly into the PS4 remote (which is what they tell you to do) there is no mute button because theres no mute button directly on the headset.  If you use the usb that has the 7.1 surround located with it, the mute button on it works sometimes and will randomly stop.  I contacted the company about the usb mute function not working, and they simply said its not meant to be used with the PS4.  If I wouldve known all of this I would not have purchased the headset.
I have problems with the mike jack staying in for some reason it keeps falling out, wishing now I had ordered a different set.
After ~1 year the microphone is cutting out. Seems to be an issue with the connection between the headsets jack and the usb connector.
Sound quality was much lower than expected. I bought this to replace Logitech G930s, which have consistently given me issues with RMA due to faulty connectors. The Surround sound is very strange, and the way that the amp controls sound creates problems when adjusting mic and sound sensitivity. Overall, not the best headset around and I actually went back to begrudgingly using the G930s due to the sound issues.
Mic on this headset only produced very low volume. Attempting to adjust on the inline volume control didnt produce more volume. Contacted tech support, they blamed the O/S, had me download a new audio driver. I did that and had the same result. I tried the headset on 2 desktop PCs, same result on both. No amount of adjustments in the audio driver software made any difference. Checked online, I see many, many others having the same issue. Will be returning. Edit: First rule of trouble shooting Kingston support.... rule out your own product first before blaming another companies product for the issue.
the lack of any type of amplification makes these guys 3 out of 5. maybe im going deaf, but the sound in game doesnt give me the realistic 7.1 surround direction that is needed especially when playing CoD
The sound quality is decent. You can easily find better studio quality headphones for this price. The microphone on this product was so horrible and quiet when compared to my old beat-up headset, that I received for 10$ at a thrift store. No one can hear me on Discord, TeamSpeak, or Skype. Nothing. The fit doesnt feel firm and slightly hangs off your ears. The "High Quality Surround Sound" is literally just a reverb setting. The headphones can barely pick-up low end frequencies and I dont even feel a bass.
the microphone is horrible and sound quality is mediocre
The sound card part on the wire where you can turn up the volume for headset and mic also Turn on 7.1 surround sound stopped working so the whole headset is useless because you connect your headset through it, so the mic and headset wont work even though its in good condition that sound card part of the wire is the problem and it feels cheap to for an important part, easily broken. That is a huge flaw in the creation of this product that something that small basically stops everything from working.
Trash product. Mute button is in a stupid and hard to click location no light indication in the dark you cant see it, would have overlooked that if it would play sound out of more than one ear. Broke less than 9 months of light use compared to my last similar priced Razer  that lasted years this sucks.
Bought these because they are supposed to be 7.1 but honestly the really are not Ive had everything from logitech to sound blaster and by far this is one of the worst sounding headsets I have ever had. Not truly surround sound either dont buy these at all.
Nothing but problem.  I year later I am buying my son a new headset, because the cable on this one is defective.  I could not figure out why it was always fading in-n-out until last week.  The end of the cable that plugs into the controller is bad; I have to fold the wire 90 degrees and tape it down for it to work correctly.  If the tape gets loose then the head phones dont work proper.  I contacted someone form the company, in the from of an email, but I have gotten no response. I buy my kids better products in the hopes they last and do not break a weeks after purchase, like the stuff I got when I was a child.  The difference was my father had to buy the cheap items.
Broke after 2 months.  Do not purchase.  Very disappointed.
I did not buy these headsets from Amazon, but providing a review for others.  I spent about an hour, spread over two days, trying to get the headset to work with my computer (Windows 7 pro 64).  I can hear volume, but the USB dongle and microphone dont work.  When I use the headset with my phone, the mic works fine.  So its definitely a PC or USB dongle issue.  Since the volume works fine (I cant adjust up or down, but the sound is present) then theres likely something wrong with the driver.  HyperX doesnt provide drivers online from their site to download, nor is there a cd in the box with drivers.  It has been an incredibly frustrating amount of time trying to uninstall / re-install drivers.  I also contacted customer support, and the guy(?) was nice but not very helpful in fixing the issue.  I returned the headphones for a full refund. That being said, the headphones were very comfortable and I am disappointed they didnt work.
Had to return my product. I bought this for my PlayStation 4. First order of business is game volume and chat volume. Being able to differentiate between these two is important to me. You are not able to do this on the PS4. It has the buttons to change them but they do not work on this console. You cant even switch game volume through the headset.  Also, the mic would stop working frequently. Id have to unplug my headset and plug it back in to get my mic back. All things considered I had to return this. For $100, this is not worth it. I am disappointed I have to give this review because the headset feels very high quality and the sound is great. You cant find real leather and metal on a headset. But for $100 I need to be able to separately change game and chat volume. Also having a functioning mic helps. For $100 stay with the PlayStation Gold Headset. Highly disappointed despite having high expectations. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU WILL BE USING It ON A PLAYSTATION 4!!!
These headphones arent worth their price. The microphone is extremely quiet and you cannot raise the volume because of the USB controls. The only thing these headphones have going for it is the decent sound quality and 7.1 surround sound. If you are going to use these headphones, its better just getting a splitter instead of using the horrible USB control dongle thing. The headphones make your ears feel squished if you have large ears (which the cloud stinger by the same company doesnt do).
While the sound quality is great and the noise cancellation is fantastic, Im weary of this product because the mic refused to work.  Upon further inspection, when I would wiggle the cord I would get feedback.  Plugged in a set of old turtle beaches into the usb dongle and violà!  I get a working mic.  I suspect it has to do with the way they were packaged, forcing the cord to bend at a strange angle.  Im sending them back as I got them via Prime now, and will attempt another pair because like I said, sound quality was great but if I have issues with the second pair, then Ill go the corsair route.
Feels very snug. Probably the best headphone purchase Ive made. The memory-foam ear covers feel so naturally good, it makes me want to sleep.... no j/k, they are extremely comfortable, but one piece of advice.... DONT USE THE SOUNDCARD/USB. If youre spending this much money on headphones, do it right. Theres one wire coming out of the headphones, the wire is very short so buy an extension (a 4-channel one), and its supposed to go into the "soundcard" and the soundcard has a USB output. This output sucks "behind" if youll pardon my french. Get a Y-Splitter (1 Female to 2 Male) 3.5mm, and connect it with your extension chord to your 3.5mm output jack on the sound card of the mobo or discrete if you bought one. DONT USE USB... its like buying a Ferrari in L.A., its a fast car, but traffic sucks. Buy one in Europe instead. EDIT: I deducted 2 stars because I was having a very simple problem with the microphone not working. After about 10 minutes, the Kingston rep basically told me that because there was a sound card involved, they couldnt help me. No apologies, no anything, and even I know that they have the knowledge to fix it or escalate it. This is how you get bad reviews.
Ive owned two of these HyperX Cloud 2 headsets over the past 2 years, they last roughly about 6-8 months and then Ive always had mine break on me. Its usually the cable that breaks and then I end up forking over more money to HyperX. Ill probably be suckered into buying a third one because then Ill just have extra parts for when it breaks again!
I have owned this heaset for over a year now and the sound is decent, but what is really stupid the mic, i had my original one break after a couple months of use. I called and asked for a replacement which I got but then it broke again last week. I then ordered a generic mic from another company and turns out that didint fit into the mic jack because its especially made just for theirs. I just got an extender for the mic today pluged it all in and nothing works. if i plug it into my keyboard it works perfectly so im pretty pissed just wasted $10 when i should have put it towards a different headset because i am not spending $15 for another mic from them that is just gonna break again in a few months.
Just returned a pair of these, as I have a very specific (apparently insane) requirement: i need the volume controls to work on PS4 and PC. I have a crappy pair of Turtle Beach P12s that work great, but theyre very low quality (mic and audio) so I was looking for an upgrade. The DAC volume controls flat out dont work on PS4, I could also never get the 7.1 to work (YouTube video show others even get the 7.1 light to turn on), AND the mute switch worked "some of the time", As in my PS4 would either not hear me at all or it wouldnt mute despite what position the incredibly small and stiff mute switch was in. Shame, they are SUPER comfortable and the audio quality was excellent.
Cant get the headphones to work with the PC.  Bought this expensive high tech head phones for my grandsons birthday and hes never used them.  Sure wish Id returned them when I could.  Hes tried to connect it to his PC, and he is a very tech savy kid, but just cannot get them to work.  Big waste of money.
Love the headphones, but the mic broke within 2 weeks so Im not sure what to grade it
These things echo. For those that bought this already, you know what im talking about. DONT BUY THIS.
This headset is good for the price with very good sound but the cable gets twisted up very easily and the control box was broken right from the get go.
Im a computer professional by trade (programmer) who plays video games and I wear a headset all day every day - I listen to music to cancel out the noise of the outside world. This headset is extremely comfortable for extended use.  I am not necessarily an audiophile - I love good sound, but I dont believe I have an ultra-discriminating ear - so I can say the sound quality itself is great, but that doesnt necessarily mean as much as someone who invests the time in full-on comparisons. One (and only) con so far is that the wire easily gets twisted, as others have said in their reviews, but this is minor. Update 08/18 - so after some time Ive found a VERY annoying quirk of this headset (enough to drop it by two stars). Because of that twisting (or perhaps its unrelated, not sure) the cord has become somewhat frayed. It doesnt look that bad but now when I shift in my chair the wrong way, the headset crackles and cuts out and I need to find the right placement of the cord to get it to come back on. It happens more and more frequently and has become such a source of frustration that I am considering getting a different headset or using an older one even though I still love the sound and noise cancellation of these headphones.
I love the sound and comfort of these headphones. The reason for the 2-star review is that the cord and connections broke down and crackled after only a couple months of use, and the microphone doesnt pick things up well.
USB DONGLE is just disappointing... The mic gets cut off... As if I got muted... Its just a terrible design. Take it out of the setup and everything works. The problem is the cable is too short. So im disappointed. i dont know why this has super high review. I use it with a mic and headphone adapter. I should also state that Ive already returned the dongle back to Hyper X. The company support was amazing and they were great. They replaced the dongle and same issue. They ended up replacing the whole headphones but same issue after a few days of full use. Pretty much, I have given up. I love the product but the dongle is so upsetting. Dont waste your time. Another friend of mine bought the same headphones. He is also having the same issue. Solution: Buy a separate mic and headphone adapter to the headphones.
My long time Sennheiser gaming headset finally broke.  A wire got worn and the mic started cutting in and out.  The ear pads were worn out as well, so it was time to search for a new pair.  The HyperX Cloud II had great reviews, and I read a lot of them, so I decided to pick them up.  Heres what I found: Pros:  The mic sounded fine.  Flexible boom is great.  Noise canceling works well.  Music sounds great on these headphones.  Very solid construction. Cons:  I did not care for the way these sealed so well around the ear.  Imagine sticking your fingers in your ear and talking. Thats how your voice sounds to yourself when wearing these.  So maybe the noise canceling worked too well?  The surround sound was barely noticeable on the games I was playing.  USB delay.  I have speakers setup so I can have sound when I take my headphones off.  Dont panic, I do turn the sound down on the speaker when gaming.  There is a noticeable delay between the USB headphone and the speakers. I ended up returning these and bought the Sennheiser PC 360 and am very happy with them.
These are just OK and meet minimum specs for the price for a gaming situation.  If they are used simply for audio listening on the computer, youll be fine but honestly spend your money on a better set. I will say these have an absolutely strong and sturdy structure and are amazingly comfortable.  But thats about as far as it goes.  The sound is OK at best, the bass frequencies dont come through as much as expected. When in a chat party your voice is super muffled because of the great noise isolation.  I think they over looked that issue when designing the headset.  So basically I found myself yelling at my partying thinking I was talking at a normal level.  Kind of annoying.
The headset is busted after after a month of regular used. 100% static sound when listening to music on my iPhone, changed to different headset, static sound gone. Not expecting this happened for a headset at this price range.
Good sound but the fit is horrible on this.  Does not extend out far enough to make it comfortable.
The sound of these headphones is great, but my friends all tell me there is a ton of static on my end when Im talking in the mic. Im using this headset with a new xbox one controller (with the headset adapter to control audio volumes easily), but my friends also said they still hear static even why I bypass the headset adapter and plug straight into the xbox controllers 3.5mm audio jack. Apparently Im not the only one with this issue either, just do a little googling for the issue.
They are comfortable for about an hour and then they get irritating. Bass is weak. Sound is good but heard crackling, only hear it on this headset. Cord is weird, it tangles itself and curls all the way up. The surround sound sounds worse than stereo.  Regardless its a good headset, but I dont think its worth more than 50 bucks.
I really want to give this headset a good rating, I really do. The sound quality and materials used in construction are great for the price. However, there are a few glaring problems. First, the mic is directional. If the mic twists even the slightest, it will pick up no sound. Second, the USB connector that comes with the set is really bad. It seems to be slightly too small and will not stay plugged in if even the slightest pressure is applied to pull on it. The headset is constantly unplugging its self if Im not careful. Additionally, every time the headset is unplugged the mics volume resets to 5% and needs to be adjusted up manually. This is quite annoying since it unplugs its self several times per day. I wish I could test it just using the headphone jack, but unfortunately the cord for that is far too short to use with my rig. If the headset did not have these serious problems, I would rate it much higher. It IS very comfortable to use even for extended periods of time, and the sound quality is quite high.
The microphone sounds kinda crappy to other players and there is no voice feedback like Turtle Beach has.
Crushes my skull! Waaaay too tight. Also, the microphone is terrible. People constantly call me out on Overwatch over the bad quality. The padding is okay and the sound quality is decent.
The headphones will fit perfectly but I havent had it for 1 week and I already have a problem. Every time I move my controller or somebody talks it make a weird electronic sound like ticks and its VERY annoying.
I loved these headphones for about a month, but after that the left head piece busted. I didnt do anything to damage or hurt it, it just gave out.. Besides that I love these headphones.
Product was great quality and sound. The mic however was terrible. Tried speaking in TeamSpeak and other users were constantly saying they couldnt hear me. Read on forums that this product has had huge mic issues. Unfortunately tech support gave me the old, "unplug it and plug it back in" bit. So, I replied "thanks but no thanks." Returned the product and will shop for a headset that is the full package. I would like to mention that this experience was with my PC and seems to be consistent with what I read about other PC users, so console experience may differ.
Loved them for a while.  Now the usb cable has failed.  Constant popping and even outright failure.  Even seems to crash some games if it goes down hard.  Tried the software update  when it first started happening and that didnt work.  Has become apparent that it is at least in part a physical failure (i.e. there if I tap certain portions of the cable the headset stops working).
...stop working 3 months in. I would stay away! ...sound great but if not working performance is negated. They are in excellent condition.--not a scratch. Go with Logitech! They will replace open box, used, or new headphones, so as long as they are in the 3 year warranty period from original purchase date. I would never by hyperX again.
Im quite disappointed with the HyperX Cloud II, which is a shame because after hours of comparing headsets on the market, I was certain Id found the perfect solution - only to be dissatisfied within minutes of putting it on. As a note - Im coming from a Sennheiser PC151, which I consider to be one of the best headsets Ive ever used - the PC151 is no longer in production and after two years of use it finally died on me. I was looking for a headset with a noise-cancelling microphone, in-line or on-ear controls, and either a USB soundcard or dual 3.5mm plugs (The Cloud II has a USB Soundcard that connects to a single 3.5mm cable.) DESIGN 3/5 - Meh, I dont care much about the style of the headset (See a photo of the PC151s to see what I mean) and Im not terribly impressed with the Cloud II. The HyperX logo is massive on both sides of the headset, the stitching in the headset band seems like a ridiculous addition, the microphone is bulbous, and the color options really didnt inspire me at all. Personally, the design has no effect on my total star rating of the headset, but its worth noting as a negative. Gotta say though, the packaging of the headset was really nice. COMFORT: 2/5 - I run hot, and I needed a headset that would be comfortable and was rated highly for comfort above all - particularly when gaming for hours. The Cloud II comes with two types of earpads - mesh and leather. Regardless of the earpad, the headset creates a lot of heat and is uncomfortable for me within minutes of having it on. The bottom of the earpads hit right at the tender part below my ears, causing a frequent uncomfortable pressure there. The headset is also very narrow compared to my Sennheisers, which created a lot of "inward" pressure from both sides. I dont think I have a large head, and many many other headsets dont create the same squeeze on my head as these have. FEATURES 3/5: The Cloud IIs feature a single, un-detachable 3.5mm cable that measures about 3ft, and a USB soundcard dongle that greatly extends the range of the cable. On the USB sound card is an in-line controller to control microphone and headset volume independently, as well as a 7.1 Surround Sound toggle button. Firstly, this means if you plug the 3.5mm jack directly into your computer, you cant use the control dongle to adjust sound. Secondly, the dongle itself uses buttons to control the two volumes independently, which directly adjust the output volumes in Windows. When you press volume up or down on your headset, it directly adjusts the Windows output volume - unlike the dongle on the Sennheisers which act as a limiter - preventing the Windows volume from changing. I would have preferred a dongle that acted as a limiter, instead of as a digital interaction with Windows that adjusted the windows volumes. SOUND: 1/5 - I was shocked, because reviews of the Cloud IIs say they have a great all around sound, but this was the final straw for me. The sound through these headphones was atrocious - specifically experienced in two situations: Listening to music, and playing PUBG. I tested these headphones on several songs, but there is a persistent hissing sound that comes from the headset when songs dont cover up that frequency. This can be tested against the song Oi-1 by Biosphere. A loud hissing sound can be heard during the initial bassline of the song, which is unheard on any other headset that I own - headsets that cost 1/2 to 1/10th the cost of the Cloud IIs. In PUBG, the Cloud IIs were equally bad. They accentuated sounds like players going prone 15 feet away over players running right past me. My gun lacked any bass notes at all and sounded like it was being fired 10 feet from my body. Perhaps this is a normal issue going from a stereo headset to a digital 7.1 Surround Sound headset, but all of the sounds in my games are completely off-kilter in unexpected ways - regardless whether the 7.1 Surround Sound was engaged on the USB sound card or not. The natural next step when faced with these issues is to download new firmware from the HyperX website... FIRMWARE SUPPORT: 1/5 - After downloading the firmware for the Cloud II headset from the HyperX website, I was met with an error message saying the latest firmware from the website was older (Version 0010) than the firmware currently installed on the headset (Version 0030). But no 0030 or newer firmware could be installed from the HyperX website. Overall, the headset was a total flop. The sound was a huge disappointment, a lack of firmware fix easily found on the website meant I couldnt fix the issues myself, the headset was really tight and uncomfortable for me - which was shocking because I purchased these specifically because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews, and the design is meh to wrap it all up. Ill be returning these for the runner up on my list of potential headsets, and will update here with whatever I settle on.
These broke in less than a year
Noise canceling almost works too well, but why we give this 1 star is within less than a year with gentle use the plastic clip that attaches the ear pad to the head band broke.  The sound quality and mic were great, but for the money this shouldnt fall apart after 9 months.  We duct taped it together, and it still functions, but is totally uncomfortable now.
I Originally loved this headset. Ive taken good care of it and made sure that nothing happened to it. I had an issue were one ear stopped playing about 6-8 months after purchase but got a new replacement (Was really happy at the time as it was just out of warranty). So now about the same amount of time passed with even better care taken towards this one and the audio randomly got choppy. I would have to stay motionless for it to stay connected and if i moved at all it would disconnect and reconnect. Needless to say I think it is designed to stop working after a set amount of time to force you to buy again. I used afterglow wireless headset for 2 year before my fat head broke it and wanted to upgrade but now realizing that this is a great quality headset with a kill-switch at 6-12 month area.
Headset was solid and sounded great, while it lasted. After less than a year of use it has worn out. There is some sort of short in the braided wire and now I can no longer get any sound out of it. For the price I expected it to last longer.
Honestly feels a little uncomfortable for me, kinda expected better given the other reviews, but oh well...
Bought this in March of 16 and it already broke. I was casually playing on the PS4 when the right earpiece just quit on me and went silent. I tried reconnecting, restarting the PS4, and all other cords and connections seemed fine, but no sound. This is sad because the manufacture and fit seemed great and mic quality was perfect. Wish there was a logical reason for it to just go lemon on me.
Worked great for a few months but has now stopped working so well. It has connection issues and sometimes doesnt connect, and the mic doesnt pickup unless its basically inside my mouth. Was so excited for this as my first real headset but am just super disappointed now.
Mic is not good + the sound.
Had them a month and the left ear is already getting fuzy.
These are very comfortable but do not block out noise. I bought these after seeing the review on Reddit about the guy whos neighbor was saluted and I am disappointed. If you are not looking for something that blocks out sound I would recommend them.
The quality of the audio and the pads are the best i experience but the MIC board that is inside of the left speaker its so cheap that without falls the board stop working i try with others plugs and no Audio recorded, The Original Attached MIC that come with the Headset work in my computer so i use the detached mic with a external extension cable.
This headset is SUPER comfortable, but my gaming group says the microphone is super quiet. Theyve turned me up so they can hear me, but my last headset (which was about half the cost) had a microphone that picked up my voice beautifully. If youre soft spoken, consider a different headset.
The issue with this headset is the microphone. You cannot adjust the volume inside Windows, it can only be done in the external sound card. I had to bring the mic close to my mouth and when you do that they can hear you breathing which is not okay. Had to install and external software that allowed to to raise the volume of the microphone. Dealt with that issue for about a couple of days until I decided to get a refund.  I was not expecting any issues with a Kingston product. First time in my life I have been disappointed by them.
**Ok wow, the sound box died within 3 months of using it, and theres no separate mic jack, so the headset it basically dead weight now. I literally cannot believe how poorly made the soundbox is, and now Im out 80 bucks. Nice.**
The speaker is missing some pieces such as the speaker, the small plug and the microphone
Got two replacement on headset with same issue. Microphone doesnt work at times
I could not get them to work for me.  There is a very well known, and documented, issue with these.  I wanted to love them based on reviews I had read, but I cant recommend them.
I can honestly say this is the worst headset Ive ever bought. The sound quality isnt all that great at all. Microphone quality is sub-par. Its also extremely quiet with no way to boost the volume except for the usb control youre given, but my friends still said it sounded like i was whispering even when it was on full blast. You cant change the mic volume in the computers recording settings either since they decided to use a usb soundcard with no way to bypass unless you download third-party software. I contacted customer support about this, and they said they would send me a new microphone if i returned the one I had. I replied saying I didnt think that would fix the issue since many other people had this problem as well. They didnt reply ever again after that. What great customer support. Thats when I decided to return the headset, continue using my audio technicas and buy a $7 zalman microphone, which is ridiculously better than this piece of garbage.
Overall good sound and comfort, but only lasted 18 months before heavy static started playing.  No visible damage to it or the cord.
I purchased this for Christmas 2016.  My son started having problems with it in March - the microphone started cutting in and out.  Now it is no longer functional.  I am very disappointed.
I want to start off by saying that I am extremely picky when it comes to headsets because I want quality sound. I also have sensitive hears to pressure. Ill start off by listing the pros and cons for this headset: Pros: Detachable Mic Extremely well build comfortable ear pieces. Great sound. The frame is durable and hardy. Cons: The USB dongle is a plastic piece of junk. Who is it for? I would only recommend purchasing this headset if you plan to NOT use the dongle. I havent even owned the headset for a year, and this is the SECOND time the USB Dongle has broken. The first time, I completely lost audio and the second I hear a constant popping static noise with it. The first time, they replaced my USB Dongle, but hey wanted me to ship back the dongle, which would cost more for me to ship it to them than for them to make a dongle, which I find utterly ridiculous. Long story short, I absolutely love the headset, but I cannot recommend purchasing it until they make a better quality dongle. I will also never purchase anything from this company again due to their short sighted nature when it comes to wanting me to send back a cord where I have to pay for shipping. I feel like they do not back their product. I do hope that if you HAVE purchased this already, then you have no issues with your USB dongle. Thank you for your time for reading. I hope this helped!
Got these a few days ago and Ive had these issues from the start. 1. Faint popping/clicking sound on both sides that I can hear every few seconds when its silent, even when completely unplugged from everything, so not a USB sound card problem, something else. Not noticeable while gaming but it makes me want to take them off if theres nothing playing through them. Very irritating even though its not loud. 2. And maybe this is the cause of #1, the cord going into the earcup is very loose. It spins a little and moves in and out a little, which I can sometimes hear as I turn my head (not the same sound as #1). I had a pair of the Cloud Is and even though that was spot where they eventually broke (mic and mic control box broke quickly on those), they were never this loose, so Im worried these will break soon. On a side note, the mic is working well so far. The 7.1 is useless. Not as initially happy with these as I was with the Cloud Is I had, not sure what Ill do yet. Hope I dont have to pay for shipping to have these replaced, Ive paid enough. UPDATE: Welp.. Its been about 9 months and the left side is starting to fail, so now Ive submitted a warranty request with Kingston. Im not happy about having to do this, these headsets are held together by scotch tape and chewing gum on the inside. Ill see how smoothly the replacement process is, but its not likely that ill purchase another HyperX headset.
Great headset for under $100. They sound great and fit nicely with a solid construction. I did a lot of research on this headset with a bunch a reviews. The one thing that annoys me the most though is the in line volume controls are about useless.. one side controls the mic volume which you never need to mess with and is control within the programs on the computer. They cant be used for consoles since it doesnt cross over to them. The volume control is both chat and system volume in one. That is where they screwed up on this headset in my opinion. None of the reviews I watched and read covered this and if I had known I more than likely would have leaned toward one of the other 7.1 digital headsets that had separate chat and volume controls. I hope they come out with a second option for this were they trade the mic control for a separate chat from system/game volume. I am current debating on just dealing with it or buying a 3.5 extension to just by pass the usb and use the built in sound card on my mother board to achieve the 7.1 digital surround which can be done if you know how and the built in is capable.
I ordered this on June 2015, and a year later it started giving me a headache. On October 2016 the USB dongle cables became loose and it would work only sometimes. So i go the $30 dollar dongle. Now the mic has the same problem and it will only work sometimes. So It was $93 for the headset plus $30 for the REPLACEMENT USB dongle and now its gonna be $10 for the REPLACEMENT detachable mic. Headphone has been always under great care, never abused and shows no signs of it. Looks perfectly new yet all the accessories for it are giving me problems. I CANT WAIT TO SEE WHAT WILL BECOME DAMAGED NEXT.
I have received the product and its package was open. Once I took the product of the box, Ive noticed a strange grey tape on the headset cables plug-in. When I took it off, I found out it was actually broken. Im returning the product and do not think on buying it again.
Well, true story here, apparently my wife told me there was a female that got kidnapped just at the corner of my house. My wife heard screaming and yelling. Thing is....I was playing a game (more likely overwatch) and did not hear a thing. Noise isolating...quite indeed. Also, need to isolate yourself from someone yelling at you...buy these. Reason for 3 star, well since Ive purchased these months would go by and the headphones would stop working (USB plugging and unplugging sound). Did some troubleshooting and found that the "sound control" was loose where the cord goes into it. I emailed support and they sent me a new one. A few months later...it happened again...same spot...same location. So now Im on my 3rd "sound card" plug. Im totally afraid its going to happen again...however....its been going good so far. end notes: The female that was kidnapped apparently is fine. We were told by the cops that they did find her and drugs were involved. Not sure what they were doing at the corner of my house since I live in a supposedly nice neighborhood.
The headset is great and has an incredible build quality. The problem is the cord. It is very quiet and you cannot conrol the volume. Luckily I took the cord from my old turtle beach p12 and plugged it into this headset and I was blown away at the sound quality. I could control the volume and bass. This would be a great headset if the cord that came with it actually functioned as it should. I wouldnt recommend this headset unless you have another cord to adjust the volume/bass.
owned it for 3 days, the mic stopped working, I returned it.
Broke after a few months of light use.
Broke within a month of the purchase.
Worked ok until the right ear piece went out. Contacted Kingston for RMA only to be told through email it is no longer covered by the warranty. I now have a $99 paper weight. Tried to follow up with customer service through email only to be ignored. Ive always supported Kingston but unfortunately i will no longer do so
All though the headset is comfortable and sturdy, the USB feature and volume for this headset is super low even directly wired to my controller with everything toggled to higher volume in settings.
Awesome at first, but in a year and a half the right channel is already out and after trying to get a hold of customer service and receiving no response im stuck with a 100 doller paper weight. Also Ps4 buyers beware the 3.5mm connections have issues with the controller so you must use the usb sound card or be hated by everyone in your party. Which blows cause now your tied to the length of that cable and the 7.1 sound card barley works with the ps4 to begin with you press the button hoping for some sweet sound but the light stays off meaning its not engaged so its basically useless unless its used for PC. ill update this review if i ever hear anything from customer service.
The headphones are cool, the sound is amazing if you connect it by the 3.5 mm cable. but if you use the usb on ps4 the sound is lower but more fluid, however the 7.1 and the mute switch stop working if you press any of the volume button (the headset/mic volume). I think that I could pay 20 extra dollars for something better
I treat my technology like fine china, Im so very gentle with it. I cant stand anything if they break. Dont buy these hunk of junk headphones. Ive had TWO break on me 1. left headphone went  2. wire was broken so could only hear background noise. Their customer support sucks and they make u pay for shipping and replacement fees. Piece of crap tech
Mic didnt work with windows because with the dongle plugged in the windows sound setting doesnt allow to increase the sensitivity. On windows it stays at 0. So then you need to keep the mic on your lips. Good for PS4 but not for pc. Returned them and bought creative sound blasterx h7 tournament edition for $100
I thought I would be a fan of these because of the modular MIC but the headphones themselves are horrible. For one thing, they dont expand well for large heads. They seriously made them for small or medium sized heads. They also clamp down pretty hard because they are being stretched from a large head so I get a headache after only 30mins of usage. I have used these with 4 sound sources connected to my PC, the HyperX USB that is included, Audigy onboard sound card, ASUS Xonar DS sound card, and Creative Labs X-Fi Dolby USB. The included USB sound card was absolute garbage! I stopped using it after 30 mins. The other 3 sound sources all produced similar quality sound which was very disappointing. The mids and bass are almost non-existent. The Creative Labs X-FI had software which I used to tweak the sound but it still failed to produce any quality mid or bass. I gave it 2 stars because the build quality of these headphones are solid. I am impressed how well they are constructed. I do not recommend these to anyone for anything at all. Youd be happier with headphones cheaper than these.
Audio cuts out. Sound is flat, seems muffled or distant. Others have trouble hearing me over voice chat.
Known sound problems on loud that have never been fixed.
if you buy this for ps4 is worth it but if you want it for the pc dont buy it, is not going to work. Also, no one will help you out
I bought it to have an alternative to my turtlebeach wireless. First i plug the usb into my ps4 and found out that you can NOT adjust the voice chat or game volume with the inline eq . You actually have to not use the inline eq volume part and plug into your controller. Yes you forgo the best part of this and plug it into the controller like a 9$ cheap POS. So during your game you have to tell everyone you are playing with to stop playing so you can go into the ps4 settings and the game settings to adjust the game volume,chat volume,and mic volume. Why market it to ps4 if it has to be taken apart and plugged into your mic and lose all adjustment inline.
**TL;DR:** Kingston sent me a faulty USB replacement and now expect me to buy a new $30 replacement that does not come with a warranty. About 6 months ago I had to replace the USB dongle that came with my Kingston Cloud 2 Hyper X headset. Mind you, this headset is great. Ive loved it every moment Ive had it, and thankfully was able to get the dongle replaced -right- at the end of warranty. Ive had it for 2 1/2 years now. Mind you, the -headset- itself is great. The Dongle? The dongle is garbage. This USB soundcard that comes with the headset works great when it wants to - my first one lasted two years before the audio jack in it broke. This new one they sent me fizzled out this morning. I dont know what caused it but after some extensive troubleshooting and research on google I come across a post that states: > There is a design flaw with the inline soundcard that they decided to put in that box. Ive spoken with many parts dealers and they have all confirmed that they get a lot of returns all based around the same flaw. If one day out of the blue windows hits you with " Device Descriptor Request Failed" dont bother searching for a fix because more than likely your USB box has failed (test this by plugging your headphones 3.5mm into something, they will work). This is exactly the problem Im having. My headset works. My USB? "Device Descriptor Request Failed". So I contact customer service and they send me to tech support, who tell me "too bad, so sad, buy a new one". I ask if the dongles come with a warranty as well. No. So in the end, they expect me to pay $30 for a replacement that, as far as I can tell, has a not-uncommon rate of failure, with no promise to replace it beyond 30 days. Ill pass. If anyone knows of something I could get to replace this dongle that doesnt involve buying from Kingston, Id appreciate hearing it, because Im not going back.
The chord that attaches directly to the headset broke on its own in two months...
To be honest, the quality and mic itself is not a bad piece of equipment. What sucks is no matter what voice chat I use on PC gaming it leads to my voice sounding muffled and none of my friends can hear me. There is no drivers or software to help fix the sound settings. Two stars. would not buy again :|
The headphones alone are phenomenal. The USB driver gives really crisp clean audio and using the surround sound 7.1 option adds a noticable boost to the quality of the audio. The cups are soft and block out background noise very well. They never feel encumbering and in my experience dont get sweaty or cause pain after extended use. The microphone however.. is grade-A garbage. It feels like it was a low quality add-on that was shoehorned in to be able to say it was a feature on the box. The microphone volume is perpetually low and will leave anyone youre talking to repeating, "What?" and "Say again" to you. There is virtually no support for this outside of third party programs (and even that is iffy) and if you need proof of this google "HyperX Cloud 2 microphone volume" and look up ALL the complaints. Im giving it 3 stars because it IS a great pair of headphones, but the microphone is trash. So depending on your use, youll get a lot of mileage.
This is the most comfortable headset that I have ever owned, it fits tight its extremely light and it does well with keeping sound out.  But its not worth paying the amount they are asking it has a lot of parts that fail on it constantly.  I had the USB dongle fail almost 4 months in and had to contact the company to get a new one.  Credit to Kingston for making it an easy task.  Last night my microphone stopped working on the headset and I have just decided to purchase a desktop mic in its place.  So far its been an amazing Headset with really good sound but its parts are extremely cheap.
Poor Sound Quality compared to past headsets i have owned. I also found the USB dongle to be quite bulky and the buttons are hard to push
I got these in Pink. Overall they are okay but, if you have windows 10 there is a known issue with the mic volume control. It doesnt work. Im usually asked to speak up. There is a post about it on Microsoft forums. People looking for help with no success.
the mic is really quiet and noisy. wasted 100 dollars because i thought i could get better quality. just go for the hyperx cloud stinger.
Ive had to buy 2 replacement USB dongles because they stopped working. I may be at fault here because I travel a lot with my setup, but I paid a little extra for these expecting them to hold up.
Comfy, good quailty, But it is fragile AF I broke both the ones I bought. And I NEVER break things. Not worth it, and a tad over priced too.
Great headphones all around except 1 problem... The right earpiece on my headset stopped working about a month after I bought these. I could get it to work by fiddling with it (tapping it lightly) until this week when it just stopped working altogether. DO NOT buy, will be trash a month after you buy it.
This headsets are very nice, the 7.1 virtual surrond sound is good and the sound quality is real good. but the mic is very very bad and the quality of the cable is very bad after having them for almost 6 months and now i cant use them well because the cable must be in a especific position for both headphones to sound.
I feel sad to return this headset as I began to love it after a few days of use.  The headset is very comfortable to wear for my big head.  I have wireless Lucidsound L30 as well, but its too tight for my head, and I barely use it.  I also have PS Gold headset, which I love, but its broken in half now.. The reason Im returning this is due to the microphone.  Sometimes it would work, but sometimes it doesnt not.  I tested the mic with PS4, adjusted the chat volume, then started the game up.  I can chat here and there, then 5-10 into the game, then my friends are not responding to me; checked the mic through PS4 Devices, the mic is not working again!!  If Im not caring for the mic, I would have kept this headset for the longest time.  I even bought the 3-yrs SquareTrade warranty for this too!
Microphone input consistently cuts out. I have tried many solutions and nothing has fixed it.
Very disappointed with this purchase. I bought my husband the same exact set for Christmas from the same seller, same price, but it was much higher quality. The set I received was made with lighter material and the microphone does not fit snuggly into the port, so it often loses connection. I end up having to use my husbands microphone. The ear pieces fit loosely over my ears. My husband also tried them on and they felt loose on him as well. I hope they stop compromising on the quality while charging the same price.
I own three pairs of HyperX headphones and all three have failed at the same point. The core problem is the wiring that leads from the headphone to the component you plug into. In two cases the wire for one of the headphones broke so only one headphone and the mic worked. On the third set, the mic wire broke. To fix this problem, the manufacturer needs to install a 2.5 mm female jack at the base of the headphone and send a replaceable male to male cable that can be replaced if the cable goes bad which is the leading cause of headphone failure. Instead, the company seems to want you to replace the whole headphone. If this simple change were made, I would not hesitate to rate this product with five stars. But since all of mine went bad within six months, they are lucky to get a two star review. Instead of replacing my headphones again, I have been trying converting the hard wired cable to a female adapter and replaceable cord. A wiring map from the company would be helpful.
Volume controls will not work on PS4 and it is not wireless.
These headphones have the potential to possibly be best bang for your buck. However, the usb to 3.5mm controller that you use when connecting to a computer has a shoddy connection at best. When using with my PS4 or Xbox One these headphones work great but when connecting to the computer it becomes an arduous task to get continuous sound from both speakers, especially when in 7.1 surround mode, it takes multiples tries to find the perfect position to get the sound working right and if you move anything in the slightest you have to start all over, quite annoying. The comfort and sound isolation from these are killer but the almost constant static and disconnect when using on a PC is just too much and I end up using lesser quality Bluetooth headphones on PC for ease of use and frustration free operation. If the USB controller worked consistently these headphones would receive a 4.5 to 5 star rating, and if you only use for console then these are by far the best for the money(at least compared to similar sub $100 headphones Ive tried). Ive been told the mic sounds very clear, although Im also told it picks up a lot of unwanted noise as well and as easy as it is to remove the mic it would be nice to have a mute button when wanting to silence the mic and not annoy your friends.
Less than 5 months of having this and carefully using it everyday and its already broken. I am not able to hear out of the left side and friends complain of a buzzing noise whenever i talk to them. Physically its fine but now its just a regular over the top headphones to me.
The clip on the USB dongle broke within a day and the right side driver stopped working after less than a year of use. I typically take very good care of my products, especially ones priced like this one. I have to say that this is also the most comfortable headset Ive ever used. The microphone was praised by many of my friends and the sound quality was decent, not good, but acceptable. I would only suggest getting these if you want absolute comfort. If you want something with more build quality and one that will last a lot longer, look for something else.
The microphone simply just does not work with PC. Sometimes it will work, but crappy quality and will sometimes cut out. Great sound, but the worst mic experience Ive yet to run into.
I bought this in sept of 2016.  The headset worked great right up until it didnt. Now when i talk people get lots of static and Im too quiet to hear. Ive only owned this 8 months. Ive purchased $20 headsets that lasted longer.
I got these for Christmas as they had been on my list to get for a while.  Sometime in February the right headset just quit working, after about 3 weeks of use.  This morning, I put on the headset (Id been using the left as it was better then nothing), and that one no longer works.  The mic is still working, for what that is worth.  I would return them if I had purchased them, but since they were a gift, I am stuck.
After 8 months the left ear piece stopped producing audio :(. I expected this headset to last much longer. The wiring for the 3.5mm headphone jack is very thin and cheap. If the wiring didnt break this is easily a 4 star headset but I cant give it a high rating because it wasnt built to last.
Quality control needs to be better on this product.  Im giving it another star because of the comfort, which was amazing.  I actually think they are the most comfortable headphones Ive ever worn.  That being said, if you plug them into your PC using the usb adapter you get radio signals broadcasted through your microphone.  Somewhere in the line to the usb dongle, or from the dongle to the PC there is a flaw.  I requested a replacement, which was super fast, got that and SAME issue.  Well I returned for a full refund and will stay away from now on, was pretty bummed not gonna lie.  Went ahead and bought a different pair from another company and am super happy with what I have
Its okay.  I thought they would be really comfy, but its still pretty generic headset wise.  Because of how the dongle works, it has a lot of problems with Rainbow Six Siege, so I cant use VOIP at all.  On top of this, the dongle/headset jack will cut out if it moves at all, and I have to play with it to get sound back; after this, I have to restart programs like Mumble to get sound/voice back.  Would not recommend.
no sidetone
did not work with my PS4
3 stars these are the most comfortable headphones i have ever bought now for the bad part is the others in chat with me cant hear me unless they turn me all the way up in settings, and the bass is way to low for me almost non at all the USB sound card is crap i think and the clip broke in just one week of use if thees had a bass boost then i thik 4-5 stars easy only reason it gets 3 stars is for how damn comfortable they are.
Best headset Ive owned... but.. the USB soundcard it came with caused static from day 1, a very known widespread issue, & eventually stopped working after a few months. The catch? The replacement is $30... for a cheap & faulty "USB" soundcard. The safeguard (or for me the fix)? $60 soundcard with 7.1 dolby surround sound.
Im writing this review less than a year after buying this headset. At first I wouldve been happy to give this headset a 3 or 4 out of 5. Comfortable design albeit a short cord for the headset, and nothing mind blowing about the sound but good for what your paying. Now 1 star is  the best Ill give this product seeing as how about 6 months in the left ear cup lost all sound(not a huge deal I tend to waer my headsets offest anyways so I can hear around the house) and as of today, April 18. 2017 the headset has stopped working completely. It seems the cord running into the headset comes loose cuasing the connection to fade in and out till its gone altogether. My advice, if your gonna spend money on a headset save up and get a quality model. Oh well onto another headset.
The headset is comfortable and comes with an additional set of cloth covers, but they are super hard to put on. It took me forever to get them on. The 7.1 setting is easy to turn off and on with the push of a button, but its too bass-y when playing most games so I turn it off. Makes hearing foot steps hard in PUBG and Overwatch. The sound is good otherwise. The microphone is awful. Ive tried everything to make it sound better in Discord but no one can really hear me and Ive got no other option to replace it without paying a ton of money to get another microphone. I will just have to live with it I guess. When not using the mic or the 7.1 setting its a very cozy headset. Shame that the mic is so bad!
Extremely comfy and freeway sounds.  However gaming Mic is absolutely terrible
While using USB, which is why I went up a model, you will not be able to adjust the microphone level without installing a 3rd party app. I spoke with tech support and they confirmed this as an issue. Even after I installed APOEqualizer, it was louder but the sound quality suffered. People on the other end said it sounded high pitched and "pingy". I do not recommend this headset, there are cheaper better models out there.
It is kind of tight on my head even after adjusting the cup settings, it squeezes way to hard on the top of my head, and on the sides as well.
its okay, i think this because it broke only after 1 year to do to the audio jack bending for no reason. I have no idea what happened as all i was using them for was to watch Youtube videos and to play video games on my computer and Xbox. now only one side of the headphones work, and i dont think theres a way to fix it. if you have a kindle fire, then it might take a little bit of trouble to get these to work.
Lasted less than 3 months.  Died in the middle of a gaming session--no sound, no microphone.  Computer reverted back to speakers because the headset doesnt even register as plugged in.
I really like these headphones.  The sound great and fit nicely, and they look good too.  I purchased these at Frys last September and just yesterday they started misbehaving.  The connection at the control box is bad, so I keep losing connection.  Very frustrating for a rather expensive set of headphones.  I have requested an RMA, but I felt compelled to share my experience here.  If I get my replacement set without any hassle I might come back and give another star. Second control box failed within a few months - super pissed off at the quality....
Bought these for my sons birthday and the top band that helps keep tension on the headphone earpieces has worn out in under 4 months. Now they just fall off and dont hold firm to head. Not very durable. Usually buy the cheap headphones and they last up to 2-3 years. Very disappointed.
The headset itself feels really good, the sound quality is decent, and the wire is really long which is nice. However the microphone is the most annoying microphone I have ever had. It is one directional so you have to put it super close to your mouth in order for people to hear you well but then its so close to your face that they can hear you breathing through your nose and im not a heavy breather at all. The mic is detachable so I just unplugged it and bought a nice separate microphone.
Stopped working after 2 months and now Im unable to return it. Would never purchase from this company again.
The only description given was that it would come repackaged and has a small imperfection towards the front of the package, however the item was missing the cloth ear pads which normally come with original packaging. I figured they only took all of the components from the original packaging and repackaged that. The "small imperfection" was not describes and when the packaged arrived i was surprised at the clamp on the back of the sound card being broken off and there being break in the braiding of the cord. :( The product its self is really nice but i would have liked it to come with the cloth ear pads and the wire braid to not have been broken.
Good headset but sadly broke from the right side :(
Microphone failed after 6 months and 2 weeks, on a 6 month warranty, even after babying the headset the whole time.
Its alright. The material they used is solid and will likely last years compared to other headsets on the market that use brittle plastic. But if you are looking for top notch audio - keep looking. My old Logitech g35 ($60 4 years ago) had better sound quality than this. The 7.1 sounds slightly muffled & is terrible for gaming where sound is critical; 5.1 is standard quality at best..... Its not as great as everyone makes it seem. Just get the $80 5.1 only version of this
The jack started ripping apart. Just 11 days after my nephew got it.
Produced accurate, deep sound when it worked. However, after a couple weeks of normal use, the headphones dont play all the in-game frequencies, meaning half of the audio is filtered out. I fiddled around with the chord attached to the usb adapter/volume changer to determine it was the issue. Would be okay after a year of use, but only after a couple weeks I consider it a disappointment, especially given the price point.
What kills me is these headphones are amazing but they keep breaking. Kingston was great about replacing, but Ive been through 2 headsets in a year. After 4-6 months the USB soundcard just starts disconnecting for no particular reason. The headphones will work if I dont use the USB, but Id much prefer the 7.1 and the longer wire. Its sad that Im spending 100 dollars for headphones that last, at best, maybe half of a year. And I am careful with these. No breaks in the wire, No frays. No kinks. Its really annoying and Im disappointed.
Had to return it. Sound quality was much worse than my old turtle beaches.
Great quality headphones, although for the money I expected more Bass. Dont get me wrong the sound is crystal clear, but there is no feel to the sound. The mic quality is pretty good, but I feel as though it could be more clear, for the money these should be priced more like $50 rather than a $100.
I wanted so badly to like these headphones. This headphone had all the right stuff: Comfortable to wear for long periods - simulated surround sound for music, movies, etc. - and a boom microphone I could use for my voice dictation, word-to-text transcriptions, Skype calls, etc. Everything I was looking for.  Sadly, the HyperX Cloud II fell short in one crucial area - the microphone (specifically when used through the USB dongle).  It was fine if used without the USB dongle, but I bought these specifically to use with the dongle to get the surround sound effect. Once the dongle was inserted into the line, the microphone was barely audible.  Because the dongle includes its own sound card, Windows automatically disables the operating systems ability to adjust or boost the mic volume when the dongle is in use - volume adjustment must be done by the USB sound card.  Sadly this did not work well (I am certain that the low volume and lack of amplification for the mic is a design flaw in the sound card within the dongle, not a defect in the product). On the plus side, I can honestly say that this is one of the most comfortable headphones I have tried.  They would be wearable for long periods of time without fatigue.  They come with two different sets of ear cup pads, so you can decide which type is most comfortable.  They also had good sound quality when playing music and movies in either in the stereo or simulated surround modes. Definitely a robust product and would be worth the $100 asking price if the microphone performed better in all dongle-equipped modes.  Sadly, because of the microphones shortcomings, I decided to return them to search for a different set of headphones.
Very disappointed.  Not even a year and the microphone has stopped working.  I was happy with them up to this point.  Bought another pair for a friend and one of the earpieces failed.  I am going to say if you want a long lasting headset than you may need to reconsider these headsets.  Which actually makes me sad to say because otherwise they are a good headset.
Headset was good until now (6 months ago from my purchase) the right cup just gave out when I was just chatting with friends.
The sound on this headset is incredible, this headset is easily one of the most comfy ones Ive ever put on. But this headset has one huge flaw, there is no mic monitoring, so I cant hear my own voice through the headset. Now normally this wouldnt be too much of a problem if the headset wasnt almost completely noise cancelling. I tend to find myself talking way too loud and doing this weird stutter thing(keep in mind I dont have a speech impediment). I believe this headset would be the best if not one of the best on the market if mic monitoring were a feature it had. If you have a headset at the moment that allows you to hear your own voice and are looking to upgrade to this headset, DO NOT do it.The microphone on this headset feels like a secondary feature that the creators didnt put much effort into, this is also very evident in the quality of the microphone(The quality is trash). Making the change to no mic monitoring is very hard to do, Ive already requested a return and used the return money to pitch in to Astro A40trs. The HyperX Cloud IIs are the ideal if not the perfect choice if you have an external microphone.
Works well, but mine has popping noises occasionally.
I just cannot believe this happened. Theres a reason why life sucks.
Headset is comfortable and packaging was great, which does nothing to affect performance. I purchased this headset specifically for my PS4. While the headset does work on the PS4, the volume control built into the headset does nothing for the volume. I do not know if this part of the headset is damaged or if this headset is not 100% compatible with PS4. Either way the volume max on the PS4 is extremely low, which makes these headphones not worth purchasing if you are wanting to use them for gaming.
While I have no complaints regarding the playback sound quality, and the packaging and provided protective bag were quite nice, this product has two serious issues that have earned it a one star rating. The first is the way the USB dongle/volume control completely takes away the users ability to adjust the mic input volume in Windows. The dB level in the Headset Microphone Properties window shows that the mic level is locked at 0.0 db and can NOT be changed. This is BS. It is MY computer, so I should be able to adjust the mic input level as needed, when the level controlled by the dongle is insufficient. Dear Kingston Technology, taking away the users ability to have full control over a PC peripheral is a serious D-move, regardless of the makers reason for coding such a "feature". Different PC/hardware configurations are going to have different characteristics, so the USER needs to retain the option to make input/output level adjustments, no matter how perfect you think your product is. To bypass this "feature" when using the USB volume/mic level controller, Kinsgston kindly provides a dual plug headphone & mic audio splitter...that is not properly sized wide enough to plug into either the volume controller of my Logicool/tech speakers, nor the front panel of my PC case. See the attached pics. Nice job, Kingston. (o_O) Until Kingston gets these issues sorted out, do not waste your money on these headphones when there are better options available.
Quality control issue or something, as a flood of negative reviews are suddenly coming in. Ordered these headphones after so many quality you-tuber reviews and seeing the number of reviews on here of people liking them. Received them for Christmas and they sound TERRIBLE. Bass isnt there at all, mids are non-existant and the highs are very weak. Sound like $10 cheapo specials from wallmart or something, not near work the $64 I paid on black Friday and its insanely poor sound to be asking the regular $100 I HIGHLY recommend the G633 over these for people upgrading from an old G930 headiest I came from the Logitech G930 pair of headhpones and the sound and driver was such a step down, I decided to return these to amazon, and I went and bought the new logitech G633 wired headset. They use the same drivers and speakers from the G930 but add more features as well as an updated design. I HIGHLY recommend the G633 over these for people upgrading from an old G930 headiest.
Lasted a little over a month, so I couldnt return them unfortunately. My computer doesnt identify the USB being plugged in and the mic cuts off almost immediately. I followed the troubleshooting steps on their websites which was unsuccessful. I really would like a refund, or at the very least a replacement because I am very bothered for paying almost 100 dollars for something I kept very good care of.
It was great while it lasted, yet less than 1 year and half later - getting popping/static noise that makes it unbearable for anyone listening to me. Theyre pretty comfy and have great sound, its a shame that durability isnt exactly the greatest strength with these, as others have reported. If you want to be buying headphones every other year, go for it, otherwise -you may be better off finding something with much better durability.
Got these after my other headset quit on me. I had the HyperX Cloud I before and i loved them.  Decided to go with the usb headset this time. First of all very comfortable as were the cloud I. Comfort i give it a 8 out of 10, weight i give it a 8 out of 10. The 7.1 surround sound i give it a 5. It doesnt really make it sound better and i dont use it. As for the sound itself its ok, i give it a 5 because when you get that large explosions in video games it crackles. Almost sounds like wires are not connected. Once the deep base sounds stop the sound is normal. Not good headset for listening to music. Constant crackle noise.  I either got a damaged set out of the box or this is just the way these are.  Not sure if i would buy again or recommend. I think there are enough headsets out there, that i would probably go with another brand and hope the sound is better.
The USB dongle broke in less than two years, new ones run about $40 dollars
I received two defective headsets. At first I thought the first one was defective and so I ordered another one. Second one has the same problem. The problem is the detachable mic keeps moving and does not catch my voice. Only after I talk to myself after a while I notice. I need to readjust the mic until it works again but I do not want to do this for a new mic. It makes noise on the receiving end too when I readjust it. The headset would be at least 4 stars if it wasnt for this problem. I got this headset for PS4 and I had the Cloud 1 before this. I was disappointed to find out the headset was defective twice. I loved my Cloud 1 but that one broke after about 2 years. I decided to get Cloud 2 but now I need to look for other headsets again.
I got this for my son and he absolutely loved them until today (5/28/2017).  He said the headphones worked without a problem but now he is complaining that he can not hear out of his left ear, he is very unhappy and hopes to get them fixed or replaced if possible.
This headset is alright. I still prefer my Logitech g930. My biggest complaint about this headset is it doesnt save sound settings between computer reboots, so each time I turn on my computer I have to turn on the surround sound and turn up the Mic.
These are the most comfortable headset ever, but the mic quality really sucks. All of my friends can barely hear me and dont know what Im saying most of the time.
The comfort is great and the double earcups are really useful. Unfortunately, this headset doesnt come with drivers that allow you to control the sound. The 7.1 feature is also not that impressive, and the soundstage feels very small. I found that the volume is quite low. For the same price, I switched for the Soundblasterx H7 tournament edition and Im much happier. I guess people would also be happier to have a less impressive box (that usually ends up in the trash) and better sound
Bought this August last year, really thought it was good because I was looking into detachable mics. Audio could be better, I like to listen to music with bass, this didnt really have what I expected. Detached my mic for a few months because I stopped using it as much now its not even working. Just gonna get a real headphone and separate mic from now on. "7.1 Audio" doesnt really do anything.
Its a nice headset but mine is only a little over a year old and then mic quit working because of the USB cable and it doesnt seem I can order a replacement. Shame the headset is great other than that.
I give it 2 stars because my friend used it when I wasnt home and snapped the audio jack in two.
This Headset is awesome as far as the headset. But the microphone is a constant problem for me even when yelling for people to hear me. The volume is not adjustable in windows settings and the usb dongle that comes with it does very little to change the volume of the microphone. Im constantly having to have people turn me up in VOIP programs because Im not loud enough unless the mic is beside my mouth and then people can hear me breathe. I didnt just buy this headset to listen to everything I really would like a good quality microphone along with it and because of this I dont recommend this product.
Horrible headset. While the sound is good, the microphone is useless. If you are a gamer stay far away from these as you will not be able to communicate with anyone in game. Total waste of money.
Great feeling and great sounding, but they broke again within 2 months. Second pair in a row.
It was going well until a little over a year passed when the USB dongle stopped working. Bought a replacement dongle and it worked for a couple days until that also stopped working. (Replacement dongle was 30 dang dollars) Definitely wont be buying hyperx again
For a 100 dollar headset, I was expecting volume control to work for the mic. I understand that theyre trying to put sound card and all as a package but its a terrible package. I rather pay more to have something working great than save some pennies and have something crappy. Do your self a favor and buy a good headset and get a new sound card if you dont have a good one. Kingston needs to focus on the headset which is good and ignore the sound card.
Mine were great for a little over a year. Then the USB amp that I needed to use it on PC stopped working, and about week later the it got a short in the cable by 3.5mm jack, so I cant even use it with my PS4. I could mess around with cable and get it work for little bit, but now it doesnt work at all. Now Im out $100 and looking for new more reliable headset. Very disappointing. I thought these were supposed to be better than the rest in the $100 price range.
Returning these. Beautiful box/packaging and aesthetics but horrible sound / directional sound in Counter-strike : Global Offensive (PC) , what I intended to use the headset for. Came from a Sennheiser G4me ZERO headset (about 180$) and these sounded like trash compared to that. Will just re-buy another Sennheiser product most likely. Oh yeah, and I tried it with the handheld volume controller USB, without 7.1 and with, then bypassed it completely using the 3.5mm plug and it sounded mediocre/bad each time. Really wanted to like this but it just makes me play so much worse not being able to hear footsteps or enemies that I have to return this.
No mute button for PS4 and was never mentioned
the headphones are really good...but they broke today, 60 days in, the jack broke in half removing it from my phone in a pretty normal fashion...so 30 days after the return window. i am so disappointed.
Headphones died after 2weeks of moderate use
It is kind of comfortable but after an hour or two my ears get too hot.
do not order if you have large ears. the pads end up sitting on your ears. unless you like that. or if you are using these to replace a logitech g930, rip the ear pads off that and put them on these. brainwavz earpads will not help out. tried that route.
I had to sell this garbage for way less than I bought it. 1. The Earcuff quality is bad, your ears will get extremely hot and painful after an hour or so of use 2. There is no sidetone so you will find yourself screaming just to be able to understand what youre saying. I often find myself jumbled up with words or yelling because they decided they didnt need an essential feature to any headset. Thanks for wasting my money -.-
They work fine for about ten minutes now then randomly they disconnect from the computer and no longer transmit sound.. If i plug them back in they start working for another ten minutes and eventually die out again.. still  havent heard back about a replacement set... willing to send back my old one for testing.. very disappointed in hyper X probably wont go through them anymore
i really loved these at first but then they just died all of a sudden out of no where and now i dont really have the money to replace them because the warrenty only lasts 6 months. i recommend them if you get the 2 year warrenty you will want them
good sound but problem with this is that the mic gone within seven months. the rubber ear muffs cracks quickly and the sponge the covers the mic dont stay on for to long.
I think the product is well built. Looks slick. However the sound isnt great. Im disappointed. I also thought they would plug in the ps4 via usb, but they plug in the controller. The sound quality from the controller is atrocious. My turtle beach 400s beat these in sound quality...however, the tbs arent built like tanks. Its too bad, these are going back.
At first I thought this was a great headset, then all the problems came out of the woodwork a year later, braided cable tangled like no tomorrow till eventually ripping itself apart. There is a constant background noise in the headphones, the 7.1 is lacking big time...the mic is by far the worst  sound wise as its very low and cant be adjusted on the pc side when using the usb dongle so all your gaming buddys have to turn your volume up on their end to max just to hear you somewhat normally...meanwhile if you plan on using this headset for console gaming, dont bother as the 3.5mm cord connected to the headset lacks a mute/unmute functionality. This headset may be comfortable, but functionality wise, its lacking.
Unfortunately, my headset got a short in it and the mic stopped working, if there is any way to get a replacement, I have screenshots for proof of purchase.
Amazing headset, has great audio and microphone quality, but the usb dongle stopped working out of nowhere recently which renders the microphone useless.
I expected the pair to last a bit longer. Sound was great, people were able to hear me Clearly, but they just stopped working out of the blue. I was in a chat and after a while, my friends said they couldnt hear me. The next day, I tried again, and nothing. I could hear them, but They couldnt hear me. too Bad.
I purchased this headset back in Dec 2015.  My initial experience with it was everything I expected it to be.  The audio quality clear and had range. Although the was a lack of deep base, it didnt take away from the immersion of sound.  The mic quality was reliable.. until about 9 months later where there show signs of defect.  Because there are some removable parts, I noticed occasional the mic would not work before a play session and would have to troubleshoot until it seemingly starting working again.  This past Oct of 2016, my friends would hear nothing from me if I used the usb dongle to 3.5mm that the product came with so I resorted to use an app that allowed me to use my headset with my iPhone.  From there, my friends would experience harsh feedback or crackling sounds if my 3.5mm jack wasnt twisted just right.  I bought this headset for the sole purpose of using it for various platforms such as my PC and Xbox One.  Now my Xbox One controller with 3.5mm Jack wont recognize my mic.  The manufacture warranty is only 6 months so buyer beware.
I bought the hyperx2s for PS4 hoping that 7.1 surround sound could still play, were comfortable, and could work on the console. These headphones were VERY comfortable, and I loved the leatherette ear cups. PS4 USERS NOTICE: These headphones are NOT loud enough. At maximum volume, the headphones sound like what should be mid-range volume. For me, this was a deal breaker. Also, the 7.1 surround sound does not work on ps4. Definitely not worth the money on these.
Really good headphones, not the best bass seems a little shallow.  These dont replace my iem  or ars technica cans but for games they are really good.  No software needed.  7.1 sounds fake but good enough to pass for games.
Sound is good, but you need equalizer apo software of something like it. Mic is quiet and its is first problem, second - quality of mic is average. If you can deal with mic quality, quiet is really issue. You CANNOT adjust microphone volume with windows control panel, because its controlled with usb audio controller. Pros: Sound quality. 3.5mm that can be plugged into PC, PS4, mobile. Ok virtual 7.1. Replaceable velor ear pads. Cons: No software - look for Equalizer APO software (its free). Bad microphone: quiet and average sound quality.
Its an alright headset. The quality of the packaging is amazing, but the sound quality is alright. Sadly, I cant use it for my phone. For some odd reason it keeps disconnecting from my phone. Its so frustrating. It only works on my computer. Oh well.
When I first got the headphones they were fantastic. For the first couple of months I had them I wouldve given them a 5/5 star rating. But after 2 months they just stop working. When you plug them into an audio port nothing happens unless you twist and bend the cord in just the right way and keep it there the entire time...but only the left side works. A friend of mine bought his first, loved them, and got me a pair. But after a few months of having his he started having the same exact problem. When he got a replacement pair from HyperX, the same exact thing happened after a couple of months. I expected much better quality for the price.
Braided cord has begun to fray on me in two places in under 6 months. Contacted Hyper X they still havent communicated back.
Unfortunately I am giving these headphones a bad review due to a known issue that still has not been fixed. They are comfortable and they sound amazing, but that will only last the first few months. After that, you will hear cracking, popping, and creaking. Kingston will tell you it is a firmware issue, but it isnt. I have followed all of their directions and I still hear creaking in the right side. It sounds somewhat like a door creaking open and it happens constantly. If you want a headset that sounds great and will last, I would look elsewhere. It is a shame too, because this headset has everything else you could want, except reliability and quality.
These headphone have great quality audio, but if your looking to use these for using your microphone on windows pc, they will not work. I found them to work great on the PS4, but as for the windows pc, there is no option for you to turn up the microphone up. When you head to their main site [...] and look at the information given for support it clearly states here I cannot adjust the mic volume in Windows when using the Cloud II USB control box. How do I resolve this? When using the USB control box, the mic volume cannot be adjusted in Windows. It can only be adjusted with the control box. If the mic volume does not adjust with the control box, please contact technical support. FAQ: KHX-110315-HDST-12
Is too heavy and snug for prolonged use. Sounds just about okay-ish for any other use apart from gaming.
I bought this item back in January and it was amazing. I loved it and treated it very well. Had amazing sound quality was very comfortable. But then at about 3 months I had to get them replaced for a cord problem that made the Mic completely unusable. So they let me get it replaced and paid for shipping and I got my new pair fairly quickly thank god. Then about 2 months later I have the same problem and get it replaced again. I though well maybe ill give it a other chance but about 3 months later I have cord problems again and I cant hear out of the right ear so I think Im going to just give up a buy a different headset. Very unsatisfied.
Ive had my headphones for some months now. They were very clear at first. After about 2 months, I was told I wasnt loud. So I attached the volume control piece and it did nothing I now use them to talk on my phone  No shorts in the wiring yet.
Dont buy it and do yourself a favor and get a pair of quality headphones mine broke the first month
I bought this item 12/2015 and the mic has been an issue and intermittently doesnt work...today it stopped working completely. It appears theres a warranty but I cannot figure out how to contact the seller for this. Hopefully the seller will see this and respond so we can warranty exchange the headset because its truly great when its working.
Very happy with my purchase. I was a little worried about the mic quality, but my gaming buddies said that I sounded better than my old mic. The ear cups fit very nicely, though, when riding bike to work they didnt block out sound as well as my skull candy earbuds(this might be because of either my glasses frames or just my head shape in general). Theres some static in the right ear cup when listening to certain youtube videos or songs, which I havent found the cause of yet. The cord is thick and braided, so the cord quality isnt in question. I also have longer hair and detaching and reattaching the mic tears out my hair when I take it off which is kind of painful. I have unfortunately dropped them a few times and can confirm they are durable. Also very comfortable to wear, I personally found them more comfortable than Razer headsets. The sound quality is also better than Razer headsets. The mic cancels out anything not facing you pretty well. I game in a room of 4 other guys and we are all pretty loud at times but theyre almost never picked up. The one big thing to remember when buying a headset is every person is going to have a different preference. My gaming buddies vary from Razer to Turtle Beach to just straight table mic with headphones. If you can try these at a store or something, do that to see if theyre built to your liking. EDIT: My mic is dead. Thought it was just the mic piece itself so I got Kingston to ship me a new one(The mic was truly dead so I needed it regardless) and Im getting nothing from my headset. Its been roughly one month since my last posting which is truly disappointing. Im going to be purchasing a tabletop mic in the future with a pair of headphones. Truly disappointing. Mine might just be defective, so dont let my experience alone bring this headset back. If you see other complaints like this, though, then its an issue that needs to be addressed.
I liked it at first, but then I notice that if you have the volume is under 20%, it distorts it and it sounds very scratchy even if it sounds pretty loud. Kind of wishing I had stuck with the A40 TRs to try and keep. I feel like I wouldnt be having this audio quality issue otherwise.
after only 2 months use guess what only one side working and the other not .....  0 stars flr this crap! it was great tell it broke...
Not even three months after purchase the power jack broke.  And of course it was just days after the return period expired!  Way too expensive for two months of use.
I bought three different pairs of these hecking things--two from Amazon, one from Best Buy--and all three suffered from the same problem: tinny midtones and highs (with sibilants in particular being sharp/hissy to the point of being painful), plus distinct lack of bass. I had three different friends with better hearing than mine verify the quality issues, and they detected a teeth-gritting high-pitched electronic whine in the background in addition to the tinniness and the poor bass response. Tested on two different Android smartphones using the headphone jack, and tested two different laptops (a Samsung ultrabook and a Macbook Pro) using the USB soundcard. Updated the firmware, tried surround sound vs. no surround sound. The sound quality and user experience were consistently terrible no matter how I sliced it. The bizarre thing is, one of the friends owns a pair of Cloud IIs that sound *completely different*. He bought his last year and loves them, and I decided to buy these after trying his--sounded great, super comfortable, reasonable price. He got the pink ones; maybe the color of the model actually affects quality? All I can say is that three strikes in a row + one good pair indicate serious quality control issues, and I cant recommend them to anyone. I will say that the comfort is fantastic--on par with my Sennheisers. Im honestly sad Im going to have to go with the Logitech headset I have now because theyre less comfortable, but the sound doesnt hurt my ears.
Sound is awesome. However, I have had this not even 2 months and the jack going into the computer or phone is messed up already and we take very good care of these rather expensive headphones. For me to ship it back to them for replacement is on me and if its lost in shipment Im out all the money. This is ridiculous! HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!
My first headset pair of these headphones worked great for about five months I treated them like it was my baby. I went to go use them one day the microphone stops working, I tried everything to fix it so I let it go and broke down and bought a new pair. Im a month into this pair and when I use the microphone it makes a buzzing sound whenever the microphone is activated. So to somewhat fix it I unplug it and plug it back and its fine for about 20 minutes then it buzzes again. So while they are nice Im starting to dislike them more than I am liking them and they are a very nice pair of headphones. I would maybe recommend you get them but if your willing to throw the dice at them then get them but if you dont have a whole lot of money to get them then I would look for something else that would more likely work.
Absolute junk. The usb dongle doesnt work right out of the box, leaving you with an overpriced set of earphones. DO NOT BUY.
Do NOT buy these headphones. They are defective. Do a simple Google search and you will see a plethora of negative comments about their defective USB connectors.
I read a lot of reviews for different products before settling on the Kingston HyperX Cloud II.  I was really excited to receive the product from Amazon. The product was attractively packaged and was fun to unbox.  The sound isolation was quite exceptional, but the ear pieces heated up mightily, making them uncomfortable to wear over time.  The sound quality was just OK.  It will probably satisfy most people but even casual audiophiles need not apply.  It wont hold a candle to entry-level ($100 dollarish) headgear.  The mic quality was good but the pickup was bad.  Even eating the mic my friends in game complained they couldnt hear me.  Also, the 7.1 sound was OK.  Sounds in FPS games didnt jump out at me but could be localized to their general vicinity without effort. The negative thing about this device was the shoddy build quality.  After just seven months of light use the tiny 7.1 amp gave out and the device became useless.  The headphones could potentially be used without it but you wouldnt get mic support without a new adapter and you wont get 7.1 surround.  Whats more, I cant remember any particular event that lead to the amp failing.  Theres a short in the cord but I cant remember pulling it, smashing it, or otherwise molesting it.  (It sits on my desk all the time.)  Im not terribly surprised this headphone failed...overall the build quality doesnt feel great. On sale it might do well for a cheap pair of cans but Id be careful to treat it lightly.
Not only was the usb sound card defective (tried it on several computers to make sure that I wasnt crazy), but in the end I spent several hours of my life trying to troubleshoot it to no avail. I can tell that its a great quality headset but without the 7.1 surround to me its just not worth it.
I have been very happy with these headphones for the nine months I have had them. The noise cancelling properties are excellent, the sound quality and microphone are also very good. I am no youngster and I have had many headsets over the years. Anybody who has had gaming headsets with inline controls knows that if you dont take care with getting that in line box snagged you will have no sound or in only one ear in the near future. With that in mind I handled this headset like it was a newborn baby. After 9 months, the headset elected to produce no sound. Being a computer builder I understand drivers and all the factors that can contribute to loss of sound. Unfortunately the problem is the dreaded short at the inline box. I have no sound, I jiggle the inline unit and there is sound again. Then if you move or move the box again, sound is gone again. I was hoping that a $100 headset made by Kingston might hold up better than this....unfortunately it didnt. This is painful regardless of cost but more so when you pay $100 or more and this happens. I just requested an RMA from Kingston. We will see if they contact me and how much it will cost me to ship them back. I will update the review so you guys can get an idea of the level of service to expect should you have an issue. UPDATE: The RMA process was amazingly simple and efficient. I submitted the product info and received an RMA number and a prepaid Fedex label the next day. I was also assured that I would not receive a used or refurbished headset. They received my defective headset two days after shipping and sent out the new one after only one business day. The brand new replacement arrived via FedEx two days later. Am I still unhappy that the product failed after nine months?...of course... but Kingston did a fantastic job of making things right and in a timely fashion.
You need to purchase extra equipment to connect this headset to the XBox console.
After 5 months of use the audio in the right headphone has stopped working. If I hold the cord just right I can get it to work, but that is not a realistic solution.
False advertising. Sure they are "compatable" with ps4 and xbox, but the volume controls are not. So spending the extra money on the cloud 2 is pointless unless you are a PC gamer. Comfortable headphones though.
Not great if using for Xbox One. No volume control. The little volume adjustment device isnt usable except for PC.
These are comfortable and they sound great, and Ive been told that the mic sounds great. My only complaint (but its a big one) is the inline controls are TERRIBLE.  Half the time when I go to make adjustments it does nothing.  The controls are actually a sound card, so they adjust independently of the windows sound controls.  Therefore when volume adjustment stops working there is literally no way to adjust the volume other than unplugging them and hoping they work when you plug them back in.  There is a slider bar in windows but it doesnt actually change the volume.  Ive tried uninstalling them from device manager and reinstalling multiple times, but it doesnt seem to help.
I bought this at the beginning of October and it is now the end of August, less than a year has past, I had plenty of good use out of it but over the last 10 months of use I had an issue with the usb extension that needed to be replaced and now the headset itself is crackling and the usb extension is having problems again. It seems the usb extension is a known issue with this product that has not been addressed. Aside from the small problems the headset is very comfortable and has good quality audio, my only concern is the length of time in which I used the product before it needed to be replaced.
Ive had two break on me within a year, dont expect them to last quite a long time at all. Great in the comfort aspect, absolutely horrible in reliability.
I wasnt as impressed as I thought. It has pretty good sound quality, but the microphone is atrocious. I wouldve been better off getting a separate mic or using the mic that came with a $20 headset. The recording sound is awful and it cant be adjusted in the windows settings.
So I will be brutally honest. This headset was not the best headset I have ever used like everyone said it was going to be. First the pressure from the cushioning is way too much, chances are this is due to my huge head but either way with the band extended all the way out after about an hour of use your head feels like a balloon. Second, the USB dongle amplifier thing makes it so that you cant use DB boost that Win10 offers, meaning the slider wont move, no matter what you try to do. This wouldnt be an issue if they also included a splitter to change the wire into AUX jack and a mic jack while extending the distance as well, but this wasnt thought of, so you cant bypass the USB dongle unless you want to buy your own splitter. This was a big problem because the MIC for some reason was low to everyone I tried to talk to with the exception of TeamSpeak3 where I am guessing the built in automatic gain control of the software kicked in and fix the problem, but other software doesnt have AGC built in, so Discord was low AF, same for in-game comms for CSGO and GTA V. Third, the customer support. These guys pretty much told me to #$%@ off. Here is the copy of an e-mail after I told them that the DB boost is being blocked: "My apologies. Our headset does not communicate with this feature. Perhaps you should consider a third party sound equalizer. Unfortunately we do not have plans to add this feature into our firmware. Best Regards, Technical Support" The sound quality was good but it seems like this was the only thing they focused on, oh and there was an annoying hiss that got louder and louder the higher you set your volume.
there was some manufacturing error or damage to the ones I received, so the USB is loose to where the headset disconnects every once in a while, and probably causes some power surge because I need to remove it completely and plug it back in, which in itself gives various glitched to my computer. However, the product would be a 5 star one if this  was not a problem. The sound is fantastic, and the microphone actually carries equally impressive voice quality. I do recommend this product, but you might want to buy it either new or refurbished, not used.
I would love to give this headset a 5 star review but the USB dongle is the weak point.  Itll randomly lose complete sound in games and the only fix is a complete restart or unplugging the USB and plugging it back in.  However, when you plug it back in you have to close everything that is using sound and reopen for it to work again.  Ive also had people complain about the mic coming across as loud static at times.  That being said, this is the most comfortable headset/headphones I have ever owned and when working the sound is great.  If it wasnt for the faulty USB dongle Id give it 5 stars.
Sounds quality was great for the first two months. After that the USB dongle itself stops working out of the blue for no reason what so ever. Tried lookinng up all known solutions, hardware firmware updates, etc etc. Nothing. Device manager on Windows 10 cant detect the device reliably. It does maybe 1/20 tries but doesnt stay that way if Im not holding the dongle a certain way(like the old TV antanna jokes of lifting a leg and puting one hand over your head and jumping up andd down just to watch a show). It seems the hardware itself is defective and/or Im just unlucky and got a bad luck. Will be contacting Kingston directly for a warranty refund/replacement if that doesnt work out and the same issues happen well. Then me and my money will have to go visit yet another company. If there was an option Id have to give this product review a zero star rating because if it doesnt work then 1 star is being too generous.
Yeah, I bought these because of all the 5 star reviews, but its trash. The sound sounds tinny as hell, and theres no bass at all. Its all mids. Cant attest to the mic, but I used the headset for about an hour trying to make it sound less crappy, but to no avail. Will be returning this immediately. On the plus side, it is moderately comfortable...But I wouldnt use these, so its pointless.
USE AT YOUR OWN RISK - This product clearly has labeled on it WARNING this product contains a chemical known in the state of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. It seems very strange I can not get a straight answer to what chemical is involved in this headset that causes cancer and birth defects.
Poor quality cords. The cord breaks easily where the "jack support" ends at the connector. RIP at 5 months. I looked at the components contained in this headset. I would never have purchased this headset with wiring this small in diameter, less than 22 Awg. guessing 26-28,  had I had prior knowledge. No excuses for this lack of quality in this very dependent area. Unforgivably poor construction materials.
Not that impressed with sound quality.  Connection is difficult
Its overall a decent mic, but it isnt worth $90. More like $25 because my mic quality is horrible, the volume always fluctuates (sometimes my volume is fine and in 2 minutes my friends can barely hear me). The mic also is buggy because I will always cut out during about a 30-second period where no one can hear me. This mic is a SHAME for $90...
I have a bit of a love-hate relationship with this product. On one hand you have an excellent headset, with good sound, a nice mic, great build quality, and unrivaled comfort. On the other hand you have a mess of a USB sound-card. When I first got the product it sounded okay but after some time I noticed a high-pitched whine whenever audio was playing. When I looked it up online I learned that the problem was unnervingly common, to the point where I believe anybody with decent hearing is going to have the issue. So I looked for a solution and some people mentioned that there were firmware updates for the card to fix the problem. Finding the mentioned firmware took longer than expected and I didnt find them through the original Cloud II page sadly. Once installed the problems were gone. A few months later the sound of my headset degraded SUBSTANTIALLY, with lots of popping, noise, crackling, and distortion. I thought Id need a new headset, but I decided to try and use them as headphones to see if the problem persisted. It did not. Meaning that the sound card was again the culprit of all the problems. I purchased a headset splitter so that the 4-pole connection could be converted to traditional Headphone/Microphone jacks and the headset sounds better than it EVER did with the sound card and the mic still works fine. I suggest if you buy this headset that you do the same, even just as a precaution, because those splitters are only a few bucks. TL;DR: The headset is amazing and the sound card sucks, get a splitter.
While it is "compatible" with the ps4 and it does sound good, I would hardly say it works with the PS4. You cannot control the volume or even mute your mic. I can see how this would be an awesome headset for the price on a PC if you dont mind that it has no sidetone or mic feedback. I would avoid buying this for PS4 or Xbox. Its sad the design was poor because it really does seem like a high quality headset.
While the sound is nice and the metal frame is top notch, the volume control on the wire proved to be a structural weakpoint that has given me some issues with sound as it deteriorated.
These are some pretty awesome headsets for the price. At the time of this review Ive had them a little over 6 months. The only reason Im not giving is 5 stars is because at about 4 months the USB dongle started failing me. The issues Im having is if it moves (the actual usb dongle seems very faulty, mine does atleast. I have to clip it to my mouse pad to make sure it stays still) the sound will go out for about 5 seconds and in some games, wont come back on unless I completely restart the game. Its gotten worse and worse and now at the point to where Im gonna have to buy a replacement from the Kingston store for $30. Hopefully I wont have this issue again when the replacement dongle comes in. If it werent for that, 5 stars easily.
These headphones are amazing. Great quality, and its really comfortable. But today, after using it for a while, I unplugged the mic for a while because I was going home from vacation. I plugged the mic back in to my headset, and the mic doesnt work anymore. Out of nowhere. I didnt damage it at all. My cat bit it a few times but that was months ago and there was no problem with it until now.
I dont really like how far down the adjuster is on the cord kinda pulls on you while youre gaming which can be annoying when you dont want to clip it on your shirt
The headset works pretty good, the sound is really good and it is comfortable. One problem I have had over the years with various headsets is that after a couple hours with them on they start to get heavy and not feel right on my head and I havent ever had that problem with these. The reason I only give these 3 stars is because After 8 months The wire running into the ear cup is starting to get loose and sound is cutting in and out of the right ear cup. If thee build quality was as good as the headset this this would truly be a monster headset. The packing, the sound, looks and feel all make this product seem absolutely amazing and yes it is definitely worth the money, I dont know if mine was just a one off incident or if this is a common problem so take this review lightly.
For the time that it worked, it was great, but it broke within a few weeks of purchase for virtually no reason, a weird crackily/staticy sound plays every time i touch or move the cord.
I am very disappointed with this headset.  I purchased these as a gift and they stopped working within months of purchase.  One of the earphones just completely stopped providing sound.  They have not be subject to any travel, damage or anything that would cause damage. I am contacting the company to see if they will reimburse or provide another set.  If they do, I will write another updated review.
Was sent the wrong color, not a big deal. I bought these after breaking a pair of Logitech G930s. They feel much more durable, I like the option of the removable mic, and they have good bass and sound. Only downside so far is that they feel too snug. My ears begin to ache after 5-10 minutes
These were pretty crappy.  No bass at all.  The build quality was very cheap feeling for the price.  I dont get why they get good reviews.  We replaced them with Logitech G230 which were a lot less money, but a much better headset.
After a couple of months of use I muted my mic for about 5 minutes, unmuted and it quit working from that point on. Ive tried every USB port on my PC, uninstalled the drivers and re-installed, tested nearly every sound option I could find. Doing a search for this issue revealed quite a lot of people having this problem. The sound isnt bad, but the volume control is iffy, it doesnt always show the volume level, my 7.1 surround sound seems to turn off randomly, overall Im disappointed in this product, now lets see how their customer support is.
Sound was OKAY, microphone was awful had to return
Much of this is personal, you might not have the same issues as I do. I think the sound quality is great, the mic is good, the 7.1 simulated surround sound is great for games. My main issue with it is its just not very comfortable, I find myself moving it around a lot. I feel its too tight and actually hurts my head and my ears because of this. However other than that they are great and I am sure not everyone will have that issue with it.
The headset itself is great. It is very comfortable, and its sound quality is decent--except when you click the 7.1 surround button on the USB dongle/sound card. The latter is the main source of issues with this particular headset; the USB sound card is what separates the Cloud I from Cloud II. The Cloud I is an excellent stereo headset for music. However, the USB sound card that the Cloud II uses is NOT. It is not clear, it crackles, and it has no depth compared to other fake 7.1 surround headsets; it does provide better surround sound and depth compared to the original stereo mode, but you WILL compromise the sound quality in the process. That aside, the USB sound card feels and looks cheap; it broke after a couple of months of moderate usage. That particular issue is very common where the PC displays a "cant recognize the USB device" warning message, so you have to buy the USB sound card again  for 30$ on the manufacturers website. You will be left with a stereo headset that has a really short cable/jack after that USB sound card breaks, so I advice people to invest in something better if they want surround sound for gaming , otherwise there is absolutely no reason to get this headset over the Cloud I.
OK, so I decided to give this headset a 2 out of 5 stars because the headset is amazing but the USB cord is bad. Let me explain, I bought this in Feb. 2015 and Ive had problems with it. I first sent in the whole headset under warranty probably a few months after getting it cause the headset would drop out of being reconginsed by the computer. It was strange cause it didnt work at all and I used it for work as well on a different computer.  Both computers would not work with it at the time. So I got the totally new headset back and it worked fine for a few more months. So I concluded that the headset was not the problem because I unplugged it from the USB dongle and plugged the headset jack into my PC and it worked fine. So I contacted support again and they sent me a new USB dongle cord. After every few months the dongle would go bad and I would have to get a new one. I have done this 4 or 5 times now and Ive finally got tired of doing the same process over and over again and got a Y-splitter instead of the USB dongle. The USB dongle would also mess with my other USB ports and reset each port messing with my mouse and keyboards. Very annoying and probably damaging to my computer. The headset is awesome though. Its fits my head just fine and the mic is great. I just got the Y-splitter today and it works great cause I can change to 7.1 surround sound in my sound settings. Also the customer services is great cause even after the warranty ran out I could get a new USB dongle from them every time. To sum up: Headset is great, USB dongle that came with it is bad. Also the Y-splitter is a UGreen 3.5 female to male headset splitter and I highly recommend people buy one if they get this set.
I admit. I have a head on the larger side. Between that and wearing glasses, these headphones dont open up enough to fit completely comfortably. I find the need to take them off within an hour to relieve the pressure and give my head a rest. The sound itself sounds very good. I just wish they fit better on me.
I bought the cloud IIs after LOVING my Cloud Is, which for the record, still work perfectly and I use as a backup headset. Unfortunately, Ive been spoiled by having surround sound now, and so the idea of returning my Cloud Is isnt ideal. I first bought my cloud IIs a week after a friend did about a year ago now I think -- I immediately had problems with a low hiss when my audio was low, exclusively when using the 7.1 surround sound. Disappointing, but tolerable, and the easy solution was to just raise volume to drown out the hiss. Not the end of the world, right? This week, BOTH the friend and I have started having the exact same problem -- the audio fully cuts out randomly regardless of what we do. The only way to get around this is to forego the 7.1 surround sound on the USB dongle and plug them directly into my computer. Theres two issues I take with this. Firstly, they arent designed to be used this way -- the 3.5mm leading to the USB connector is EXTREMELY short. I flat out CAN NOT use these as headphones that way. Secondly, the only reason I moved to the Cloud IIs from the original was for the 7.1 -- without the 7.1, I have a perfectly good pair of Clouds that work. Unfortunately, even a cursory glance of the internet says I am not alone in my problem, and the timing with my friend  is uncanny -- I would argue this is probably a build issue where it is designed to fall apart a year after a purchase. The timing with the relatively recent release of the Revolver headset further raises my suspicions. Considering my friend and I live NO WHERE near each other, its hard to feel like this is just user error. While I give HyperX high marks for comfort, across the board these were a downgrade from the Cloud Is in quality, from sound through durability. Even the cabling for the Cloud IIs was much more adapt to tangling, knotting, and needing lengthy periods to be stretched after a week or so of use. I do not recommend the Cloud II, though if you could snag it at extreme discount, it may be worthwhile.
I guess Im the only owner whos HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset tangles up ALL THE TIME? The cords are ALWAYS getting tangled badly, I dont know why? I understand "some" tangling here and there with headsets but Ive never had headsets with cords that twist up so badly like this! I use these for gaming and I have to untangle the cords every time I get on my PC. Anyway, I havent seen any other reviews complaining about this so I must have gotten a "lemon" of a set.
I think this headset is good, but not for the money. Sound quality is pretty crisp, and delivers good bass. The voice produced through the mic seems to be very good compared to other products. The memory foam is comfortable as the ear cups are, but only in the beginning... After a year of owning this headset, my opinion began to change. Recently I have been experiencing times where no sound comes through the speakers, plug in another headset, works fine. Ear pads and top piece wear down fast and start to hurt more than comfort. For now using apple ear buds make for a better experience. Nice un-boxing experience, but would have preferred that money went in to the headset itself.
If you dont want to read this whole review, read the last two lines. When I got this headset, I loved how comfortable it was to wear and how light it was. It didnt try to crush my head from both sides or feel heavy to where my head got sore, it was perfect. The sound quality from the 7.1 sound card, however, was the issue. Im not talking about the speakers or drivers, yet, im talking about the small sound card that comes with the headset. This is how the headset cabling works, the cable from the headset itself has both the mic and sound output in one 3.5 mm cable which was a feature i didnt like (ill get to that later). The cable plugs into this small sound card that you plug into your computer via USB. The quality was terrible and their was no software available to tweak the audio, so I instead ditched the card and plugged the cable into my Xonar dg sound card which increased the sound quality by a lot. The only problem was I could only plug it into the sound port which forced me to go out and buy an adapter to split the sound and mic into two cables. Unfortunately the mic quality decreased when this happened. As for the microphone, for those who have owned the Logitech G930 wireless headset, the microphone on the Hyperx cloud II is a downgrade from the G930. People online thought I was sick since my voice sounded worse than before.  So I had two options, use the small sound card and get terrible sound quality but okay mic output, or have the best audio but terrible mic quality. Yes, I have considered buying a separate microphone, but that was before the right side of the headset started to crackle. This might be an issue for some headsets but after using this headset for about two weeks, my right driver started to crackle and vibrate when the sound got high or had a lot of bass. This was pretty much the last straw for me. This headsets design and comfort was great and has so much potential, but the following list is what needs to be fixed. - Fix the drivers so that they dont get loose and crackle. - Give this headset a better microphone and sound card (or just get rid of the sound card, it takes away sound quality from your own product). - Split the sound and microphone cable into two cables so that we have the option of plugging this headset into our own sound card. If you do end up getting this headset, heres my advice. Get a separate sound card and microphone for this headset, and hope that one of the drivers doesnt break down like mine did after two weeks.
Stopped working after about a month.  I used it for pc gaming about 4 nights a week.  Will contact amazon but it has to be past its time for return.  Would not recommend!
The headset has its own on board sound card, cool right?.. no, not even.... This means that I cant adjust anything within windows. So when I use discord my mic is so freaking quite. Its turned up all the way in discord and I cant adjust the volume in windows...So I have to constantly mash the mic button on the headset and say "can you hear me now" over and over again.. The problem is that the controller is horrible and I end up mashing the button for at least 10 minutes. It will also randomly turn itself down while playing, forcing me into another 10 minute game of smash and ask. If you google HyperX cloud 2 low mic you will see hundreds of pissed off people... If you want to use your onboard soundcard no problem.. however the cord is extremely short so good luck not using the usb plug... Kingston has no current plans to make a driver for their sound card... worst headset/mic combo I have ever purchased and it was $100...
I base my purchases on reviews from other users. The reviews for this headset were outstanding, only 7% had problems and rated them at one star. I just read the 7% reviews and most all described the same problem that I presently have. Pros: Very impressive retail box, built very strong. Very clear audio for gaming. Cons: I could never figure out how to set-up the mic for online gaming. Ear cups too small for us elfs. After almost nine months of gaming, the Cloud II headset has died. No warning, it just quit receiving in both ears. I suspect it is the USB dongle that is the culprit. Initially I could squeeze the cable leading into the dongle and I would get some sort of noise, eventually nothing. I have resorted to using my old Logitech G35 headset. I could never get the mic to work online either (I guess its me) but the ears are comfortable again... :)
Updated from original review due to the fact that the headset has stopped working after 4 months. The manufacturer website says there is a warranty, but instructs buyers to return to place of purchase. Amazon wont allow a return, so we are stuck with a defective product. Will not purchase this brand again.
Decent sound quality. Didnt have any complaints in that department as I am not much of an audiophile. But...after a year or so of ownership and use...the brackets at the side broke one after the other and is not pretty much unusable. I mean the mic and speakers still work...but there is nothing for it to hold unto to stay on my head. So in my opinion the materials used are of inferior quality. Poorly made.
Its been about 8 months since I purchased this headset and the left headphone stopped working and it wont work. They are good besides that but I cant deal with this. I cant hear through the left earphone and it pisses me off.
Build quality is poor. Mic worked well while it lasted but the actual mic doesnt work anymore.
Just some background, I am an avid PC gamer (10+ years) and enthusiast who depends heavily on having reliable communications with my fellow gamers, so I am always looking for the best. Ill try to be direct to the points here. Pros: -Comfortable: I can wear these much longer than my other headsets, however hitting the 8+ hour range they starts to get sore around the sides of your ears. -Simple design: I loved the 3.5 to USB adapter design as I could go from Pc gaming to using my phone with it. Also, the detachable mic was handy. Also, it looks stylish. -Price point: For their current price they are decently made, with some nice features and materials. -Sound canceling and surround: Works great. Cons: -Mic: There seems to be a problem with the onboard audio with these where you sound much more quiet than you are. Havent found a solution -Bad cable quality: Took 2 eggs for this, as this is always a problem and have yet to see any manufacturers solution for it other than going wireless. I know there is some solution somehow. The cable, near the jack, breaks on the inside like all headphones. I handle my cables with the utmost care and they still go.  7 headsets later and Im still replacing them every 3-6 months. This one made it 2 months or so...and Im not sure I want to even bother trying to replace it. Im guessing they were purposely made to go bad so you go buy another set. Until this stops being an issue Im giving every headset a 3/5. Other than that, this headset is OK.
Pretty great headphones until they broke 2 months beyond the warranty period. Completely lose sound at random on all devices thanks to the mini jack end of the cable breaking inside the cord. They endured daily use on PC / Xbox one, and sit at home unabused on a desk when not in use. I am disappointed there is not a sturdier cable at this price point. It is easy to find the fault, flexing the cable until the sound comes back. Will not buy this model again.
Ive had these for a little while and I use them consistently.  They sound great, have great sound range, good bass, and the mic is good.  They are really comfortable too.  I would recommend these to anybody, and I have, until now... THE FLAW is that I am no longer able to adjust the microphone level in the properties menu. They worked one minute, the next minute, no one can hear me, so I check the microphone level and notice it is at 0.0 dB.  I click on the slider and try to move it to the right to increase the level, but it will not move at all. I have looked online and other people have had this problem as well. I have tried to swap USB ports.  2.0 to 3.0. 3.0 to 2.0. Front of computer, back of computer.  No difference, I cannot adjust the microphone level. Used the USB sound card/volume changer to increase the microphone level, but to avail. I have also tried uninstalling the drivers for it and reinstalling them (Replugging them back in after uninstall, there is no downloadable software). There doesnt seem to be a fix to this, or at least not one that will produce optimal results.  The only "fix" I could find was to unplug the headset from the USB sound card (easy enough), then buy a splitter for the headset cord and plug in the head set cord into the splitter.  Then use the headset through the 3.5 MM jacks in the computer.  Thats great and all if you want to have the headset, but the whole reason I bought these was for the 7.1.  No 7.1, no reason to have them...
Ive had the Cloud II for almost a year. Ive used it on PC, as an online gaming headset, as well as for general-purpose computer tasks, such as listening to online videos and music files. Im posting this review because, as of yesterday, I finally got this headset to fully work to my liking. Up until that point, I was very disappointed. When I first received the Cloud II, I switched to the velour ear cups, because they felt very comfortable over my ears. I plugged the headset into the included USB sound card (they call it a dongle, but its just a specialized USB sound card), and it sounded awful, as in worst-headset-Ive-ever-used awful. Im no audiophile, but the low end was extremely quiet, the mid-range sounded distant, and the high end was loud, tinny, and occasionally nails-on-a-chalkboard shrill. I thought my headset might be defective, but after reading some comments about other headphones online, I switched back to the leatherette ear cups, which were installed by default. Viola, the bass showed up. It seems the headphones design expects cups that completely seal off your ears, which the velour cups fail to do. However, certain high frequency sounds still had a tendency to be ear-piercing. I tried enabling the faux-surround option on the "dongle", but it just seemed to add a muddy reverb to everything. I tried installing Equalizer APO, a Windows service that catches audio and filters it before it reaches the headphone output, and while it was capable of knocking back the ear-piercing frequencies, that resulted in EQ settings which were far too aggressive, that drained away other important sounds. I avoided using the headset for a few months out of annoyance, then decided to spend a little money to try a different route. I purchased this splitter: -- its not available at the moment, but there are similar products out there. This allowed me to split the 3.5mm TRRS connector on the headset into separate 3.5mm TRS microphone and stereo audio connectors. I plugged the headset directly into the audio inputs and outputs of my motherboard, and while it sounded better, there were still problems. First, I could now hear the whine of every component in my PC -- especially the coil whine of the video card while gaming. Second, while the lows and mids were improved, certain high frequencies still remained unpleasant to the ear. I fiddled with Equalizer APO until I found settings I could live with. A month ago, fed up with occasional harshness when sounds hit just the right frequency, I started thinking about the headsets issues once more. I figured that, given my history with the included "dongle", and the questionable coil-whining output of my motherboards sound card, the headset itself might not be the culprit. Rather, it was the messenger, informing me that my other sound hardware was cheap, terrible junk, not suitable for use with a headset featuring decent frequency response. So I nabbed this: -- one of many low-cost discrete USB sound card options. I plugged the headset into the splitter, plugged the splitter into the little USB sound card, and *finally*, I was greeted by crisp, clear sound across all frequencies. No video coil whine bleeding into the audio. Music, games, all a joy to listen to at any volume. Happiness, finally. To briefly touch on the microphone, its adequately sensitive -- better than a cheap $20 headset or game console pack-in, but theres nothing remarkable about the pickup. Ambient noise cancellation is only as good as the software that processes the signal, and the included sound card did a mediocre job. My motherboard input supported acoustic echo cancellation, which improved things a bit. The mic should be fine for in-game chat, but I would want something nicer for broadcast work, or at least some software post-processing before exposing a wide audience to my voice. So heres the short version: The headphones are great, especially for the price. The microphone is okay. The packaging is rather nice. The headphone drivers only work properly with the leatherette ear cups, and *not* the included velour cups. Either the included sound card is complete junk, or mine was horribly defective. A split Y-adapter to plug the headset directly into an existing sound card is *not* included -- a glaring omission, because any decent headset should be ready to be hooked up to a good headphone amp, right out of the box. So if you want more out of a headset than voice chat and listening for enemy footsteps, or you dont want to be forced to use the included sound card of questionable quality, expect additional expense to make this product worthwhile.
Headphones have great build quality and amazing sound but the usb sound card it comes with is very bad. The soundcard is a usb plug in, you plug the headphones (3mm plug) into the card then you plug the card into your computer via usb. The card has volume controls for the audio and the microphone which is very conviennent when it works. In order to use the mic on the computer you HAVE to use the soundcard and it is constantly disconnecting. I thought my unit was defective but it turns out a lot of people have this problem online. I cant rate this well because the entire product doesnt work. The headphones themselves are fine. But the soundcard is essential to get extra sound from your computer and it disconnects all the time which is very frustrating when Im playing PC games while skyping friends. Headphones work fine on PS4 but thats because Im not using the soundcard. 3 stars because of the poor soundcard but the headphones by themselves are definitely 5 stars.
The quality and frame is good. The biggest problem is the wire. Constantly tangles by itself.
Just didnt work well. Sound quality in game was horrible... Treble too high and no controls...
Bought them in April and really enjoyed them. 4 months later the cable started to fail. Id expect a little longer life out of an 80$ headset.
They sound great, and the audio output is great... however, theyre very fragile. I received this headset for my birthday earlier this year and already the audio output is completely gone and the input is failing as well (everything sounds distorted).
I got the headset in white/pink color after my previous one was just old and falling apart after using it constantly for years (I average 4+ hrs everyday gaming). When I first got it, I loved the packaging and the setup. It was comfortable, fit well, and everything was fine. Upon actually plugging in the headset and using it, I found that the volume was quite low and there was no way to alter it. Often times, I found that if I didnt talk louder than normal, or put the microphone attatchment close to my mouth, my friends/teammates could not hear me over voice communication. I noticed a lot of cutting in and out with the sound for some reason. Sometimes the headset would cut out completely and I would have to replug it in, after awhile, this stopped working and i would have to adjust the actual position until I found one that would allow the headset to reconnect to my computer. Overall, I was not happy with the quality as there seems to be some internal wiring/connection issues. For the price, I do not recommend these headphones since they did not work out for me. There are cheaper and much better quality headphones from Sentey which have really good reviews on amazon as well, so I recommend doing sound/mic test searches on youtube before buying these. I wont be buying another HyperX product as some of the products are more "hit or miss"
The sound is clear and my favorite gaming headset as of far. Comfortable, clear, and solid build... except the cable came pretty badly tangled and some of the thread had been off so now 4 months later... the braid is gone on a small  part of the cable... Only problem however.
mic died and has massive interference, dont bother, the headset is nice but the mic is trash, get a standalone mic and dont mess with gaming headsets
I plugged it in ready to use it and when I am playing and using the mic people say I sound like a robot. The mic is trash and dosnt work
Cable broke after a couple of months of use, but before it broke it had awesome mic quality and the headset was so comfortable even after hours of playtime on PC
Overall, they are well built and sound pretty good to me.  My son did not like the sound quality as much.  The big problem is the mic volume. We tried several things to enhance it but, could not get it to work adequately for our applications.  Some people, I have heard, purchase separate audio software to enhance it and some get better results. I dont want to buy more and fiddle with it to make it work correctly.  So they went back. The microphone is a deal breaker for us.
If you are a console gamer and need to use the 1/8 jack for this product, you lose the mute functionality (which is vital in a gaming headset) The product description is a bit leading, as it claims mute functionality, but does not mention that you only get that when you are using it as a USB headset with the included USB sound card. Why there is no in-line microphone mute switch on such an expensive set of headphones is a mystery to me.  And while the microphone is removable, it can only plug into the left ear piece.  If they made that work for both ears and added a proper mute switch this would be a 5 star product.
Didnt last a year
I wanted to like these. My siberia frost v2s recently went out, the USB connector disconnects with the slightest bump. Theyre not the most comfortable headset in the world either so I figured Id just buy a new one. These are pretty dang comfortable. Only complaint is the headband part that sits on your head is very noticeable. I havent worn these for more than an hour so cant say if it starts to hurt after a while but while the cups are nonexistant on your ears, you can definitely feel the headband pressing on the top of your head. The long cord is nice, my siberias had an unusually short cord which contributed to the damaged USB connector (always catching it on my elbow or computer chair). My biggest complaint with this headset is the poor sound quality. I was convinced by all the 5/5 star reviews praising the clarity and many saying it had a good punchy bass. I was not blown away by my first impression of this headset. The clarity was surprisingly crisp and clear. But music was missing something. So I typed in "bass boosted" songs in youtube and listened to one and...nothing. No bass. The song would get to the bass line and its almost like the headset went silent. I unplugged them to let it play through my cheap, crappy TV speakers and the bass boomed out of them. But nothing from this headset. Music almost sounds "tinny" because theres no punch from the missing bass. I mean Im not listening to dubstep 24/7 or anything but I like a rich bump to my music, you know? Even people talking sounds weird with this headset. I watch Lets Play videos with voice overs and I couldnt get over how strange the voices sounded. This headset picked up the little crackles and discrepancies from the youtubers mic that normally you wouldnt hear with most other headsets. I really, really wanted to like these. They look cool (I got the white and pink), feel very comfortable, come with interchangeable earpads, great packaging...but I cant fork over $85 for a headset that lacks any amount of bass and doesnt come with software to tweak it. My Siberia v2s were only $65 brand new and while they dont have that crystal clear clarity, they sure as hell have some nice boomy bass to make music listening a pleasure. And since Im on the topic, they also have a built-in retractable mic that still picks up your voice when its put in all the way, so you dont have a big bulky mic in the corner of your vision. I havent tested the Cloud 2s mic with friends but I didnt like having to plug it in to use it and having a big ball in the way of my mouth. But thats just a nitpick at this point.
Please dont buy this piece of junk. One of the earphones stopped working after about 8 months. Microphone sucks and I just cant believe that they are selling these for anywhere near the price of 100 dollars. It is a joke.
I bought this to mainly play on Xbox One and PS4 and I should have stuck with the Cloud 1 for that. I already have an original Cloud headset but my girlfriend took over that headset so I needed a new one for myself. I thought I would go with the Cloud 2 since it seems better but actually it is just the Cloud Core headset with a 7.1 surround sound usb dongle that only fully works on PC. Just know that unlike the Cloud 1, it does not come with a dongle to adjust the volume for consoles. Just like the core headset, you can only adjust the volume on the menus of your console. You only have the 3.5mm jack to work with, nothing else. Which just makes it annoying to go back and forth in the menus to change the volume. These headsets themselves are very nice and without a doubt the most comfortable but this one in particular is not that much different from a HyperX Cloud Core headset other than it coming with a 7.1 surround sound dongle and being about $30 more expensive. The headset itself Im sure is fantastic on the PC and PC players are the ones giving this 5 stars. However for console players dont make the same mistake I did, just go with the HyperX Cloud NOT the Cloud 2.
The head set itself is pretty good. The sound is clear, not a lot of bass though if that is what you are looking for. I only give it 2 stars because the microphone is garbage. It is decently comfortable to wear for extended periods, though I did suffer from ear fatigue (not due to volume). Kingston customer support is garbage. I will not purchase any of their products again because of that. (personal preference. I have never had any issues with their line of pc memory.) I have already returned this purchase to Amazon. I can not recommend this set. Side note: Kudos to Amazon; Customer service is top notch.
Edit: When you spend so much on a pair of headphones, you expect them to last a long time. Sadly these have broke just after about 1 years use.. disappointing. Speedy delivery, arrived on time. Packaging was really nicely presented. Have been using for several weeks now, sound quality is great (I was a little negative about the surround sound, but I was pleasently surprised. Microphone is clear and sturdy. Would recommend to anyone.
two year warranty only lasted 1 year we will see if they stand behind product
First off, the headphones are fantastic and I love them, but, the mic is cheap and after barely using it, it stopped working after just a few months. I would rate higher if it was not for the microphone.
Im not sure if I had a bad model or if the life span of this headset is short, because in a couple months of light usage, the right ear no longer produces sound
(DETAILS BELOW) Pros: * Comfortable * Decent audio quality for the price Cons: * Poor microphone quality * Microphone way too quiet * USB control box has driver issues on Windows * Virtual 7.1 surround sound is mostly useless Sound: pretty good, for the price point. Nothing to write home about, but at least it doesnt have anything egregiously wrong with it. No artefacting at highs, for instance. Its well balanced but a little muddy. The "virtual 7.1 surround sound" feature is unimpressive. I dont think it tries to play actual 7.1 audio in a way that simulates having a 7.1 system, but rather I think it applies a post-processing effect to any stereo audio to make it sound more reverberant. This in turn makes the audio tinny and introduces a lot of artefacting. Microphone: AWFUL! Sound quality is mediocre at best, the foam protector makes little difference with pops, and its WAY TOO QUIET. It seems many others on the net have this problem too. In Windows, if youre using the USB control box, you cant add any mic gain through Windows itself, you have to use the control box. And the control box doesnt give any indicator of where the mic volume, unlike the earphone volume which does show up as an overlay on your screen when you tweak it. And it resets every time you unplug the USB control box, so you have to max it out again. I use this mic for streaming so in order to get it to be even audible I have to crank the game volume down on my stream and use an audio ducking software to lower the game audio further when I speak. I realize this is a directional mic, but I have oriented the mic every which way to make sure Im maximizing the signal. And its still too quiet. Tried to get a firmware update but I already have the latest firmware. I havent tried using a splitter to plug my headset directly into my motherboards audio/mic jacks yet, but I shouldnt have to buy one - the included USB control box should enhance my experience, not frustrate me. Form: well, Ill give the Cloud II some credit, the form factor is very nice even for someone with a big head like me. Normally wearing headphones gives me a headache after a few hours but I can wear this for at least 4 hours before it starts to get uncomfortable. It doesnt have any particular pressure points on the ear cups or the headband. So from a comfort perspective this headset is actually really nice. In summary, if this was a $50 pair of just headphones, Id be giving this a 5 star review. But for almost $100 I should be getting a pretty good mic with no software problems.
I couldnt get the microphone to work despite a reasonable amount of time troubleshooting and was too lazy to return it in time.  RIP a bunch of money.  The headphones are extremely comfortable and have good sound quality for a headset, though merely adequate in the realm of real headphones.  Im giving it a 2 but if the mic worked itd be a 5.
Sounds great for a headset and is very comfortable but the microphone is crap.
Very comfortable headset.  It is a shame the mic only lasted 7 months. The mic outputs "crackling" noises.  Not what I expected when I paid close to 100 dollars for it.  Ive had 15 dollar Logitec mics that have lasted years.
Brought these about a year ago and they were absolutely amazing, unfortunately now the cable doesnt seem to work well anymore as it needs adjustment to even get one side of the headphones to work :(
I purchased these and after about 2 weeks, the microphone stopped working.  I had Amazon replace them, thinking it was some kind of fluke.  Well, the microphone on the second pair lasted about 3 weeks before it stopped working.
Bass is weak Mic quality is ok. Mic input port however is blocked so other mics cannot be easily inserted. You have to cut away some of the plastic. Distance between ears and speaker is nearly 0 - my ears press again them. Very well build head set I have to say!
Microphone went out after only 6 months of normal use. Will have to RMA the product out.
I received the red HyperX Cloud II headset as a Christmas gift last year. Theyre very, VERY comfortable compared to the Logitech G430 (expensive, uncomfortable plastic ear cups). Unfortunately, Im only able to use these at 1/10th the maximum volume because they get very loud, leaving little room for volume adjustments with various different programs running on my computer. Some pros: - Removable/adjustable mic. I keep these removed most of the times as I prefer to keep my anger to myself while playing Overwatch. - Soft leather ear cups that fit perfectly on my ear and an even softer headband area. - Good quality build that has yet to squeak or make any concerning/annoying noises. Cons (reason for 3/5 stars): - LOUD. As of writing this review, my computer volume is on 6/100 and YouTube is on 25/100. Over half a year of use and Ive never went past 10/100 volume on my computer while keeping the headset on my head. These headsets can be used as a speaker, which I often do. However, I find it annoying and non-sensible as to why these headsets are so loud at lower volumes. Ive talked to Kingston support a month or two ago and was basically told that the design of these headsets were for gaming (obviously) so theyre loud. These headsets are unbearably loud and most times I find myself using them as speakers rather than their actual purpose of a headset. Ive tried a wide variety of solutions, along with what Kingston support had to offer, short of a replacement. If anyone has found a solution to this, please let me know!
The only thing for using this for ps4 is that you cant adjust mic/game volume, the volume box doesnt work for the ps4 only pc. And you cannot hear yourself when you talk (which I like). Yes it does have good sound quality but my friends who i would talk to online would be too loud, louder than the games i play. And i couldnt change that. So im returning it, next time ill research it more...
Got it in the mail and was super excited to use....opened them up and I immediately hear crackling...Im now going to buy the Hyper X Cloud I, these are not worth it at all!
These are advertised as noise cancelling and they are not.
Wish the head phones have one more size to go bigger - the biggest these head phones go is like a 7 5/8 fitted hat size... thats the hat size I wear, thats about how big these head phones are at their MAX... definitely great headphones if you have a smaller head.  Also if you have bigger ears, the head phone cup size will make your ears bunch up inside there, making 2-3 hour sessions HURT like a mofo!  After gaming for 2 hours I cant even touch the cartilage in my ear, it is so sore.  EEverything technical about these headphones, directional sound, etc - amazing.  I moved OFF my Audio Technica ATH headphones looking for a closed noise cancelling set with a mic built in - but unfortunately these things are not comfortable for bigger people  If youre over 60 tall - forget these, chances are the headset is too small
Longest lasting headphones we have ever bought. But did quit working about 10 mins into heavy daily use. Hoping the warranty policies works out for us. But I have little hope!
I am writing this about 3 months from when i bought this and its pretty good. Pros: Comfy, good clamp, detachable mic, good sound. Cons: The microphone is barely audible unless you get really close to it, and then its just quiet, and the microphone wire is now loose.
Really wanted to like this headset. Sound quality, comfort level, ease of use with USB dongle, setup are all excellent. Microphone quality was poor and my volume was always SUPER quiet, no one could ever hear me. I had to get boosting software (3rd party) just so my teammates on games to hear me which made the quality absolute garbage. Then I called up HyperX support and they were super awesome and helpful and sent me replacement usb dongle and microphone which I thought would fix it. NOPE. Still couldnt hear anything, getting full refund. Look up quiet microphone issues before purchasing. Its super common especially with windows 10 and you cant change settings through windows because of its onboard soundcard in dongle.
So I want to start by saying Im a fairly hardcore gamer. Ive used turtle beach headsets exclusively since I started highschool and saved the money to buy my first pair. That pair lasted 3 years. Then I upgraded to a new pair which lasted 4 more years. Recently they decided to start dying so I went out to look for a cheaper brand of headset since my income is limited these days and I found the HyperX Cloud headsets. One of my close friends threw out a recommendation for them and I saw good reviews so I decided to buy myself a pair. The thing about me is I have a big head, a lot of people like to say they have a big head, but I actually do. I read reviews of people with "big heads" having no trouble wearing the headset so I felt safe. Anyways after receiving the headset and popping it open (They really do package it very nicely, quality quality quality) I tried the headset on and felt confused. I spent 15 minutes playing with it trying to figure out how to extend it further. No way it was fully extended. A good chunk of my earlobe get crushed under the padding of the headset from one side or the other and it turns out that was the max the ear pieces extend. So now I game with broken immersion from titles and constant ear annoyances because my headset seems to have been build for smaller people. The headset itself is great, if you have a normal sized head I highly recommend it. I expected a poor quality mic, and although it is inferior to what I was using I find it works just fine. As well as the sound quality, very top notch for the price. If I stuff my ears in the headset I can get the noise cancellation effect and its really great. I only wish I knew that it wouldnt fit before I bought it, but it is what it is. Didnt get around to returning it so Ill put up with it until I get a replacement. Just wanted to let everyone know, if you wear fitted hats above size 8, try a different headset. Edit: So its been almost a year and my headset wire decided to cut off the right ear unless i bend it a certain way. It wasnt under and unusual stress or anything. Just decided to stop working. A year isnt a long time, doesnt seem  quality anymore.
The sound quality on this is really something to admire, but the microphone is very quiet.  If youre getting these, I dont recommend using the USB plug if you intend to use the microphone. Other than that though, theyre excellent.
Hello friend from Amazon. I bought Cloud 2 headset 4-5 months ago. When i receive it i upgraded firmware of my usb sound card. Afterwards sound of headset gone very low with usb dongle. 0005 downgrades sound quality a lot. After this i try to contact Hyperx. I try to reach Hyperx Turkey from facebook, email and contact form, i didnt get any return emails or messages from them. They posting medias, texts, videos on social media but no respond. After i talked with Hyperx Community (international Facebook page). Anyways they said they going to send me replacement dongle. I give them my address information as requested. Afterwards they answered me like Talk with turkish support. I tryed again and no answers. I give it up.. stopped using headset anymore. After i said i should try again. I contacted hyperx community again from Facebook. They replied me and told me Turkish support going to help to me. I send my dongle on 25.06.2016 to the Turkish technical service. I asked whats going on to my dongle at 27.06.2016. They said there is no problem with your dongle, we will send it back to you. I said to them i want replacement, service guy accepted it. I got new dongle today on 28.06.2016. After i got dongle i tried it and it has hissing sound broken 7.1 button and broken inside! Cable has damages it has scratches and more. Scratches or other things no problem but it has hissing sound. I call support they said you have to send complete product. I said i wont gonna send it. I asked for my original dongle and they couldnt find it. They said they going to send me new dongle but i dont trust any of them. Anyways when i was trying to get support from HyperX Community (International) they blocked me from their Facebook page. Blocking people want help is total joke! Which support team does that?
When I first got it the surround sound didnt work, though I got a new one for free and fairly quick. Now about a year later I am having static which again is a problem with the usb dongle. I would suggest another set of headphones that you dont have to constantly have to contact customer support
MY SON USES THEM AND SO FAR SO GOOD
I had these for a 11 months and today the right side stopped playing sound... It will only play sound if the cord is held a certain way. I dont unplug my headset often so there is no reason for this to have happened. I had really high hops for this headset as they sound great and are really comfy, but Im highly disappointed that I didnt even get a years worth of use out of something I paid $100 for. Hopefully Ill be able to get this resolved :(
I have had this for about 6 month and I have had nothing but problems with it. The built in USB driver system is very faulty and always says that the headset is disconnected. Today it has finally will not say it is connected to the computer no matter what USB port I use. I have show disabled devices and the headset/mic are not there.
The headset has good sound quality, and is very comfortable with the memory foam. Love the removable mic. My main issue with this product is that after owning it for roughly a year it has stopped working. The sound now comes in and out and sometimes all you can hear is a weird clicking. Have used different headsets on my computer and used this headset on a different computer to confirm the headset is the issue. For a relatively high end product a 1 year lifespan is terrible.
Was comfortable initially, but I would not recommend this headset for an individual with a large head. After approximately 30 minutes of wear, I removed the headset and had that feeling of freedom and release you feel after removing a tight helmet.
If you are getting these for their supposed surround sound capabilities DONT!  I have no idea where they get off calling these 7.1 surround sound.  Theyre not even 5.1.  Heck they can not even compete with Dolby Pro Logics 3.1.  I ran many test and can hear no difference between front and rear sounds.  All the 7.1 feature doees is basically add some EQ and reverb to create a fake sense of space. Other than their utter lack of surround sound capabilities they seem like a decent headset.  The mic seems a on the quiet side based on my tests and is not as good as my stand alone analogue $10 Logitech mic from 10 years ago. I have to to play with these in a game but if my opinion changes Ill make an edit. As of now they seem like a decent gaming head set but ZERO surround sound capability.
This is one of four Hyperx Cloud Gaming headsets I have purchased (2 original Cloud and 2 Cloud II sets.)  All are less than a year old.  The sound quality is fantastic.  Unfortunately on one set the right ear doesnt work at all, and one set it works intermediatly.  These headset are stored on  stands when not in use.
Terrible comfort for people with larger than average heads. The ear cups didnt even fit over the ear either, they were directly on top my ears rather than completely surrounding them.
SERIOUSLY TERRIBLE PRODUCT! Broke after only 2 months of having them. It plays incredible poor audio, scratches so you cant hear a thing. ALso the Microphone doesnt work. Terrible product, Overpriced, and much better alternatives.
Worked well for the first few months, but now the mic no longer works, and I have not received a response about a replacement.
Ive gone though two headsets (the Cloud and the Cloud II) and both left much to be desired. The audio pops and crackles constantly and after a few months, the microphones on both sets inexplicably died, receiving no input from my voice at all. I thought the first set was just bad luck, but the second one confirms that these headsets dont have what it takes for the long haul. I treat my headsets extremely well, and dont have a dog or anything that would mess with them. Im the only one who uses them and so I keep them nice and well cared for. That this has happened twice is being reproachful. Save yourself the headache and just spend the money on a nicer pair of headphones.
I’m trying to find a replacement for my current PS4 gaming set up and I’m getting frustrated w/these companies marketing console owners when the only way to get the full benefit is running them through a PC.  I’ve watched so many reviews on these HyperXCloud II’s and was convinced my search was over.  Unfortunately, as a console owner, I felt the marketing for these was deceptive. If you have a PS4 and not a PC gamer – STAY AWAY. I could care less about construction if they don’t sound good when I use them.  The toggle switch is only good for the PS4 when you boot up the system.  The volume controls on the toggle are worthless.  And if they did work, why would I want the option to turn myself down as opposed to the other gamers in my party?  I don’t get it.  Sony provides a sufficient mic testing under their settings so this option is an obvious PC option, but provides no benefit to console gamers. Does the 7.1 work?  I guess, but unfortunately, the volume isn’t sufficient enough to really benefit from it.  And when the voices of the gamers within my party are just as loud as the game volume, what does it matter when the Master volume through the PS4 setting is all I have? “You get so much for under $100.” – a popular quote from the You Tube “reviewers”  The extra extension is still not long enough  The extra ear pads are a pain to change  The toggle is worthless for a console And they are NOT as comfortable as advertised – the pleather cans get hot REALLY quick.  I couldn’t handle it more than a few matches. Take this review for what it’s worth, but it’s honest.  The companies need to really start being more transparent when they are marketing their gaming headsets because if the consumer can’t get the full functionality of what the product has, they are NOT for that system – period.
I have owned the hyper x cloud 2 headset for about four months now. In that time they served me well, and were a good headset. That is, until yesterday. The left side speaker went out, and so did the mic. Sometimes if I moved around the wire just right I could get it to work, but only for a few seconds. This is after I had taken very good care of the headset, never dropped it, and so on. Overall, its pretty awful that these things only went four months before breaking internally, so I give it two stars.
Plug and play? LOL ABSOLUTELY NOT. I have spent many hours trying to get this things to work. I can hear everyone, they sound fine but they echo like hell and no one can hear me. I give up. I have looked at every forum, help desk and can no longer spend time messing with this. I consider myself an expert computer user btw. Yes I updated the firmware. Windows still locks the mic headset volume. I have spend 5 hours with this. I would spend $300 to not have wasted my very limited time dealing with something like this. Yes its my default on recording and playback. No idk why this crap wont work.
The headset sound quality is excellent and they are extremely comfortable to wear. I was torn between these and a Turtle Beach of the same caliber. I decided to go with these and was extremely happy until now. I use them for gaming on my Xbox One. Its seems as though the audio plug on the headset has gone bad and will not deliver sound to both ear peices. I only get sound out of one side. I contacted customer service to exchange them and that was over a month ago and nothing has been resolved. The headset is great but their customer service is terrible. I wish I had gone with the Turtle Beach and saved myself the headache of trying to exchange something that is obviously a manufacturing flaw. I would not recommend buying these solely based on my experience. If a company does not value its customers any more than this then workmanship in a product will follow suit.
Piece of junk. I bought these for my son last Christmas and the mic hasnt worked for over 4 months. I posted a review some time back but it must have gotten deleted by Amazon. I need a replacement mic but am getting no help from Kingston or Amazon. SAVE YOUR MONEY. Buy something worthwhile.
After approximately 90 days, the left driver grew noticeably quieter than the right, leading centered audio to be heavily skewed.
Doesnt feel great on my head, and it broke within a year
Great sound quality but he mic never worked. Very comfortable and does very well with bass.
Lasted just over a year before the sound card section of the headset started to malfunction due to loose wiring. Also, the built in sound card heats up with microphone use. Sound quality was otherwise good.
micro does a lot of undesirable noises after few weeks of use...
Mic Died After 3 months, and cord shorted after 4. not pleased
terrible sound quality. no directional sound whatsoever for FPS games.. I play CS:GO professionally and bought into the hype... the hype is not real. Keep moving on!! Besides.. who wants to buy a bad ass headset just to go buy an amp for it?????? How is that value adding to me as a consumer? Its not..
Broke after a few months. The problem is in the wiring/soldering of the control box on the cord. :(
Used to work great, but after about a year the cable deteriorated and the mic barely works anymore. They are still good headphones, but only without the mic in, which doesnt work when you want to play with friends. Would be a lot happier if they had more durability, as they were treated well.
If you have a PS4, just pass on this. Cant control the mic or the volume and sounds pretty low volume. I shouldve tested this item right away when I got it, now I cant return it. On the PC side though is a different story since it works as it should.
Lightweight, comfortable, isolates outside noise well, great microphone. Good sound quality. USB in-line sound card seems to add a lot of static especially when using the 7.1 feature and the audio control is too sensitive.
alright, maybe my head is just freakishly big, but this headset is just too small. at its longest it doesnt reach far enough to cover my ears comfortably - ive never had this problem with a headset before. because of this, it ruins it for me. it isnt comfortable to wear. this frustrates me ESPECIALLY since the headset is perfect in every other way save for, maybe, the mic. its memory foam pads are exceedingly comfortable, and the bit going above your head isnt uncomfortable at all. the materials its made out of are great - the frame is brushed aluminum. it comes with surround sound and a dongle to adjust mic and headset volumes. its everything you could possibly ask for in a headset (unless youre an audiophile). its just TOO SMALL for me. im very disappointed.
Worked very well for a couple months. Then just broke. Mic wont work and audio cuts out at times. Disappointed.
3/5 stars Pros: -Very comfortable -Comes with 2nd pair of cups -Sound sounds better (for me) when the 7.1 effect is in the "off" position (the unit comes with a weak soundcard that is part of the extension cable -Extension cable is quite long (probably 8 feet; did not measure it) -Decent sound Cons: -Sound could be better a lot better; I prefer some base to my sounds (especially when it comes to music) and these really dont have a large enough driver for it) -No swivel; I like my over the ear cups to sit just right on my head; these do not sit flat against my head because the cups are not mounted on arms that can swivel -Main cord is too short; it does come with an extension (connected to the weak soundcard) but if something happens to that little device youll have to purchase a 3rd party extension which doesnt cost much at all (~4.00USD) -Cannot utilize my RealTek amp/EQ with this unit; probably because it is USB connector whilst the RealTek audio software displays analog port (digital port does show up, but it cannot be activated with this headset) I did not test the mic. Over all it was ok. If you prefer deeper crisp base with adjustable sounds, I recommend the Seinnhauser WirelessTR 175
Had it for 5 months and it stopped working.  Just like your pro teams, they do nothing but hype then choke.  Not a scratch on it and looks great but it broke.
When working correctly, this product is great. However, the dongle portion malfunctions and prevents you from using it. Ive even replaced the part and it still broke. Due to this, Im going to look elsewhere for a better lasting product. Its not worth replacing every 8 months.
These headphones did not even last 4 months for me before I started having chord issues. If I move the chord around right next to the control panel the headphones crackle and turn on and off. This issue started this morning, and now tonight they are totally unusable. There is no visible damage on the outside.
very bad headphones. not worth the price they charge (90).this should cost more like 25 bucks. the bass is extremely low on this headset.dont buy if you want to hear the bass. i tested this headset in games and music and it perform very bad. the 7.1 is a joke,this is the worst 7.1 i ever tried.you should go for the logitech g933 if you want to hear 7.1 and a good bass. the only good thing about this headset is that it is very very comfortable,the sound was it weakest point.
The headset broke in 1-yr. No sound at all now.
The cord makes me want to killmyself. It raps in the weirdest ways. The audio quality is pretty decent, and the mic quality is waaay overhyped.
They arent loud at all on PS4 the dongle dont work with the ps4 cant control mic or headphone volume. Total bulls*** and dissapointed Ill be sending them back and only had for couple hours.
the only reason i didnt rate these 5 stars is because my mic is very quiet and it wont let me turn up the sound on the mic so my friends can hear me, if anyone has an idea on how to fix this I would appreciate the help :)
These broke after 4 months of very light use. Of course there is no warranty or return on those.
This headset is very heavy and the mic volume is very low even when turned all the way up. Also, they are closed so the sound space is just meh. That said, they are definitely a great headset for the right user. If you like a tight fit, a little weight and no noise bleed then they are ideal. The base reproduction is kind of lacking and if you are looking for something for music listening, these are not for you. The only complaints I have are subjective and therefore the headset got 3 stars. Personally I like my $25 Turtle Beach Z11 better.
Good quality product. USB dongle doesnt work with PS4. Very low base
My main issue with this headset is that the microphone is ridiculously soft unless it is right next to your mouth, at which point it picks up your breathing and just becomes really annoying to listen to. Because the headset comes with its own soundcard, you cant adjust the volume of the microphone through the PC sound settings, and can only adjust it through the soundcard, which, honestly, doesnt help at all.
Headset is super comfortable, and great sound.  Cable with the USB Dongle is plenty long enough to wrap it out of the way.  Would be 5/5 however the mic went from crystal clear for the first 8 months to dead.  After talking with support they gave me a link to buy a new mic for 15 bucks direct form the hyperx website.  Got the new mic in 4 days, however new mic still not working.  So if you buy these you may want to buy an extended warranty, because mfr warranty is 6 months.  I like these so much I am planning on using them, just took the mic out and recapped it.  Going to just use a standalone mic. Update: Original headset still sounds great and still has the dead mic, even after purchasing new mic and even the USB cable.  I loved the headset sound so much I bought another for at home at best buy.  Went for the Revolver, but that was out of stock.  Well this time everything was great until today, mic has pure static.  Unplug the mic and headphones still showing the static, put the new mic in from last time and same.  Unplug it from the controller and static leaves the recording.  With it plugged in and mic muted, no static.  Leads me to believe its not the detachable mic or the dongle, but the headset itself.  So I did what anyone else would do, ordered a brand other then Hyper X.  After looking at some reviews on headsets, I am going to give SteelSeries Arctis 7, with Prime now they should be here within the hour!
bought it may 2016 ..  right side failing in September 2016 . quality was very acceptable but this goes from 5 stars to 1.. Ive owned other headsets way cheaper that lasted way longer... Im completely disappointed
i is NOT durable...
the headphones were broken once I got them
Mic sounds terrible, got a refund. Actual sound quality is good.
Purchased a HyperX Cloud II headset eleven months ago after hearing so many great things about the headset from reviews. The headset had great sound, it was comfy to wear for hours at a time without comfort issues like some other headsets, and it felt like a quality built headset; until around month nine.  Around month nine of owning the headset is when I started having issues with it. The first issue I encountered was the USB-Sound-card stopped working which required me to submit my first RMA with Kingston, luckily it was still under warranty. After receiving the replacement USB cable everything went back to normal and was working great, but this was short lived. Month eleven, two months after the first issue, the right side speaker stops producing sound. Again this required me to submit another RMA with Kingston for a replacement, except this time the RMA ran into issues.  Two weeks after sending in my headset for an RMA and without any updates from Kingston, I decide to contact Kingstons support to see the status of the RMA; only to be told oops sorry we didnt send out a replacement and that it has just been sitting there for two weeks. I took the utmost care of this headset, being sure to hang it up on a headphones stand after each use and yet it has already required two RMAs within the first eleven months of owning it. I have past headsets that have worked for years without an issue and still work to this very day, only to be replaced when the wear and tear of using them for years becomes too great. The headset is great when its working, but the build quality is its downfall.
The headphones right side ears sound went out after 4 months.  This gift was the only thing my 14 year old son asked for his birthday. He loved them and he kept really good care of them placing them in the box when he was done gaming at night. Im writing a review for others. I wouldnt have bought them had I known the poor quality.
I bought these for my sons birthday gift as it had great reviews. It was a nice headset before it broke. However these lasted only 2 weeks before the wires became loose inside and only would play out of one side of the headset. After researching this is a big issue with this product. I wish I had picked something else. Do not recommend this product.
I dont use the leather ear cups because they hurt but it comes with dope soft earcups that allows you to hear the outside. Also the mic is okay. December 2015 - November 2016 3.5 Broke and I have no idea how to like get help with it. I can fix it but its gonna cost me. Pretty sure warrenty covers it but whatever right.
This would be a 5 star review if it were not for two issues. One is a minor annoyance, but the other is devastating. First the annoyance. The cord builds up torsion so once or twice a play session you have to unplug the headset from the controller and let the torsion out of the cables. You can demonstrate this torsion buildup by taking a ~1 ft section of cord and holding it out parallel to the ground, then move your hands together some to give slack, then act like you are pedaling a bike, the cord starts spinning up on itself and twisting even though neither end of the cable spins. This means if you move around a lot in your chair as you play the cord starts bunching up on itself. Second, the devastating issue. Today I noticed that one side was louder than the other. Initially I thought it was my game, then I noticed it on youtube videos. I put the headset on backwards and verified that it was indeed louder on one side and it was not just my ears. I tracked this down to changing the volume on the controller. It seems sometimes when turning down the volume one side or the other randomly gets quieter than the other. Turning the volume up a notch or two brings them back in line. Changing the volume manually through my audio panel does not result in this issue. Other than those two issues they are a great headset for the money. Awesome sound quality and the mic is pretty decent for the price range. The pads are comfortable and the headband is wonderful. I have had a couple times where I completely forgot I was wearing them.
My friend just received these in the mail a day earlier than expected and instantly fell in love with them. Crystal clear sound, easy to assemble and the microphone quality is by far the best Ive ever heard during voice calls on Skype. Customer support was helpful and quick to respond when I asked them about why the shipment was delayed, and the tracking details were easy to follow and very informative. I will definitely be ordering from Amazon again in the future. Edit: I have received word that her USB dongle is defected, and as Ive been doing research Ive found she is not the only one that has had this issue. With this in mind, Kingston will never have another cent from me.
Hurt my ears.  Im 64" and this just hurt my head/ears after wearing for 30 minutes.
I loved the headset while it worked. Great sound and comfortable to wear. Unfortunately a wire somehow has come loose within the cords and I no longer get any sound from them. They still function as a mic but I am now forced to use my speakers while gaming with friends which I do not enjoy.
Had the headset for 4 months and the left ear stopped working.
First of all, Im going to start out by saying that this is without a doubt one of the best pair of headsets I have owned. The comfort is beyond belief and I can wear these for several hours at a time without even feeling any kind of discomfort when I take them off (hurting ears etc). The sound quality is amazing and the overall design is very cool. Looks very good sitting at my desk. But! As I have no doubt about its performance, these failed me somewhere even my cheap $20 headset never failed me. One side stopped working after five months. Its a problem that i have seen in the earphones for my phone where one side stops working. It can be momentarily fixed by bending the cable close to the plug to various angles (which will damage them even more). Then after a day, that stopped working as well.Now I have one of my best headsets with one side not working. It can be very irritating. I have made sure to take good care of my electronic devices and this was no different. But somewhere along the way, this happened. Though I liked these pair of headsets very much, I would only recommend these if youre willing to think of my case as bad luck.
Function-wise it works. Nothing broken. However, the headband is WAY too small. I can smash it on my skull and make it fit, but it becomes uncomfortable after 1-2 hours. In addition, the clamping force is too tight. Go and watch video reviews and youll see people testing clamping force by simply holding the headphones sideways. Usually, the earcups freely drop by like 2 inches. These headphones do not have any "natural give"  when you hold them sideways. The earcups hold firmly next to each other. If you think I havent "broken them in", let me say that I have played 113 hours on Fallout 4, 70 hours on the Division, and 70 hours on CS:GO with this headset. They are still tight and stiff. Thus, even though the headset works, I cant wear it. I finally gave up after my skull started pulsating in pain. If HyperX had made the headband sliders like 1 inch longer on both sides then I wouldve given them a 4/5 stars. Im 58", 150 lbs so Im no giant. I just have a more rectangular head. Thus, if you have even the slightest above average head DO NOT get this.headset.
Garbage software issues, dont waste your money, also very uncomfortable..extreme waste of money
All of my friends are complaining about "pulsing noise" when I talk. Ive tried using different platforms such as Skype, Discord, Ventrilo... and its all the same. I have to use Push-To-Talk because of this noise and makes me not want to talk because of the annoyance it causes to others. It started happening a couple months ago and Im not sure how to fix it. Returning doesnt work either because its been over a month. Can anybody guide me or how to fix it?
the microphone could be  A LOT better, overall i think for the price of this vs say g930s or g35s, this is meh.
Cord is way to short and the usb dongle has way too many issues, just hope you dont get a bad one like I did
The USB dongle is not recognized by my computer. For a while I only needed to be careful not to make sudden movements or I would have to reconnect it, but now it simply does not work. I know that it is this devices USB in particular because the same port works with other devices, and this device does not work in any ports. On top of this, it works fine with the phone jack.
I love the headset, now the wire has been driving my crazy, it is one of those wires that likes to curl up and get all tangled, its putting a strain on my wires which is making it alot shorter. Anyways headset is amazing, wire just drives me nuts.
So I bought this headset almost 3 months ago and already the wiring at the 3.5mm jack is failing under normal usage!
Really bad I dont recommend any one to buy this product the way the handle the warranty its really mess up. This is the second time I send mine cuze the sound cut off on me few times. For all u gamers out there bad product..
The volume control does not work when plugged into the PS4, this can be remedied with a remote though so it is not a huge problem unless you are using a monitor, like me, which has no speakers itself and therefore no remote. I had to pause my games and go into options to manually turn the volume up and down; a huge inconvenience when playing FPS Coop games like Call of Duty where gameplay is live and pause is not an option. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE 12/02/16 The USB/Volume control cord which is in perfect condition no longer is recognizable by my computers. If I plug it in the cord works unless I move which means the wire inside came loose some where, which is crazy considering the price and quality of the braided cord. Th headphones work flawlessly when plugged into the audio jack but the USB cord isnt recognized on any of the computers I plug it into in the house. It may recognize it for a minute but once you move the cord a error message pops up in the lower corner saying USB device is not recognized due to malfunctioning. The cord actually stopped working about 4-5 months ago, I just now decided to let everyone else know about this aggravating situation I have experienced with the product.
GOOD: -The packaging is good looking, organized, well protected. -It comes with a nice bag to store all the stuff which is super handy, plus one of those airplane adapters. -Sound is great -All the buttons on the USB Adapter are very handy Neutral/Personal Opinion: -while the ear-cuffs are comfortable, the headband could be better. -I dont feel it stays put on my head so much as others headsets Ive tried...this one moves a little bit -If you dont use the USB adapter (like for example if you are using it with your phone), you lose all the controls, you cannot change volume, mute, etc. -I dont really get the point of 7.1, I dont feel it sounds better. BAD: -The buttons feel kind of cheap, plasticky sounding. -The jack for the microphone comes with a little cover that you have to completely remove, it doesnt stay hanging or anything like that. Im going to lose that s***, guaranteed. -Super uncomfortable to hold on the neck. -I may have to do some googling to see if there is a fix but I have an HTC One M9 and when I plugged in the headsets they werent recognized by the device. I have to have the microphone hooked up to the headset for it to be recognized. Super weird and super inconvenient since you dont want to walk around the street with the mic. -The HyperX logo on the USB Adapter glows red and as far as I know it cannot be turned off. It can be annoying at night. CONCLUSION: Overall the headsets are good, they are handy, good looking and sound great...but they have a ton of little inconveniences and so they end up feeling like they are not worth $100.
If you are any sort of gamer who actually bought what people had to say about this product, then you have been made blissfully unaware of this headsets lacking. There is no audio loop-back what-so-ever, unless you plan on never using the microphone this product definitely isnt for you! Basically, they marketed their stellar surround sound but overlooked the fact that you cannot hear yourself speaking while wearing the headset, which for me totally eliminates half of its entire purpose! If you game with friends, DO NOT BUY THIS HEADSET!
This headphone works great and the sound is awesome. However, Ive got an above-average sized head and this headphone sits very tight on my head and my ears. It doesnt cause discomfort if it sits right, but sitting right is hard to get.
I bought this headset after returning a corsair vengeance H2100 wireless gaming headset due to its awful microphone. I read a lot of reviews saying that this product was "game changing" and "the best for its price" but honestly I dont understand what the hype is all about. I use these for PC gaming on games like fallout 4, CS GO, and a few others.. and this headset performed a little less than average. Here are my pros and cons -Pros The packaging is the best Ive ever seen. Kingston really took the time to make a beautiful product and you can tell they took every approach to make sure the headset doesnt get damaged on delivery. -The build is really solid. From the comfortable soft leather ear cups to the metal frame and beautiful stitching, the hyperx cloud II really does LOOK like a product thats worth more than its current price. -The USB fob is actually really handy. It allows you to increase the volume of your headset AND the output of your microphone. Previous headsets that I have owned only allowed volume control. It also has the option to turn 7.1 surround sound on and off. -Good microphone. The mic removes a good amount of ambient noise for a clear broadcast. Its also detachable and extremely flexible. -Cons Honestly, I have only one con, but for me its a HUGE deal breaker. I bought this headset strictly for gaming. I own a pair of Bose headphones for day to day music. The sound quality is nice, in and out of games. But the problem with this headset is how it sounds when it comes to spatial orientation. I noticed that when I play FPSs like CS:GO; your own bullets were very loud. It made sound that was closest to you louder than necessary, causing distant sound to be quiet. This loud sound overwhelmed the headset to the point where it was hard to tell if the player is behind you, on top of you, or coming out the door next to you. On top of that, if a gun was shot from a medium to long range distance (and assuming we are not looking towards the gunshot, but rather we are facing to the side), the noise would start to faint, but as soon as you turn towards the sound, the faint becomes louder, which distorts footsteps and makes it difficult to position the enemy. The same problem goes for footstep noise. This headset kicks major butt when it comes to hearing distant footsteps, but placement of them at a medium range distance is difficult as hell. I hope that this headset was just a bad model but I highly doubt it since I read similar reviews online. In short: This is a great looking headset with a solid build and decent sound quality, but placement of noise is very poor.
I loved these headphones. Great sound quality mic worked well, loved the surround sound, the best set I personally have ever owned. Well after about 9 months of use the cord leading into the headset has broken somewhere inside and now the mic no longer works. I only wore them and then placed them on my desk when I wasnt using them and am a bit disappointed that they went out this way. Looking at the reviews it doesnt seem to happen very often so I would highly recommend them, but I cant give them 5 stars because of this issue.
The audio quality has horrible. The mic quality.... abysmal. Never again.
I had this headset for about 2 and a half  months before they just completely stopped working. They were really great for that little while but in one day they went from fine to will not function. I dont recommend these to anyone unless they want to buy another pair within 2 months
I have bought two sets of these headphones for each of my sons.  The model before this one lasted 6 months before they sound went dead in one ear.  These, that I was told was a better model, has lasted 4 months.  On one headset, the mic broke and on the other, again the sound went dead in one ear.  So, Ive spent about $300-350 on headsets in the past year.  Would never recommend.
Product lasted for less than a year. Audio and mic were both great while they worked, but for $100 headset that was pampered it didnt last long enough. Over the course of the past couple of months of use, the headset began randomly disconnecting and reconnecting, and then it just stopped working entirely. This happened to me during the middle of a webinar (which I paid to attend). Windows says the device has malfunctioned and is unrecognizable. Google says this isnt uncommon for these headsets. All-in-all, pretty disappointed with the product.
The main thing that is an issue with this product is the volume control section, the issue that I have had with this product is over the month and a few days that I have had it, compared to all of the head gear that I have had the wiring died out the fastest, unless the cords leading from the volume control to the USB slot was poorly made, then this products wiring needs some work.
Little tight for my kid, but overall its comfortable.
There are some definite issues. The audio quality is there when it works, but for quieter things it leaves much to be desired. I bought my version from newegg, and when I got it, it had static out of the box which is still a problem, especially when listening to quieter music. This persists no matter what I try. If Hyperx is out there and has a solution, Im waiting for it. Oh, and theres a popping sound occasionally. Not often, but noticeable. Solid build quality. though. Feels nice and comfortable.
These headphones are very comfortable, and would honestly give them 4 stars just for that. However, the sound card that comes with these headphones is not capable of handling sounds that are not at least 75% volume. This becomes extremely annoying and obvious when I am trying to listen to some light background music while doing homework, gaming, etc. When you are listening to anything at a low volume, it gets replaced by about 80% static, 10% of it gets lost entirely, then you get about 10% of what you should actually be hearing. Now, I thought this could be just a bug with my USB, but after doing some digging, this seems to be a common problem with this headset. You can try to troubleshoot by trying a different USB port (which I did initially), but it will eventually become an issue again. I should not have to switch USB ports multiple times just to use my headphones. This issue is nonexistant for me when not using the USB sound card that came with it, but then you lose the "7.1 Surround Sound" and individual mic and sound control.
Got them and immediately was impressed by the look and feel. Plugged them into my PS4 expecting huge sound...and regardless of whether I use the USB dongle or plug them directly into the PS4 controller, the sounds is very low (about 25-30%). Adjusting the volume in the PS4 menu did nothing. So I went to the Kingston site and saw nothing that addressed the issue. Tried their support chat....no one ever acknowledged me and the chat support was closed out three times. Tried calling tech support and sat on hold forever......no one ever picked up.
This is an otherwise nice headset except for one thing: the headphones have a very short extension. This is fine if you have a child-sized to medium adult-sized head but if youre wielding a righteous Eastern European melon this headset is incredibly uncomfortable. I also have a pair of Sony MDRRF985RK Wireless Headphones that have a much longer extension. Obviously Sony is catering to normal humans as well as exceptionally cranially endowed humans while Kingston ignores this vital consumer demographic. I gave this set an honest try but they give me a headache after 20-30 minutes and the cups dont quite fit around my ears. #giantheadproblems
Faulty product, whenever listening to any audio there is a crackling/popping noise that is constant and very annoying. It may or may not be the usb connector that is faulty.
Great quality, great sound, very comfortable!  I formerly used Turtle Beach, and they kept breaking.  These have great fit and finish, and seem very solid. The only reason I took 1 star away is because the mic boom connection is a fixed point so I cant pivot it completely out of the way when Im not using it.  I can only bend it mostly out of the way, but its still in my peripheral vision.  I can completely disconnect it, but its not a one handed operation so Id have to take the headset off.. Update: Taking away another star.  After 1.5 years, the product has failed.  Something has happened to the wiring inside the headset itself where its only playing bass sounds.  Some wiggling of the cable at the point of entry to the left cup will allow it to play correctly temporarily.  Opened it up and their wiring was a mess, and leaves slack in the cable where it can twist and cause breaks.  Cut the wire, and re-soldered fresh connections and now it works great again.
Had it for two months and the mic doesnt work. No eligible for return.
I have had this headset since October 2015. It initially started out great but has since stopped being a functional product for my needs. I am seriously disappointed. Initially, the mute slider on the usb controller stopped working. That wasnt a huge deal to me so I just let it slide. Then the microphone controls stopped working. I mostly used my volume controls so while it was annoying it was also manageable. I started to get frustrated. The clip on the USB controller also snapped off. Now the entire device has become unrecognizable to the computer when I plug it in via USB so no sounds are picked up to or from the headset. I can still plug the headset in via the audio jack but lose a ton of the functionality that the usb controller provided including the Dolby 7.1. I have multiple computers and the issue persists across devices.  It was great when it worked (sound quality was good and is probably the most comfortable headset that I own) but I am absolutely disappointed in my experience since it only lasted about 6 months and started falling apart much sooner. This is my first HyperX peripheral product and given my experience with this, it will be my last.
Mic stopped working for no reason. There are no replacement mics whatsoever.
Received 2 faulty headphones. The first one I received had a bad microphone that barely picked up any sound. The capture volume was all the way up and my friends said that they could barely hear me, it was as if I was in a cave. The replacement headset had no sound coming out of the left headphone. The microphone was able to capture more sound but still not a great of quality as I would expect out of a pricey headset.  The only reason why I did not decide to give it a one star was because the headphones were as comfortable as laying on a pillow. I also have a decent size head and find it really hard to find a headset that does not crush my head or clamp my ears. It was such a promising product.
i bought  hyperxcloud 2 that is nice headphone but i have some problems  . the first problem is  when i open 7.1  sound , i will hear so much side tone  :( second probem is about its software  it doesnt have any programme so i cant hear bass sound
Sounds great...when it works. After a month it started popping and cracking time to time. By 2 months I was having to constantly unplug and replug the device in just to get it to work at all. Now, after about 4 months, it doesnt work at all no matter what is tried. A great mic overshadowed by s***ty, bottom-of-the-barrel hardware. I have 10-year-old headsets that still work, so what happened here? I ignored the negative comments about this headsets thinking it wouldnt happen to me--mistake.
Has some issues with the USB connection on the headset. Sound just stopped working one day and the headset will no longer work with that computer.
Might just be my luck, but the cable broke within a week. i really thought this headset had potential, Clearly Not. Defiantly not worth the money.
Bought this for computer-obsessed teen. He loves the quality of sound, but he said it feels weird not to be able to hear himself speaking 1 month later, update (from my teenager) : My headphones just stop working for no reason at all completely randomly and it is extremely annoying and inconvenient, as in order to get them working again, i have to unplug them and plug them back in. This renders playing video games nigh impossible.
First off, when trying to speak to people you often sound muffled or just incredibly soft even when the mic is inside of your mouth. Its fairly uncomfortable and the wire just breaks after three months so prepare to buy countless amounts of usb cables to reconnect everything. I actually regret spending 200 dollars on this "top of the line" headset that had only disappointed me and proved to be more of a burden to me and the people Im playing with rather than something to allow us to talk to each other.
First impression: (10/10) The packing of the headset and accompanying items was presented very nicely making me feel like I got exactly what I paid for. Comfort level: (8/10) The construction of the headset is sturdy and comfortable for extended use. If you have ears on the bigger side youll have to shift the cans around making sure your ears get inside the foam pads. But once set, it feels good around the ears and there is no pulling or squeezing. Actual usage: (3/10) In short, not great. The 7.1 virtual sound does not fool my hearing in the slightest. This headset sounds no different than my stereo headset with the 7.1 activated.  The USB is very sensitive, any little bump can mess up the audio forcing you to remove and re-insert the the USB. Sound Quality: (4/10) When you activate the 7.1 virtual sound a clear hiss is heard from both speakers. And once audio is played, I hear pops which consistently  alternate between speakers. The hiss and pops are usually masked in video games due to the ambient audio tracks but when you listen to music, its so painfully clear. The audio right out of the box is rather dull so if you can find a virtual equalizer online you can really bring out the bass frequencies more. Microphone ( - / 10) I didnt even get around to using it. Conclusion: (2/5) This headset just doesnt deliver the advertised experience. For the people giving this product 5 stars clearly havent tried true 5.1 headsets which offer 4 drivers in each ear-can giving the wearer a more realistic 3D experience. This product only has 1 speaker to each ear and the virtual 7.1 surround sound is a gimmick at best.  If youre looking for a true surround sound headset try looking at true 5.1 headsets. They cost a little more but will deliver a far better audio experience.
This is a generally good quality headset.  Everything sounds fine and Im told my voice comes through reasonably well via PS4.  If I had never used another headset beforehand, I would probably give this 4 or 5 stars.  But there are two important things to be aware of: 1.  This headset does NOT offer any "side tone" feature, so you will not be able to hear yourself talk at all.  This is INCREDIBLY distracting and difficult to properly adjust your speaking volume.  Setting your PC mic settings to "listen to device" is NOT the same thing as proper "side tone".  The audio signal is forced through your OS and causes severe lagging echo which defeats the purpose.  This also does not help the situation when using on PS4 or XBone. 2.  I have also had consistent difficulty getting these to work with my PC in general.  Any attempted Skype, Mumble, Ventrilo voice chat is met with 15 minutes of me fiddling with adapter cables and adjusting volume balances between the hardware and the system. In the end, this product is just far too expensive for all of the difficulties it causes.  Go for a cheaper set with comparable quality or just spend the extra $50 and get a feature-rich product from one of the well known companies.
Headset is good but the mic is horrible, my friends can barely hear me in game and on skype/teamspeak. I tried everything to fix it and nothing worked, so now im just going to refund it..
It worked fine but eventually the headphone jack began producing static and audio would only come through on one side. I ordered a warranty replacement through Kingston, but the headset they sent me is defective and does not product proper sound and bass levels. I am sad this happened to me and hope to point others in a different direction due to lackluster customer service. This headset does not last long and only shines bright for a short time.
I bought this headset to replace one of my old turtle beach ones when the mic was going out. When I got it, I was excited to try out the 7.1 surround sound. When I turned the surround sound on, I heard fairly quiet static. Its very annoying. I cant use 7.1 at all. If youre looking for a headset with a decent mic, this will work for you. If you dont care about the 7.1, buy the original cloud. Dont believe the hype of this headset.
I have had this headset for a little under a year now, since March of last year, and within maybe the first month the mic was unable to be recognized and ceased functioning. Also, a few days ago the right side of the headset has gone completely off leaving only the left ear working in under a year of use. Through those flaws this headset has good sound quality and are very comfortable to wear.
Microphone stopped working within one month
Perfect sound, but the microphone stopped getting detected and didnt work, xbox one
I bought this headset for my cousin on Christmas. Its been one month since then and the right earpiece already went out. From the start the headset had a small issue where the sound would flicker on and off for a few seconds and then go back to normal. I am unsatisfied with my purchase.
I really want to like this headset but its too small for my head. The material is great. The foam is nice. The sound is good. My friends tell me it does a good job picking up my voice. Its just too small. The ear cups rest right on top of my ears, not around, and gets painful after extended use. Doesnt matter if it has memory foam or if its made out of real leather when you have to stretch it to the limit to get the cups around your ears and suffer it pulling your ears up. If you know you have a large head, I wouldnt risk it.
Most comfy headset Ive owned. I wear glasses and have a hard time finding headsets that dont hurt my ears or put a strain on my glasses. I was told I sound a lot better with this heasset on and I can hear a lot more than I could before. My last 2 headsets were about the same money and were the void from corsair and the kraken from razer.  This by far wins for quality, sound, and voice.  It even comes with a really nice bag the headset goes in if youre using a laptop Update: returning this headset because the sound cuts out for a few seconds and its really hard to do anything or talk to anyone when the sound completely cuts out every few minutes.  The most annoying thing because i absolutely love everything about the headset, my boyfriend had me install drivers and such to try and fix the problem but it didnt so im returning it.  Now i will try the original cloud headset and not the 2 and hope that it doesnt have the same problem.  Itll probably be a little less comfy since the headband isnt memory foam but its still a nice headset, too bad they wont have black and grey.
UPDATE 12/11/15 It seems Amazon may have a bad batch, Ive experienced crackling and popping without the USB dongle after 2 replacements.  Ive been informed by Amazon to not purchase this device until further notice. --- The headset is great!  The sound comes through very well with a few caveats.  In terms of audio quality, this is going to beat anything you currently have if what you had cost less than $100. 1.  Many people get some kind of popping/static when using the USB dongle.  This is because the USB dongle may have shipped with older firmware, you can get the update through Kingston over the phone tech support (theyll email it to you).  To check the firmware on your dongle, go to Device Manager, Sound controllers, and view properties for Hyper X 7.1 Audio.  On the Details Tab, select [Hardware ID] in the Property dropdown, and check the numbers after REV_.  If it says REV_0003, you may need the firmware update.  If it says REV_0005, you already have it. 2.  Without a dongle, the cable is very short, you may need an extender. 3.  Without a dongle, you will need a 4 position Y splitter, make sure you plug the headset pin into your motherboards jack that has the built in amplifier (see motherboard manual). My current setup: Headset --> extension cable --> y splitter --> back panel of desktop. Also, if your motherboard has ALC1150 audio, you dont really need the USB dongle (the remote controls however, are nice). Since this uses a 4 position 3.5mm pin, it will be compatible (without adapters) with your mobile phones, and anything else that uses headphones+mic in 1 pin setups. The box contains a plane adapter (for plane seats that use 2 pin headsets). If you have popping/static with the USB dongle on the latest firmware, or without the USB dongle at all, the problem could be A.  Your USB dongle is bad (return for replacement, or get an RMA), B. Your system is poorly grounded. Conclusion: This is probably the best headset youre going to get under $100.  If you want something better, youre better off with premium headphones + mod-mic.
quality is great; but the microphone is awful! My friends cant hear me; unless i pull it really close to my mouth
So I bought the HyperX Cloud II to replace an old Razor headset that was going out. Mainly the mic was going out. So I read some reviews and these Cloud IIs looked pretty good. Overall they are a good headset if all you want is audio. They sound good and I didnt mind the fake 7.1 like some people seem to. I also found them to be really comfortable. However, the mic is just garbage. If it chooses to work apparently its clear but more often then not it is so quiet that even with the mic to your mouth and you screaming, the people on the other end can barely hear you. Ive checked around on several forums and this seems to be a standard problem with the USB adapter sound card. I guess if you want to get a splitter and hook them directly to a sound card the mic will work better, but I already have speakers hooked up to mine and thus really want the USB option. So if you want a good sounding pair of headphones that I pretty comfortable go for it. Just dont bother trying to talk to anyone with them.
Loved these at first but they started to cut out after 3 months of use.  Save yourself some money and go with another option.
I thought Id get a new headset as Ive had my plantronics for 5 years now. I figured Id spend a bit more an upgrade. Largely disappointed. I am on Windows 10, I was supposed to get 7.1 surround. The option is unavailable when using the USB dongle. It only sees them as stereo. Ive looked on the website for special drivers or software to support this like my GameCom 780s had, nothing. Also no documentation on this in the user guide. They are also way less comfortable than my old pair. The woofers on them are decent too. I am a bit bummed over the lack of hardware support, lack of software, and the vice grip they have around my head. Hopefully Kingston will do better with the Cloud IIIs, or just stick to memory.
I got them because it was on sale without doing much research on them. I got them and tried them out, they had this constant background static noise. I tried looking up for solutions, couldnt find any. Apparently its a well known problem for all cloud 2 headsets...Its so common, you are probably better off buying a different headset that does not have an annoying constant static hissing noise with no fix. Other than that, friends say the microphone quality is okay and the headset does feel comfy on your head without needing to stretch it out like most headsets require till its comfy.
Has a common problem of static when you have bass sounds played through the USB.  I updated the firmware which is supposed to fix it (did not).  Otherwise would have been a great headset.
The Usb Cord Doesnt Last Very Long. Now I Have To Plug My Headset Into My Controller.. Only Problem Is Only One Of My Controllers Has The Input For The Headset..
hurt my right year so gave it to my wife and bought the void
This is advertised as a PS4/PC headset - dont you believe it! Theres no driver. The generic USB headset Microsoft drivers for the device can activate only give three options: Low Frequency Protection, Room Correction (which is useless on a headset), and Loudness Equalization. Theres zero tone control. No base, no treble, let alone an equalizer. Maybe PS4s have this function built in, but PCs dont, thus youre stuck with an un-adjustable tonal response, that seems to favor mid high to extreme high. The way the Microsoft driver detects the device also causes it to default to CD quality (44.1khz), rather than DVD quality (48khz), both for playback and recording. The 7.1 virtualization is, predictably, a joke - just makes it echo. Further, the device has no configuration options, thus Windows assumes its a 2.1 device, and thus it couldnt get anymore information with which to construct a 7.1 environment anyways. The microphone has a habit of not detecting. Only after plugging and unplugging the device several times, and fiddling with some microphone software options (again, only those generic universal ones available from Microsoft) will the microphone detect, and even then, itll often cut out for no apparent reason if you dont use it for awhile (even if you have battery saving disabled for the device). When it does work, its extremely weak. Physically, the device is not well thought out. The microphone is difficult to get out of the way, short of removing it (and thus is never in the same optimal position for voice). The in-line USB has a clip, but the wire in-between is nearly four feet long, so that makes it pointless, and it cant be mounted anywhere without sacrificing half your chord. The headset itself seems designed for children, I certainly cant wrap it around my big fat head. Even fully extended, the bottom of the ear cups are still resting on my lobes. The ear cups are replaceable, but they are cheap elastic folding, rather than snap-ons, and thus very difficult to change (and the cups are more or less guaranteed to be ruined after removal.) Sound wise, the frequency response range is a false advertisement. Tested it with some equalizer software, and the actual range is closer to 22h-19Khz (not the 15h-25Khz advertised). And worst of all, the thing constantly pops and clicks. Many people have reported this problem, and replaced their USB adapters, to no avail, save when replacing them with one designed for another headset entirely. Thus, the USB integrated sound card itself is faulty*. Its EAX support is also lacking. * There is a firmware update that may resolve this, but it is not available through the website (theres no downloads for the device save the multi-lingual manual), and can only be acquired through technical support. The update also breaks the audio feedback on the USB controls. Id expect issues like these out of a $25 dollar headset, but not out of a $100 headset. I suppose, Kingston, like so many other hardware manufacturers, has been forced to expand into areas they have no business getting into. Clearly they at least have money to throw around, as youll find this headset well reviewed on many sites. You can bet they are either paid off, or never bothered testing on a PC, so, should you see such a site, be sure to add it to your mental list of "bought and paid for" "critical" reviewers.
Not really for PS4, unless youre comfortable with stereo sound only. If you place first person shooters like Call of Duty, you want something with some type of 5.1/7.1/VSS. The best headset for PS4 is the Sony Gold wireless, hands down. Not a lot of options on the headset, but the sound is great and the 7.1 is way better (more natural, better for identifying footstep direction) than any preset customization you can get from ANY pair of Turtle Beach or Astro headsets. This headset is comfortable and has a nice long cord. I think this would be a great PC gaming headset, but for the PS4 (the reason I bought it), its simply OK. You can get VSS with this headset by pairing this with the separately-purchased cord included in the Sony Silver headset, but you lose independent chat/volume control, the ability to mute yourself, and the VSS on the Silver isnt nearly as good as the Gold.
This is a good headset, except for one thing. If you are on console the headset has no in line controls for volume, which is really dumb. Its advertised as a product for PS4 & XB1, yet if you want to use it effectively on a game you need to buy a separate amp. Kingston is really good with their packaging, the least they could have done is include a separate cord for console.
Good comfort. There seems to be a small buzzing sound whenever sound is played.
I wanted to love this. Its extremely comfortable but also flawed to the point of being worthless. A month or two into use, the USB dongle failed. They were prompt in replacing it and it was an alright experience but still very inconvenient. Im about 6 months or so into my use of it and a capacitor in the headset itself has failed, making it completely useless. I contacted them again expecting to get a replacement in the prompt manner I got the first time but now I was required to send the entire headset along with all accessories back AT MY OWN EXPENSE. This product broke twice and now theyre charging me for their shotty work. AVOID IT AND BUY SOMETHING MADE WELL.
I really wanted to love this headset.. but unfortunately we had to part ways because of some issues.. I want to start off by saying that these headphones started out really comfortable and worked fairly well but there was only a certain amount of time that I could wear them before my ears would hurt and due to how long I usually play it was a problem for me.. I could have dealt with the soreness from wearing them too long, but after a while I learned that I had a defective pair that (As you will see in other reviews around the same rating as this) they started to make some sort of awful high pitched scratching noise that was bad enough to make my eyes water.. It seemed to be a problem with the sound card that is in the control box that the headset plugs into because once I plugged them straight into my computer they were fine, but the cord was just too short and I thought it was pointless to keep the headphones that advertised the simulated 7.1 surround and I couldnt use it without the sound card.. I promptly returned them after about a week (Approximately 3 hours after it started having the sound issues) I would have loved to possibly get another pair but I wasnt about to risk keeping another headset for a week only to have it do the same thing.. I eventually decided to look into a mic and headset setup as opposed to a headset because it was something that I had never tried before and I found my niche there instead.
It looked great on paper. If you think this will be plug-and-play with the microphone, then think again. The built-in soundcard has severe issues with some PCs, causing the microphone controller on the corn to not function. But, just adjust it in Windows, you say! If only, that would have saved me three hours of wasted effort. The cords soundcard locks out any and all adjustments in Windows, thus sticking you with an inoperable microphone. Ive tried a dozen different remedies, none of which have worked so far. It does sound nice, so at least you can hear all your friends talk. Too bad they will never hear you over a pin drop. Im on a Windows 10 PC, Realtek sound.
After having these for 8 months, the microphone has gone out.  I cant return or exchange it.  It was a Christmas present for my son.  Hes only played with it for 7 months.
Im frankly confused by the raving reviews for this headset. While build quality, speaker quality, comfort etc are great, Im stupefied by a massive oversight in the engineering for this headset, and one that is critical to any sound device. That being that the sound settings on the Cloud II are completely locked and are not adjustable. There are no adjustments for even simple things like bass and treble, let alone adjustment of surround settings, or any equalizer settings. Kingston offers no software to provide for any adjustments, and all sound settings for the Cloud II are locked out in Windows. (Configuration button is greyed out). I even contacted Kingston support and they verified the sound settings are locked on this headset, and there is no resolution. They apologized and said they understand if I decide to send it back. I am dumbfounded that any sound device would not have any available adjustments to the sound settings, since everyone has their own tastes on sound settings. That massive oversight kills what probably would have been a great headset. This thing is going back so I can get something that I can adjust to my sound tastes.
This headset is comfortable and I like the fact I dont have six-seven feet of wire to run from my console to my dumb head, unlike the wired turtle beaches i used to own. I only have a PS4, so its great that it plugs right into the controller. I do find that my controller battery needs charged more often when using the headset. The 7.1 is very misleading, as it is for PC only. The biggest issue I have with this headset is, unless I specifically set ALL audio to come into my headset and adjust in-game volume to low/off, I will only get player chat audio into the left ear. Its really awkward, not sure if that was intended or not during production. . As mentioned before, if thats done I can get peoples voice into both ears WITH all game audio. Just inconvenient, and not really worth the price IF you only use it for PS4.
Lasted about two months and then stopped working. The microphone quality is also horrible.
Mic quit working. Bummer because the mic was working the first day and I liked gaming playback sound especially with the 7.1 active. They are comfortable for sure with what seemed to be a very good quality make. But....Returned for a refund.
My 45 dollar planatronics has better surround sound. Not as good but not bad enough to return and buy a different one. Very comfortable and mic is awesome!
It is only March and this already broke.  Mic no longer works.
Ive tried multiple headsets some of them costing far more than this one; all of them were far less comfortable.  They connect and work well with my PC and PS4.  Ive yet to use the mic yet, but seeing how they are nicer than $299 Turtle Beach Ear Force XP510.  Not sure they are actually wireless now, but at the time they needed the plug. Now why get wireless speakers for the PS4?  Honestly plugging a little wire into the controller is way more efficient than using those Heavy Wireless headsets.  Basically they seemed to weigh 4x as much as these headsets and werent nearly as comfortable...  I have a large head and they are comfortable for hours. Sound quality is pretty good; Ive occasionally have heard static, but it was due heavy cable movement and probably due to plug friction. Well the product is two years old and now officially useless.  I havent used them very heavily at all... probably 4-6 months worth and the cable went bad.  Static and turning off and on a bunch... could have use some extra fortification from where the wire broke.  They are useless to use and I wish they had lasted longer. They were very comfortable... not sure if Im going to buy another pair or try to find something else.
Very comfortable. The memory foam is a luxurious plus, as well as the 7.1 surround sound. Everything is built solidly and the headphones have the best noise isolation (for focused gaming). I use the plug-and-play USB attachment for ease of volume control, and it clicks nicely. The most important part is that, unless you throw a fit and try to intentionally break your headset (or your head is the size of a watermelon) this pair will last you a long time. As far as negative aspects of this headset, It does have a lack of bass. Dont get me wrong, theres definitely a presence of bass, but I love a hefty bass sound. This comes close, but comes short to my liking. EDIT: After owning this headset for about 2 1/2 years the microphone broke. Tried contacting customer support and received nothing but static on their phone lines AND their live chat for over 3 hours. Wouldnt recommend dealing with their customer service and expected this to last a bit longer. Unfortunately, my broken Plantronics Gamescom 788 headset has lasted longer than this headset. Disappointing since this was $100 but the Plantronics were only $50. I guess you dont get what you pay for.
Ive had these for less than 6 months and they have already stopped working.
Its good looking and it brougt everything....only theres a lot pf static and i can hear the game like far and my friends even farthers i dont know it these ones are broken or want i was goin to return them but when i looked in the box and theres no returned paper so i can re send them........
I can see how these might be decent for certain purposes, but I was absolutely unsatisfied with their quality on Playstation 4. There arent many reviews out that compare new PS4 audio sets, but I can tell you that there are louder (major issue) and more balanced (issue likely made worse merely due to lack of volume) headsets for the same or lesser cost. I would love to know this was the only HyperX headset that wasnt compatible with PS4, but I honestly dont have the money to be buying and selling headsets until I find one I like.
First let me start by giving a little detail about myself.  I have a degenerative nerve damage to the nerve that carries sound from my ears to my brain.  As well as being 75% deaf most sound that I can hear is not clear it is mostly garbled. I ordered this headset a little over a month ago and had high hopes for it.  Right out of the box I found that the USB surround sound amplifier just was not going to cut it for me.  After ordering a 4pole-2pole y adapter I moved on to plugging the headset straight into my current setup which is an Astro Gaming Mixamp Pro in line with a FiiO A3 both maxed out to get volume levels up to where I can hear somewhat clearly.  I will say the sound was amazing and I fell in love with them.  The bass was amazing which is where most other headsets I have had fall short and everything seemed a little clearer. Now here we are just over a month later (I waited a month to do a review since that seemed to be the time table on hit or miss with these) and the sound on the right side has started popping in and out.  This really upsets me since I enjoyed wearing these for the month.  I dont know what the issue is but I babied these cans so much it hurts.  They were never laid flat always hung on a hanger, never tugged, never dropped, and all around handled with extreme care yet here they are failing. Not sure if I can return them but I will likely try. ***EDIT*** I changed my review from 1 to 5 stars due to the amazing customer service I had with Kingston.  Rather than ignoring the issue they reached out to me shortly after my first review.  Before I even had a chance to contact Amazon or Kingston to see if I could return or replace the headset I received a message from a representative with Kingston who made sure the whole replacement process went smoothly.  I received my new headset today and as soon as I put it on and started up a song I remembered why I loved them so much to begin with.  Hopefully the first pair dying was just bad luck and this pair will last me for a long time to come. ***EDIT#2*** After receiving my replacement set from Kingston I had high hopes that the first unit was simply a bad egg.  The truth is though the 2nd pair dint even last as long as the first.  It seems they just can not handle the amount of volume I need to push through them to be able to hear. They sound great while they last, mic is awesome, and they are comfortable.  They just dont last under high volume use.
Bought this for my son for Christmas after using it a month it broke...Amazon was great and replaced it but after two months its now broken again! I would not recommend this product. it does not hold up well. thank you
Broke just out of 30 days. I will never get one again.
The module gave out with in 3 days the sound wasnt there .
The headset is fine but its cable got all curly and mixed up and it is bothering me al lot during the play.
Not as good as I thought.
Very fragile. I would not recommend.
I would be completely satisfied with this headset  if it werent for a few issues: when I use the USB dongle attachment there are small crackling noises every so often. Lately, the headphones have caused audio on either team speak or YouTube to just cut out completely and I have to either unplug the headset or disable it then re-enable it in playback devices for it to work again. After much research, it seems like a lot of other people have had the same problem. Sometimes it will work for a few hours, other times less than 5 minutes. Ive had the headset for a little over two weeks and these problems started surfacing within the last few days. Went on the Kingston website to try to get in touch and they still havent emailed back or got in touch with me. If it werent for these problems, I would have rated 5 stars.
I recieved these for Christmas, it work great for the first week, although the sound quality was great while playing COD and destiny, the build feels stronger than my old sony gold headset..NOW the sound all of a sudden cuts out and i would have unplug then replug it into my ps4 almost every 20 mins i would have to replug it, im very dissapointed and am sending it back now. It was good while it lasted.
Great headset but they broke with in the first month. They cut out randomly and the make a wired fuzzy noise every so often
I Tried to plug these into my StrawBerry Pi but it started to heat up around the ear parts to I put butter all around it and then it started smoking and eventually caught fire. Just like the Pocket Pussy I bought last month.
Dont get me wrong, I wanted to love this product but there was some things that really bothered me with this headset. Pros. - Awesome noise canceling - Slick design and they feel durable. Cons. - I did a lot of research before I bought these and a lot of the reviews said that they fit people with big heads, But not me. - The Sound box doesnt work with Ps4. - Theres no way to adjust the game chat volume without changing the game audio. so basically if you want to hear peoples foot steps you have to put up with hearing your friends screeching through your headset. Just buy the new Hyper X Revolvers, they actually work properly on the PS4.
When playing Doom, the audio cuts in and out. I did some research and figured out that it was the amp/dac the Cloud IIs have built into the USB cable. It overloads quite easily apparently. I plugged the headphones into a different amp/dac that I had on and, and they work just fine. If youre planning on gaming with these, be aware that you may need to plug them into something other than the USB/amp cable it comes with.
Cannot control voice/game chat. Other than that noise cancelation is awesome.
Horrible. Bought these twice and both broke within a month. Good quality but do not expect any longevity in these headphones.
The headset is fine and works well. However the USB sound card is absolutely worthless and will often emit a loud static noise until you perform a power cycle on it. Then its just a matter of time until it does it again and you have to go through the same process. This wouldnt be an issue if you have an on board or internal sound card but the length of wire that is attached to the headset is so short its not a feasible solution.
Very very good pair of headphones but the microphone is pretty weak. I got 2 pairs of these one for me and one for my friend and we both have noticed over the few months we have had them that on windows and OSX the microphone is super super quite even with levels turned to the max. So while the product is nice, has a long cable and the headphones are great but the microphone is sub par.
Bought theses and may of 2015. Its now December2015 and the cable that attaches to the headset is frayed on the inside and i can only hear out of the left ear.
Within 1 week the cord to the headset broke. It wouldnt play the right speaker unless you jiggled it and the. Was intermittent.  The cord cannot be switched out.
The headset was great. The cups were switchable, the sound was great, especially with the USB amplifier. However the mic never worked. I called Kingston somewhere around 12 times, and they never answered after 1 hour+ of being on hold. Soon after I started using these headphones the right cup got very quite, and eventually stopped working. I used these only at my PC, and nowhere else. So I kept calling Kingston for about 3 months, and still nothing. Overall the quality was good until it stopped working, and the customer service is horrible. However the USB amp is wonderful, and I still use it with my other headphones..
After three months the usb sound connector randomly stopped working. I baby this head set.
The microphone is good. But the headphones are too loud. I have to set the OS volume about 6% and it is still loud. The application volume, e.g. media player, is about 10%. If you set about 50% your ears will bleeding out. Despite the headset are perfectly assemblied problem with the sound volume levels is bring to nought all advantages. And of course it would be nice to have an 4-pin to 2x3-pin adapter to connect to the PC without USB sound card.
Got this as a Christmas gift, but when I tried to use it, it didnt work. The USB plug will allow for my microphone to work, but there is absolutely no sound. I have done every single thing it has told me to do, but none of them are the solution. I would stay away from these and go buy something more reliable and user friendly.
This headset is by far the most comfortable headset Ive ever worn on my head, and doesnt bother me when i wear glasses. I have 1 major issue. Ive only had the headset for 5 months (since Christmas) and its already given out in the microphone. When i plug it into my Xbox One controller, it used to be perfect, but now its a joke. For a day it made nothing but ear-piercing scratching noises, and now, it doesnt work at all. I am very disappointed in the quality of what Im guessing is the wire of the headset, and I hope i can get it fixed for cheap, or even more logical, free.
I bought this headset to replace my crippled Artic 7.1 USB units failed mic. While the mic on this unit works very well, the sound (from the units build-in sound card) leaves me unsatisfied in comparison to the replaced unit.Specifically, the bass has very thump. Ive done comparative audio tests with those You Tube bass videos (yeah, I know) and the Artic out-performs it by delivering bass that is much clearer lows (and highs too,  for that matter) at the volume levels I used to test them. Sadly, the Artics mic was sketchy for online gaming, but the headset was superior for listening to music,and for sound reproduction in general. Is it all about bass? No! But is bass reproduction important to me? Yes!  This unit lacks the depth of sound reproduction, to my ears. Not as aurally satisfying to me as the reviews led me to believe. So, Im satisfied, but not impressed. It does the job. To think this is only a rebranded unit from a more expensive name brand (same specs), well beauty is in the eye of the beholder. So at least I only drank a half glass of Kool-Aid, and saved a few bucks over the more expensive version.
These lasted all of 3 months and now the microphone doesnt work. The return window is a pathetic 60 days so we are out the one-hundred dollars. Garbage. DO NOT PURCHASE!
When listening to things at a relatively high volume, the sound is superb.  If Im trying to study or do homework and listen to anything at a lower volume, I have to switch to my speakers.  There is a constant fuzzy popping noise that wont go away no matter what.  Overall fairly dissatisfied with the product, At least I got my disappointing product for super cheap, that makes up for it a little.
Sound volume is too High! My volume level is at 2-14 any higher and my ears will blow! The mic is too quiet, everything is maxed and everyone says I am too quiet. I dislike how i have to use the USB sound card and not my own or the motherboards. I am unable to adjust music, VOIP, game, and other sounds to a level appropriate for my liking. The headset itself is very comfortable but being $100 why do I have sound issues? There is no side-tone option. Mute switch is in a poor location. There is also low static sound and i HATE static noise. Ive owned this headset for only a few hours, I will most likely request a refund.
Having popping and crackling noises while hooked up via the USB dongle? Try updating the USB dongles firmware to 005. http://www.tomsguide.com/answers/id-2533451/hyperx-cloud-popping-crackling-sounds/page-3.html PROS -Extremely Comfortable -Good Sound -Adjustable/Detachable Mic -Looks good CONS -Initial crackling/popping (Until USB firmware update) -Short cord (1m when not using the USB) -No software to configure (Whats my mic volume at? I dont know.) -Very few accessories (No Y splitter or extensions) -Microphone problems are very hard to troubleshoot (Why do I sound congested? Beats me, probably the enhancements I cant turn off) In case its not clear, I had popping and crackling sounds while I had the headset plugged into the USB dongle. Day 1, right out of the box, problems. Didnt have any problems while hooked into a 3.5mm jack, so it was the USB. I tried various things until I stumbled upon the post above which fixes the crackling and popping issue, but there are other issues still present. I hate not being able to control anything outside of the USB dongle. Give me something. I want the freedom to check or uncheck which enhancements I want on based upon where I am and what im doing. I want to be able to see where my microphone volume is, I dont want to guess and check if im blowing out someones eardrums or whether im as quiet as a mouse. On that note, I am quiet as a mouse. People are telling me I sound different, like I have a cold, a stuffy nose, and are having trouble hearing me. Typically this is a problem easily solved via a couple settings in Skype, Mumble, Windows Speech Recognition panel or the headsets software. With these, you dont really have that luxury, as its based on the USB dongle. Have fun figuring out a solution if you are having to borderline yell into your mic just so people can hear you. I feel like it is a problem with the mic enhancements, as I sound fine over phone conversations. Sure wish there were an option to turn them off... All these would be minor issues if I could directly jack my headphones into my computer, but my computer doesnt have a combined headphone/mic jack. I need a splitter, which does not come with the headset. Those reviews saying it does are wrong, it comes with an airplane adapter, not a splitter. Youd be hard pressed hooking your headset into the back of your computer anyways, considering the cord is only 1 meter long, while the USB dongle is 2 meters long. In the end, I am probably going to return these, and I wouldnt recommend. My problems all seem to stem from the USB dongle which is the reason this headset costs a bit more than the original. Ive had nothing but problems with it, and with conjunction with how it makes me sound over mic, I would prefer to not even use it.
While the sound and microphone of the headset are good, I have a big head and have found these headphones to be too tight, as it tends to put pressure on the top of my head. Ive given this headset a fairly long trial to see if it would work out, but in the end its just too uncomfortable to wear for extended periods.
After using these normally (listening to music and gaming) for a few weeks, the way the plug is turned affects the sound. If it is turned one way, I cant hear out of the left ear, if it is turned another, the quality in both is awful. I have not dropped these, spilled anything on these, or done anything that could have damaged them. They were great while they lasted, I really liked the quality of the mic, and the sound matched that of my old Bose (which I bought these to replace, since the Bose broke after 5 years.), but only being able to hear out of my right hear defeated the purpose of surround sound, and its annoying to just have one ear on.
Well. Ive had this headset for about 6 months and just recently started developing a cracking blown speaker in the left ear. I dont listen to anything too loudly, actually quite the contrary. I only use the headset to listen to teamspeak. I still play game volume through my desktop speakers. While they worked, they worked great. Now with the blown left speaker I almost cant use them anymore. Im going to contact Kingston and see if there is anything they can do for me. For now, this headset gets a 1. I will change that depending on the outcome from Kingston customer service.
Its a great headset, dont get me wrong, but Kingston has a manufacturing defect in the USB dongle.  Just google "cloud 2 dongle" and youll see what I mean.  They dont sell dongles separately, so I basically have a pair of stereo headphones with no mic.
The headset was comfortable, sound was nice, and it worked well with my phone, but there were a few problems. These are not true surround sound. "Virtual Surround" is not surround sound at all. The first headset I received would make constant crackling/popping noises when using the 7.1 USB Audio Sound Card. I wanted to give them a second chance so I contacted the manufacturer and they sent a replacement 7.1 USB which still made popping sounds, although not as frequently. After two tries with defective 7.1 USB I returned the headset to Amazon. Im giving 2 stars instead of one because the manufacturer response was quick, they shipped the replacement 7.1 USB with 2-day shipping, and they provided free shipping labels to return the defective USB.
I ordered them through Amazon wear house deals and they came broken the male part of the 3.5 mm port was snapped in half
They are very comfortable and have great sound, however I disappointed to find out the controller that comes with it, is not PS4 compatible. There are NO controls whatsoever for PS4. Its just the headset. There isnt even a mute option. Its all only available for PC. So if you want to change anything on the headset, you have to back out of the game, go to settings, etc. Its ridiculous
Fantastic when it works. Owned these for 8 months and I am now having intermittent sound disconnection throughout the day. No idea whats causing this. Usually when I restart my PC its good for the rest of the day, when my PC goes into sleep mode, BAM, sound disconnects. Switching it to a different USB port seems to bring it back to life as well. Help. Edit: So Ive narrowed the problem down. It is 100% the audio control box.The headset connects to the audio box via an aux cable and audio box to pc via usb. The cable on the bottom part of the audio box that leads to the usb is the culprit. I moved that cable around a bit and I can hear the audio coming in and out. Some faulty wiring definitely on that thing. Really unfortunate because I love this headset. Good news I suppose is that the headset itself still works fine if I connect via aux cable directly into the PC. Problem is the aux cable is extremely short. So Ill have to get an extension cable. Also how can I make it so the mic works? The aux cable only gives audio to the headset itself, the mic needs its own connection cable.
Owned them for less than a month and they already broke. They literally just stopped working. They were working fine one moment and then they just stopped. Very flimsy design, too. Felt like it was going to fall apart right out of the box.
Pros: great sound.  comfortable. good quality, doesnt feel cheap. The sound is really good.  7.1 sound works like it says.  They are comfortable. I like that they came with different earcups.  I like the velvet ones the best.  The headset doesnt feel cheap.  They are well made. Cons: I am too quiet to others when talking. I found out there is no way to increase the volume of the microphone.  The microphone volume on the headset usb dongle does not actually work. The settings in Windows 10 are grayed out and there is no microphone boost.  I found this out from technical support after a chat session was done. Tech support was poor.  The tech on the chat did not give me good instructions.  Seemed he was using Windows 7 and not 10 so I had to use what I knew to get done quicker.  After he did what he could, he did not go any further.  I went ahead and called tech support to talk to another  person and confirm the information, but he phone tech did not know much about the headset.  I felt like I was in the wrong department. Yes, this was weird. I will sending these back.  I hate too because they are really nice and would have given a 5 star, but because of the microphone volume on the usb dongle not working and poor tech support, I just dont want to pay that much money for them
I bought these to replace my Logitech G430s, and man was I disappointed. Audio quality and Mic quality is low. Why these are reviewed so well, I will never know, but I implore you, do a bit more research around before you purchase! Watch the review videos and see the low mic quality! The sound, while good in the mid range, has AWFUL lows, and there is no equalizer to adjust, its all done for you by the sound card. The 7.1 Surround sound makes it sound like you are in a sewer, and makes everything sound lower quality for the simulated surround effect. It works, just sounds like crap. The reason Im giving this a 2/5 instead of 1, is the fact that they are versatile, and comfy as heck. They can be used in PS4 (and the new xbone adapter), and you can simply remove the sound card and mic, and take them on the go with the stero jack. Very nice for those who play different systems and are moving around a lot. If you are like me though, and want a good headset for home gaming only, look elsewhere.
I purchased these headphones to primarily use with gaming on the PS4 and am returning them. Ill say from the outset that these headphones have better overall audio quality than the PS4 gold wireless headphones and are more comfortable for extended use. However, I have 2 major issues with the headphones: 1) Compatibility with PS4. These headphones are advertised as being "compatible" with the PS4. In reality, the cloud IIs are not fully functional when used with USB on the PS4--the external volume and microphone volume controller will not work. The only way to adjust volume when using the headset is to go within the PS4 menu system--something that distracts and temporarily removes you from the gaming environment. You can plug the Cloud IIs directly into the 3.5mm audio jack on the PS4 controller, but again you have no external volume or mute control when doing this. 2) Constant crackling/ popping noise on USB. I experienced a near constant low-level crackling/ popping sound whenever using the headphones via USB. This appears to be a widespread problem (google the issue and there are many postings on forums from people experiencing the same problem). This is extremely annoying and a deal-breaker for me
Was great when it worked, i take special care when it comes to computer accessories.  After owning this headset for about 1 month the sound in the right ear stopped working for reasons i cant explain.  Overall great sound quality, not sure about the cabling it has.  Maybe I got a bad set.
Easily one of the most comfortable headsets I have ever owned, but extremely loud as you cannot adjust the sound of the headset separately from your computers volume. Even windows on the lowest settings can be too loud with 7.1 enabled. There is also very noticeable "white noise" static while using the headphones.
When I got the headset, I was absolutely impressed by the fit of the headset and the sound quality I got from playing my music.  After a few weeks, I had need to record videos for presentations and I have had erratic performance from the headset. It has gone through periods of crackling and popping and then out of the blue will work great for a time.  Then without any warning it is right back to making noise. As per recommendations on Toms hardware, I upgraded the firmware to version 5.  This lessened the crackling and popping (a little) but it is still less than useful.  Every time I make a video it is a gamble on whether I have a mess of static or it comes out clean.  As a buyer and a gamer I would wait on getting this headset until Kingston works out the kinks
For the time that it did work for me, it was great, then suddenly one day it shorted and has refused to work.
Could have been better
Bought these back on July 16, 2015 , for the most part theyve been its been a good headset. Ive been having issues for a few months now with my microphone getting really quiet when speaking to friends. Also having similar issue with audio completely going mute and wigging out my videos im watching forcing me to reload the video. the only fix iIve found around these issues is unplugging and re-plugging the entire headset to fix this issue which is rather bothersome been trying to contact kingston directly but no phone and their live chat wont work for me.
My sound is cracking already.. only had them for a month I play csgo and turn up volume to only 32% I want a replacement or money back.. this is ridiculous! Ive never had any headphones ever do this and I figured I would try these... HEADACHE!!
They broke in about a month but it was pretty good for that month lol
These headphones are great. They are the most comfortable headphones you will ever wear, and they have really good sound quality. I use them on my PC and my PS4. But after half a year of use, I got the "USB device not recognized" message when I tried to plug it in. Now I get this message every time I plug it it. I have tried everything to try to fix this, but the issue persists.
The microphone is incredibly quiet, even when you adjust the volume up all the way up on the USB dongle and have the gain at 100% in skype.  People in various games i play also said I was quiet and I had gain at max. Thought maybe I had a dud so I googled for mic problems with the hyperx cloud II, lo and behold, zillions of complaints about the lack of mic volume and lack of adjustability.  The USB dongle is a joke, and adjusts mic volume from about nothing to slightly above nothing... real shame, because the speakers are nice. But a gaming headset with a bad mic is like a horse without legs.
Pros: Sound is of decent quality for the price. Headset itself is very durable. Microphone is clear enough for general usage in games and voice calls. Braided cords for a bit of extra durability. Very comfortable for long usage periods, you kind of forget that its on. Neutral: The gold plating on the audio jack tends to scrape off easily during normal use. If you only use this for one device, it shouldnt be much of a problem. The headset still works fine without the gold plating. The cord for the headset itself could be a bit longer, in order to give you more leeway when connecting to other devices such as phones or laptops. The clip on the back of the audio control broke within the first month of usage. Cons: The simulated 7.1 is a complete gimmick, it just makes everything sound drowned out, muddy and farther away. My USB dongle stopped working after a sudden loud crackle, definitely not built to last. Ive tried plugging the USB into another slot. Ive tried troubleshooting audio in Windows control panel. Ive even tried using it on another computer, nothing. It just gave up and died out of nowhere, and since my main PCs onboard sound card has malfunctioned, I have no way of using this with my computer. There is no way to just buy a replacement dongle, so Id have to buy a completely new headset. The included microphone/audio adapter for use with your PC does not work, I can only hear audio out of one ear when using it and there is a ton of static. If it wasnt for the USB dongle dying out, I would have no problem recommending this, but its happened to plenty of other people, it seems. Like I stated before, there is no easy way to get a replacement dongle except for buying a whole new headset, and since Ive had a bit of bad luck already, I dont think Im willing to purchase another headset just for this to happen again down the road. Kingston is usually a quality brand in my personal experience, but when it comes to this product, I just cant say the same. Its not a bad product, but I would recommend doing some more searching around before making up your mind on this purchase.
Bad Mic quality
If you are looking to buy this for use for PS4 or XBox, STAY AWAY. Yes it will technically work... However, you will lose the best features it offers.  The 7.1 Surround Sound card which also happens to control the game and mic volumes ONLY WORKS for PC/MAC.  In order to use the headset it just plugs in to the controller with the 3.5mm jack which bypasses the audio controls and 7.1 surround card.  You can plug it into the usb port of the Playstation but the PS is not compatible with the sound card, therefore rendering the sound-card and mic/game volume controls worthless. For me, being able to adjust the sound separately for both the game and mic is a very important part of gaming, as the built in adjuster on the Playstation is almost useless. Another thing I noticed was that there was very little Bass with this headset, which makes explosions and intense action moments in games and movies very dull and lackluster. On a positive note, the headset is superbly comfortable.  You can wear this thing for hours without any issues.  The noise cancelling is great too.  The product is very well built and the sound quality itself is excellent, but lacks bass as mentioned before.  The mic also comes in very clear for your teammates. Overall this is probably a great headset for PC/MAC gamers.  However the most important features (to me) dont work at all for PS/Xbox, which means youre spending a bunch of money for nothing, if that is your purpose.  The bass is also dismal, which creates a real lack of excitement when playing shooters or watching movies. I am use to using the PS Pulse headset, which has Fantastic bass which also happens to be adjustable, so switching to this headset was very disappointing. Hope this review will save PS and Xbox users time and money.
I bought these for my son for Christmas and out of the blue not even 4 months later the sound just stopped working. Not impressed
My headset USB malfunctioned after one month of use.
Biggest frustration is with its Mic. The 7.1 is complete garbage.. for instance in Rainbow six siege its just very echo sounding. Make is more difficult to detect enemy direction. Now for the mic, omg its horrible. you cant calibrate it in windows, so its constantly picking up and hot miking in game. I owned the cloud 1 prior to purchasing this, and regret selling it now. Ive been using the cloud 2 now for a few months and have begun to hate it with more use... My advice, go for the Cloud 1 as they are basically the same headset minus the USB gimmick. I migh even sell these and try to pick up another pair of the original cloud 1. Great heads set when its on sale. cant beat it imo
Very comfortable headset, good at eliminating most of the outside sounds. Absurdly overpriced, especially considering the surround sound doesnt work. Overall an overpriced average headset.
Very poor quality, can hear your breathing, my 40$ headset works better than this thing, and you should really just stick to turtle beaches. (:
I loved this headset when I first got it... But noticed a small bend in the AUX connector that goes into the USB Sound card.  Didnt think anything of it when I first got it, but now my Mic constantly cuts out and I have to physically remove it and put it back in to get the mic to be recognized... Happens numerous times throughout the day... Extremely annoying, sad I spent over a hundred bucks on this headset and this happens...
Every once in awhile I hear these weird pops. Not sure why but they come and go as they please. Other than that I got these on sell for $70 and Id say that was a fair price. Good sound, comfy, decent quality. But those damn popping noises....
Light and comfortable but sound so bad popping/crackling static sound on the background its annoying im about to return or replace with a new one.
After spending many hours researching the cause of the static noise and trying their fixes, I have given up. I plan on returning on hope to never deal with another Kingston product. Its a well know problem with this headset yet its still being sold on amazon.
Works ok with the RCA jack but cannot get the USB to work properly (or at all with USB). Will update review after talking to customer support to see if we can work out the issue with driver software.
I bought this based on all of the great reviews for comfort and sound quality, but the headset has a major flaw, which is that you cannot hear yourself talk.  The only way to accomplish this is by setting the Listen To Device setting on the mics properties, but this results in a delay that is too distracting to be useful.  If you plan on using this for mostly listening, its a good buy; if you plan on interactive dialogue, buy headphones that you can hear you self through without delay.
It was amazing until after a couple of months the left ear cup stopped transmitting sound unless I pressed against the jack, and a month after that, I lost sound in that cup entirely no matter what,
Control box cuts out with the slightest movement.
Sound was good but didnt blow me away. Surround wasnt what I expected for the price on this headset.  Not super comfortable. I needed a set that would sit on my shoulders if I wanted it to. These didnt work for that.
My hypercloud 2s mic stopped working out of blue, its been working flawlessly since Ive purchased, but suddenly it just died. To my surprise it just died. Not like some cheap headsets where I get to work wobbling the mic where sometimes I get to work it somehow at first I thought my pc settings was messed up. Bought it at the end of February, mic stopped working yesterday. Tried: 1. Uninstalling/Installing driver 2. Checked Recording device settings 3. Tried plug in different usb ports 4. Tried plug in different pc 5. Checked whether I have muted on the remote. 5. Tried wobbling the mic tried everything Ive mentioned above but mic just wont work, like its not plugged in. Tried the support page. The page doesnt even allow me to send a message. It says I have to check the "I have read and understood the Data Protection Compliance Statement. And there is no checkbox, whenever I hit send I get " Accept Terms & Conditions problem. I dont know how else to contact the support since I live outside of US. I seriously hoped it would work at least a year, I play games occasionally where I unplug the mic whenever Im done with gaming.
Itll sorta work until too much time has passed for you to get a refund.  Thats when sorta goes out the window.  When its working perfectly, theres still nothing special about it, other than that it costs a bit less than other headsets.  Buy a better set and consider this purchase an attractive con.  If you buy this set, in less than a year youll be  back here looking at the higher priced ones, wishing you had bought one of those in the first place.
I had this headset for less than a year and the plastic part that connects the red piece to the headband broke. I am not heavy handed and I am not rough with my stuff, this is the first headset that ever broke on me. Besides that it sounds great and is comfortable to wear for an extended amount of time.
Sucks more then joel
These headphones are great for blocking out noise but the audio and mic quality are really poor, theres also an issue with static and something like an echo can be heard anytime a noise is played.
Really amazing sound and comfortable, so far 2 months and no problems yet, i first thoutght that, but now its been 4 months ive been using this headphones and until now the damn mic stopped working, since my audio wasnt clear enough i installed the realtek driver and my sound was even more clear, but today the damn mic stopped working, if anyone by chance know how can i fix this or get a replacement please tell, because amazon already cant replace it since it was 4 months passed already
You will not get 7.1 digital surround on Xbox one, the hyperx cloud 2s for Xbox one are no different from any other regular headset. Do not purchase for Xbox one if you want the full effect of the hyperx, you will not get it
Headset sounds decent when connected to motherboard sound or my old steelseries usb sound card. The Kingston usb sound card however is complete junk. It clips and sounds bad while turned up. Not even turned up very loud and it clips.. Pretty disappointed in the sound card. Now I have to get a mic/headphone plug splitter since they integrated the two. Then I can use whatever sound card I want.
i just received my headset with defect Sound Card the end is not here, I had 2nd issue that was from the 3,5mm connector, which is i cant hear the left speaker, and when you try to disconnected it very slowly, you heard the right speaker and the left speaker disabled. not very good quality item, i will update my review when the sound card replacement arrive, but after all i wont buy Kingston product because i am afraid to have the same experiment.
The voice is unclear Constant interference
I was hoping for a quality product, after all the price says it all. When I got this headset and tested it out I was surprised on the clarity of these, but this pair I received would pop constantly. I tried everything for adjusting the bass and EQ levels but nothing worked. Im sure these are great headsets but the constant popping was a deal breaker for me.  I will return.
It worked fine for a good while, I love how sturdy it is. However, after a few months of use, the microphone started to have issues, making it nearly impossible for friends to hear me. Made a loud, almost white noise sound they said. Then, for seemingly no reason, the sound cut out. Tried everything I could to get it to work again. But! Its a really great headset unless that happens to you, too.
They sound pretty good most of the time, but they often crackle, pop during music. And when gaming, they sometimes cut outsoune system sound and make a disturbingly loud screeching sound and the sound driver crashes, which means most of the time I am restarting applications with voice and skype, or unplugging and plugging the usb back in to reload drivers so that people can hear me. Very inconvinient. If it werent for my crazy work schedule I would have returned them, but I work through the ups stores business hours. Money down the drain.
Ok do not be fooled by all the good reviews here like I was.  I read all the reviews then I got this headset thinking I finally found a good one and yes the sound quality is good I liked the the 7.1 and stereo sound.  I even thought it was comfortable.  Here is the problem though, the first week I had this this the dongle shorted out and the headset stopped working, I had to contact customer service and after a bunch of hassle they sent me a new one, when I got it the clip instantly broke off and I kept using it not caring about the clip but two weeks later it fried again now I am back to square one with no sound.  I really wanted this to finally be a good gaming headset but it is a scam it is just another cheap headset and a money grab.  Be warned this is not the headset you are looking for.  I decided to cut my loses and try to find a decent headset instead of waste anymore time with this garbage.
Pros: Design and structure, very comfortable great for gaming/decent for music features such as detachable mic make it convenient in many situations Surround sound is pretty nice Cons: Its the luck of the draw with this headset, unfortunately. Some will experience popping noises and static when using them on the pc and console. Its what mine do. I talked to customer support, they will replace them but require you to send them the defective item. I dont want to go for however long without a headset so I just bare the popping noises/static. These cant be used on last gen consoles.
Less than 3 months after buying having problems with left side just stopping working sometimes can get working by messing with the connection from the line form the headset into the little external mixer but even that doesnt fix it now. Would not recommend if this is how the quality is. Had a headset from Gamecom that still works after 4 years this one cost 2-3 times as much and didnt make it 6 months.
I have a big head I just wish these things could extend further than they do, I have to extend them to their max to get them to barely fit and because of this issue they hurt my ears and head quite a bit. The sound is pretty decent, I dont use tthe mic since I use a blue yeti.
Largely disappointed.  My Sony MDR-7506 from 2010 still produce better sound with smaller phones.  The included sound card device cant match the quality of onboard sound which sounds much better (ASUS X-99A).  The sound is tinny and the 7.1 just doesnt work well with most games, and for those that do, its not that noticeable.  I get better sound plugging in directly to onboard sound, but then you lose the whole point by not being able to use the mic.  I decided to keep this because it works OK for when I need to talk to people.  Just disappointing that even with larger drivers and 5 years, the sound is weaksauce compared to dedicated headphones.
My headset makes popping noises and its very distracting.  Very disappointed and I will be returning this product back to amazon.
Its too dam tight...it squeezes my ears
Constant fuzzy popping and cracking noise when connected by the usb. Id be ok with it as a faint background noise but its actually very noticable. Only lessened when you use the 3.5mm cord. HOWEVER, you cant use the mic without the fuzzy crackling death.
Sounds great when the sound works. The sound constantly cuts out depending on the bend of the cable and I have to turn the jack plugged into the audio control box. The microphone has given me no problems and seems to sound great. Everyone I play with says I sound great. They just usually have to say it twice because I cant hear them due to the audio problems.
Headphones are great, what I expected. However I received a clearly opened or used headset. Upon further inspection the Mic doesnt even work Very upset Picture shows how I received them.
The sound is awesome but to use the volume control from the head set you have to be on a PC. On a PS4 you have to go into settings you cant do it on the fly. Quality in the headset is great though.
I was happy with this headset. Until day 2 the cracking started. Most likely sending it back
It barely fits. I have a larger than average head and need to extend these to their max for it to feel comfortable. Over the course of wearing them for an hour or two, it naturally starts to compress. I need to re-extend it to get it comfortable again. The top of the headphones rubs the top of my head which begins to get annoying. Sound is great and everything is excellent.
Please do not waste your money on these headphones the USB soundcard is terrible. When using the the USB attachment the sound quality is absolutely terrible. Everything sounds muffled and echoed, so the whole thing sounds like its in a bathtub. Gunshots sound digitally distorted and voices sound muffled. My $20 Koss headphones sound better than this Kingston $100 headset. I feel much of this can be solved with an equalizer but Kingston does not have an equalizer driver for this thing so you cannot mix the sound settings.You can not use the USB attachment and just use the audio jack but this comes with some setbacks. Plugging the headset into my speakers the sound quality is greatly improved, but given that the headset cord is only 3.5 FT, I lean back in my chair and I am pulling my speakers with me. Also the surround sound (The reason I bought the headphones) does not work without the USB attachment. There is another review on here complaining about the same exact problem and Kingston just gave him a non-answer and sent him a link to the user manual, which is only 12 pages of diagrams showing how to plug a USB into your computer and a audio jack into your gaming controller (real helpful Kingston). If Kingston doesnt want to fix the problem with headset so be it. Kingston makes a ton of great products but headphones are not one of them.
Pros: Better than good sound quality (good highs, moderate mids and on the right song, great bass).  The simulated 7.1 is actually somewhat well done, but like all simulated 7.1, a bit gimmicky.  They feel relatively heavy and well made.  They look good, and my friends tell me the mic sounds good. Cons: Slight to moderate right ear bias.  Ive tried these on more than one device, and Ive reversed the headphones on my head and the bias is always on the right channel.  It happens even if you go through integrated motherboard sound and bypass the dongle.  You can modify the bias in windows via making the right ear softer or the left ear louder, but it doesnt sound...correct, somehow.  Its distracting and a bit disappointing on a ~$100-150 headset.  Not sure if this is a defective headset or if its just like that. Also, if you have a gigantic head (like I do) they can feel a bit small.  Feels like youre straining them to get them around each ear.  The actual cord that goes from the headset is VERY short, whereas the cord from the dongle to the USB connector is very long.  Neither a pro nor a con, just depends on how you use it. I got them on sale, so overall, its probably a good purchase for me.  I probably wouldnt recommend them at full price, nor would I be inclined to purchase them again.
Lots of static when trying to use the 7.1 making down times with low or no sounds feel like Im sitting in a rainstorm. Shame too because the its such a great headset other than this issue.
Great quality headphones but the 7.1 surround sound usb dongle causes horrible sound popping noises. I have been waiting long enough for the update kingston keeps feeding us lies about that will fix the sound pops. Recently Im seeing fake posts about downloading new firmware updates to fix it, however clearly there are no firmware or driver updates or any downloads at all on kingston technologys official website. Im not quite sure if these people are being compensated to change their review in favor of the headset or what is going on exactly but the fix does not yet exist for this headset and Im convinced the problem isnt even being addressed.
Well this product was fine and good for a while, about a month then the right muff broke itself. Sound was good and all, however seems I have the random one that did not live to quality of others. Probably will be looking to another manufacturer.
The sound quality is amazing but after a couple of months the mic will stop working and then youll call kingston and they will send you a broken mic as this has happened to my friend and I. I do not recommend getting this headset if you want to use it for the the mic . I recommed a logitech headset they last long and theyre good
I bought this item 3 months ago and now the cable is loose. I had to tape it just to keep it almost serviceable.
Crackling from the speakers and the mic refuses to work properly. Tried every solution and Ive come to the conclusion that the actual headset is defective. Ive heard great reviews about this headset and if I could somehow make sure that the product I receive wouldnt be defective then I would definitely buy it again. Cracking fram speakers, mic was not sensitive enough and wouldnt let me boost it, mic monitoring (forget what its called in the sound control panel) doesnt work at all even tho theres a slider for it. I love the way the headset looks and feels on my head but too bad this one was defective.
I was going to go for a really long review after owning these for a while but I cant. I had them for literally less than 6 hours before they started acting up. Ill start with the pros. Pros: -REALLY sturdy build quality. Like, these dont feel like gaming headphones. Theyre better built than the Astro A40s I had and any other gaming headset I had. -Comfy after a little bit, headband for me hurt really bad for the first couple hours. -Comes with a stupid amount of extras which is really cool. -Packaging is unreal. Super good quality in everything for a gaming headset. -Mic is pretty decent, better than most gaming headsets. Cons: -Headband did hurt really bad for the first couple hours. -Mic wont work without using the splitter it comes with or another one you have. -7.1 is just a term for pumping up everything besides voice and making everything muddy and not easy to hear. -7.1 hub is heavy and just dumb in my opinion. -The buttons on the hub arent the most convenient to press, and when you do it makes a really loud beeping sound. As for stuff that isnt really bad but didnt go in pros or cons, the leather ear pads that are on it when it comes are nice, but they make my head really hot. Like I couldnt wear it for 10 minutes hot. The leather ear pads are however very good at making it so sound doesnt get it or get out. I couldnt hear myself typing or clicking when I had them on. But its fine since it came with velour ear pads also. I also didnt think that the sound was all that great. Like I mentioned before, 7.1 is just crap in my opinion. Ive never heard where it actually sounds good. It just makes the bass more present and everything louder. So in music you can hear everything louder and more muffled but the singing will be really drowned out and quiet. Without 7.1 it was okay. Pretty standard but nothing amazing like everyone says. Theyre better than a few headsets Ive had in the past but otherwise it was pretty standard. As for why Im so unsatisfied, the cables are just so poorly done in my opinion. You have to plug it into the 7.1 hub for the mic to work and it literally just plugs in. Theres no lock or anything. And then it plugs into USB which I personally dont like. If I moved it AT ALL it would make some wicked static popping. Sometimes it was different than others. The worst one I moved my leg onto my chair and it sounded like a gun in a game was going off right in my ear and it was unbearably loud. Like I said it was different every time, so it would either be that really rapid and loud popping, or it would be really small loud pops. Regardless, I had it for less than 6 hours and it was doing that. NEVER have had a headset do that. Im not going to hold this against Hyperx because I know that this is a good headset, however, until they improve the way that they do 7.1 I will not buy their headset. Im aware that the first cloud was normal 3.5mm cables but I wanted to give this one a try since it had a better mic apparently and the sound was just a little better. TLDR; Theyre okay, mine didnt work right, not holding it against Hyperx, just not buying their headset again.
The headset is comfortable but I have issues with people not being able to hear me, that i have never had with previous headsets. It has a remote control on the cord which allows you to turn up your sound and mic but even on the highest setting people can barely hear me speak. I dont know if I got a lemon?
Good for the money!
29 days -  thats all it took for the sound to short circuit, when it was working 10/10  .  The wires would fold and swirl on there own in loops witch most likely caused this short circuit ( Defective sound )  All I can Say is its a home run or a loss!  Depending on how long it will operate!
I was extremely excited to get this headset. When I first put it on, it was as good as I expected. The closed earcups do a very good job of quieting sound around you, and are very comfortable. Unfortunately, there is a problem with the USB Sound Card. There is a low frequency fuzziness that is very noticeable with lower volumes. I could look over this, but the biggest issue is that the USB sound card causes high cpu usage on one of my cores. After posting around a ton of tech forums and receiving no help, and even having Kingston support tell me there was nothing they could do, it seems like the only option would be to buy a splitter (so you can use the mic) and plug it into your motherboard. At which point, why spent another $10 when I could spent $20 less and get the original HyperX Cloud? This problem might not not happen to everyone, but it did to me and Im very disappointed.
Sound quality excellent, but the build quality very very poor.  The second day I had the headsets, the left ear piece fell off.  The screw had fallen out and was stripped and couldnt be tightened back in.  Also, the 7.1 USB controller does not play nice when my Razer Chroma Blackwidow was plugged in.  The 7.1 controller locks up and wont work.  The volume up and down doesnt work.  Whenever YouTube or iTunes is on and I use the surround sound, it locks up.  However when I use a generic keyboard there is no problems.  This may be a Razer issue, but Ive already invested in the new Chroma keyboard so not about to return it to keep these headsets which fall apart after 2 days.  Return the Cloud 2 and buying the Cloud 1st gen in stead.  I dont need surround 7.1 as I only play League of Legends and watch videos, Twitch streams, and iTunes online.  Besides I can save on the extra $$$.  I hope the 1st gen doesnt have as many problems.  I doubt it since there is no USB controller and everything is 3.5mm.  I guess only time will tell about the build quality.  I cannot recommend buying the Cloud II and will help steer all my friends away.
two times. two times ive had this headset crap out on me. 100 dollars using PRIME and it stops working mere DAYS after the return policy expires. there is a serious flaw in the internal wiring of the volume box (the small black casing that you can control microphone and volume settings from) where the wires on the inside seem to stop communicating if a mouse on the dark side of Mars so much as glances at them. This is one of the clearest cases of manufactured obsolescence ive ever seen. No hyperx, im not buying your s***ty headphones for a third time. they are clearly made to break within months while under only regular use that any person who plays games frequently will make it go though. the only reason it gets two stars instead of one is that they are lined with conferrable to wear soft leather, but that is completely undermined by how god damn HEAVY these things are. i have no way of measureing but it feels like i have a can of soda laying on top of my head, it doesnt feel uncomfertable when i first put them on but after 15 minutes to half an hour it feels like ive just tried to pierce an aircraft carriers hull using only my cranium. In short theyre not going to last more then 6 months and you will find better value in headsets that are half the price.
Wire shorted out within the month.
The headset was very good. I had no problems on a PC, but when I used it with my phone, a HTC One M8, it didnt work unless the microphone was plugged in. For some reason that was the one solution to use it on my phone.
I really wanted to like this headset because it is very comfortable and sounds very good. The issue is that the USB dongle is faulty and produces static and popping noises that are very noticeable when watching movies or music during low sounding parts of songs. Ive been through 2 different headsets and 3 different USB dongles (one was sent RMAd from Kingston) and all of the USB dongles that I received produced the same popping and static. When you use the headset with the 3.5mm jack, the sound is crisp and clear, as it should be. The problem with using the heaadset in this configuration is that the cord connected to the headset with the 3.5mm jack is only about 3 feet long and you lose the ability to control the volume with the in-line volume control. The way my desktop computer is setup, it is simply not possible to use a headset with a 3 foot cord and I will guess most of the people out there would not want to deal with this either. So, what do you get when you purchase this headset? You get a well-built, comfortable, and great sounding headset with a cheaply made and poor quality controlled USB dongle that will completely ruin your experience. My question to Kingston is what is the point of making this great headset with sturdy materials (aluminum cups and headband) and then completely skimp out on the USB dongle to save a buck on manufacturing costs? The USB dongle seriously feels like the cheapest piece of plastic I have ever felt. I could probably crack it in half by squeezing it in my palm. With all that said, I would recommend you all stay away from this headset unless you want to gamble in hopes you get one of the working USB dongles without the static/popping issues that a lot of people are having. You have been warned.
I pre-ordered this headset from amazon. The sound was decent and the mic worked very well. Too bad the plug that goes into the adapter broke within a week. now I have to hold it in tight for it to even work. Its only getting worse and its basically unusable a month later. I didnt pull on the coord or throw it or anything. It just broke by some unknown reason. Ridiculous waste of money.
I have a large head and it doesnt extend as long as I want it to, which makes it kind of uncomfortable.. Sound quality is okay but I guess for the price I cant really complain. Other than that its great that it works without those gimmicky drivers, the microphone quality is once again okay given the price of this headset.
I purchased this headset after researching online for quite some time because there were a lot of good reviews on it. After putting it on for the first time and playing for an hour, I couldnt take it anymore and had to take the headset off and take a break. The sound quality is ok and the mic is decent, but the headset itself is so uncomfortable for any extended period of time. I tried and tried to get used it, and I waited so long that I cant even return it anymore. If you do end up purchasing this headset, be wary of that and make sure you return it in time if it doesnt fit you well.
Excellent surround sound during games, movies, etc, as well as being very comfortable and has a great seal around ears (cant hardly hear much going on outside the headphones - perfect for a plane with a baby crying behind you or something like that). The big drawback is this - The device comes with its own soundcard basically.  It is built into the USB cable, and installs as another sound device.  The problem I ran into is this...if you have speakers for sharing music, movies, a video, etc., with someone else in the room, you have to reconfigure your sound output in Windows to use the computers soundcard and thus that soundcards ports out to the speakers.  When done, guess what?  You get to change it all back to the USB based soundcard and the headphones.  EVERY TIME...  I miss my old Turtle Beach headphones that came with a splitter for all the outs on my soundcard and allowed me to plug my headphones into them, AND my speakers, so I just had to turn each off and on with their volume controls to bounce between the two.  No reconfiguring of the dang sound output in Windows...its rather ridiculous imho.
Headset is really comfortable but there is no way to make the mic louder than the loudest setting and also whenever i have my audio turned down low (i like to listen to soft music) the headset instead produces a lot of static. I did not have either of these problems with my previous headsets and they made question my purchase. Overall i am happy with the product.
I have had these headphones since February, and they seem to get worse every month.  By month 2 the mic was not working because after you disconnect and connect the mic a couple times the plastic that holds the mic in wears down and the mic essentially does not fit in there anymore. After a couple months after that  the headphones started only putting out side on the left side, you would have to wiggle the jack to give it sound to the right side.......... but after a couple of minutes it goes back. The headphones are just built bad  the size adjuster is just poorly made, and they dont feel sturdy. They sounded good while they worked which was only like 2 months.... thats right I have dealt with these bad headphones for about 8 months. People Im not telling you not to get these headphones because I CANT find a GOOD pair of headphones that wont break after a couple of months. Cant someone make a pair of headphones that sounds good, and are built good. I tried ASTROS before the hyper x but I returned it soon after because it destorted when you put the volume half up..... yeah $150 headphones distort like 5 dollar headphones.I Bought Razer headphones before the astros but they were built bad, and they had too much bass, so after about a year they fell apart. If anyone has any suggestions LEAVE A COMMENT because I need a good pair. Logitech maybe? Corsair? Steelseries? Please help
Oh man.. After hearing so much hype for these headsets I thought that I would give them a go. Im not usually one to buy into hype but these seem to have rave reviews everywhere. But I just dont really see it, I was pretty disappointed. So to start, for the money, the value isnt bad. They are pretty decent for the money, I have to give them credit for that. Mine had the infamous popping, crackling, issues related to the poor usb adapter. The buttons on it are nice its just that the quality of the adapter, the grounding, isnt good. Thats why you get those popping, cracking sounds. So I run it through a different usb dac of much better quality. Second of all, the comfort is ok.. not great, and I certainly dont see it as lasting. The top headband cushioning is just too thin and not firm enough. Poor choice in foam. Also, the ear cups could have been a tad larger to fully encompass bigger ears, not dumbo size, but just a tad larger and roomier. Once again the foam in the earcup is just ok, its not great, but it definitely isnt the worst. Its decent. I really dont see the foam in these as long lasting but time will tell. Since I was having issues, I decided to open them up and check things out. This is where it gets worse. The drivers used in these are simulated angled drivers. Meaning, they use padding or insulation on part of the driver to try to make the soundstage appear more open and in front of you. My driver in the right ear cup was put in backwards...  meaning that the left ear cup would have a slightly different sound and soundstage than the right. It would be very hard to discern to most anyone except critical listeners. So I ended up just putting the earcup in upside down to correct it, luckily no issue there. So overall... these arent bad. If my usb adapter didnt have issues and the driver wasnt in backwards I would have rated them a 3 or 4. I dont plan on asking for an exchange or refund since I am ok with them, the sound is good, and will use them for modding and improving on with my own padding and earcups. However, if they were to send a new usb adapter I would accept it even though I really dont need it. Once again, for the price, not bad, the QPADs are overpriced and always have been in my opinion and these are good for the value I suppose. Could be better... fix the usb adapters QC, improve on padding a bit, very slightly larger earcups would be nice, and Id call it a winner. Looking forward to a possible open back design with these improvements in the future. Ill mod my own till then. :)
I bought this for my son. The fake "surround sound" was crackly, and needed a USB dongle and it was a hassle to get it to work well. The microphone began to "go bad" and started glitching in June, after about three months of use. On August 2, the ENTIRE unit, microphone AND headphones went dead,dead,dead. This product has been NOTHING BUT DISAPPOINTMENT and frustration for my son, and an ongoing hassle for me. These headset SUCKS. This has been the single worst consumer electronics purchase I have made in literally years. Days worth of nothing but HASSLES to get the surround sound to work on a couple of different Mac OS computers, and then a months-long decline in functionality, and then...DEAD. Seriously--I totally regret having bought this set for my son. Very,very disappointed in every-single-aspect of this product! Worst electronics product I have bought in literally, years.
First of all, I think that the headset is well made and looks amazing. It is extremely comfortable and lightweight. However, there is a huge problem with the sounds when using the built-in sound card. When I just use the 9mm jack cable it is fine, but when I want to use the microphone/7.1 sound or even just USB instead, there is a horrible hissing sound and white noise sound CONSTANTLY. Then there are lots of popping and crackling which make you go insane. Is there a fix? I have tried everything and I have seen a lot of people complaining about it online.
honestly mediocre for the price and the microphone isnt that great - (used for csgo) - Better off getting headphones and a standalone microphone which is the route I ended up going I will say that I am still using the hyperx cloud 2 sound card/amp which is provided with the headset.
The sound quality of these headphones is absolute trash. They are a little comfy once youve had them on for a while, but thats the best thing about them. In-game they work fine with the 7.1 surround sound sort of, but only if you just want to listen to sound effects. Which still get distorted by it. If theres any peaceful music or anything with a piano in it, prepare to either not hear it at all or just hear extremely distorted sounds that cannot even be determined as music. The microphone works perfectly fine and is adjustable, but whats the point in having a headset that you literally only have on your head for the microphone while you use speakers to play the sounds? I was playing Natural Selection 2 with some of my own music playing in the background and when one song came on I was amazed that they put some weird garbage beneath the piano melody, which I later realized was actually just the headphones distorting it since my 17 year old speakers played it just fine. TL;DR  --  If you never need to hear music of any kind and only care about footsteps and gunshots, go for it. If you care about music, stay away from these like the plague.
I was excited to see that my Cloud 2 headset arrived early when I had returned home. I was really impressed by the overall build quality and comfort of the headset straight out the box. The sound quality is great but the thing that really struck me was the microphone. While I was listening to music, I saw that the MICROPHONE volume levels were rising and the "detachable microphone" WASNT EVEN PLUGGED IN. When I did do a thorough test to see what happened even when the mic was plugged in, I was disappointed to see that the mic not only echoed but sounds that ran in my computer echoed with it. Any sounds from games to music would play back in the microphone even when the "detachable microphone" wasnt plugged in. Clearly there was a design flaw somewhere and that my product wasnt tested before being packaged for selling. I expected more out of this company and I can only hope that when I do contact support (yes, Ive read the FAQs on the kingston site) that I can get a replacement product or a permanent fix.
Wonderful sound. Average to small ear cups.  Painful for long gaming sessions.  If you are 6 or taller you may want to pass on this one.
The Steel colour headphones dont ship to where I am(Canada). But the Red one does, which doesnt make any sense
Pros: Ive heard lota of great things about these headsets, and i decided to buy them. I LOVE the look and they are extremely comfortable! They are lightweight, and good build quality. There is alot included in the box, and the packaging was amazing. Cons: When i first started to use them, they were buzzing alot when low sounds would play, i heard from other buyers that these have a burn in time so i dismissed it.  Fast forward a week and a half, the buzzing has stopped, but along with the buzzing stopping the audio/bass in the left ear is less than the right. I dont know what could have caused this, (i dont use them on high volume so i couldnt have blown the drivers out) It is really noticible. I thought it might go away so i have it a couple of days, still there. And when i turn on the 7.1 surround sound mode, its 100 times worse. The audio lacks most frequencies in the left ear, and some sounds dont even play in the left ear either. :( i really like these headsets they are amazing, comfortable, strong, and lightweight, ect. ; but i may have gotten a defective pair an i really hope kingston can help me.
Terrible mic. Event the slightest bit of ambient noise is picked up by the mic and heard loudly by the person on the other end. The headset was unusable for a conversation except in a perfectly quiet room.
Pros: Decent build material, great boxing, great stitching. Cons: Poor microphone quality, crackling noises out of the box, 2.0 sounds better than the 7.1 simulated, tight fit if you have a big head like me, 7.1 sounds awful and gave me a headache. Overall: Not worth the extra 20$. Might as well get the original HyperX Cloud if you really want it. I ended up refunding 5 hours after I got it because of crackling noises and the poor quality of the 7.1. Probably the fastest refund I have ever made. Edit: I appreciate your concern, but Ive contacted customer support already. The best solution to a out-of-the-box defective headset is a refund or a free replacement. Ive tried my USB 2.0, USB 3.0, and a mix amp. The crackling does not go away because the defect is associated with the headset itself and not the USB sound card. Headset products should be assembled in utmost quality and deliver in terms of sound and life span. There is no reason why someone has to refund a product on day one if this was a quality product.
Audio has static and popping noises. Apparently many people have had this issue and has something to do with the usb dongle? Much more noticeable with quiet audio, which is a bummer because I like to play background music while doing other stuff. Update: Totally lost sound in the right ear.
So my quick review is this, the simulated surround sound is meh, i have had Corsairs and other headsets that sound a bit better.  They are however comfortable for the most part.  My biggest complaint and the deal breaker for me is the Mic... people in games and teamspeak complain i am too low.  I went to edit the microphone levels, and its grayed out and un-editable... checked with Kingston regarding this, apparently its a known issue and unfix able at this point.  Also it doesnt seem that Kingston supports the headset with any drivers and none are available on their website. In my personal opinion and owning them since release date, would be pass these up at the current price, wait for a price drop, and use them as a backup headset.  Now I am on the hunter for another headset :(
they sound amazing. bas is realy good. there is some popping everyonce in a while when its really quite but that could be the audio itself not the headset.but i did read a few other reviews that said they get the same popping noise so i have reason to believe its the headset.. otherwise i have no complaints
Not sure if people cant hear or if its just my headset but I get a light crackling sound in the headset. Its kind of annoying when listening to music but I dont hear it while playing games or watching movies. Its really a shame because otherwise these headphones are excellent. Comfortable, light and decent build quality. At this point I cant recommend them unless you really dont care about sound quality.
The sound quality is awful. The treble is exaggerated to the extreme so much that its painful and distorted. No headphones should ever sound like this. Definitely need a solution although there doesnt seem to be any treble controls available. I will likely have to resort to a software solution if there is one, or else return. Its a shame they messed up the most important thing which is sound quality, otherwise this would be 4+ stars. They should have payed more attention to this instead of worthless items like a headphone bag. The cloth replacement earpads are wonderful, very comfortable. The fit on cumsily though and were difficult to secure. Im not a fan of the logo, would prefer it wasnt huge on the headphones. The logo on the volume control is awful, they made it light up bright red and you cant turn it off. Really unnecessary. The braided cloth cable is nice, as well as the in-line volume and mic controls.
Im not sure if my headset just has issues, but Ive gotten many complaints about my microphone randomly turning "demonic" since day 3 of having this headset. The whole headset being analog might help it connect to a wide range of devices, but its not something that is beneficial to gamers who are at their home PC. As opposed to a purely digital headset, if you roll over the wire with your chair or something youll hear static and your mic will mess up. That is just the nature of the analog wires. I bought this headset because the Cloud I had such good reviews, but it seems this one isnt so great. This is definitely a headset to pass on in my opinion. Maybe the first generation version of it is better.
I had previously owned the Logitech G930 Wireless headphones, which I loved for their comfort, sound (their simulated 7.1 on PC I thought was amazing.)  But the G930s, several issues started happening after the warranty expired, such as disconnecting/reconnecting frequently (super annoying, deal breaker).  Also the microphone arm broke off, which meant it was a time to find a new pair. So I started researching and of course ended up finding out about the Clouds.  I did not have a pair of the originals, so cant really compared the 2s from that.  But from what Ive heard the 2s are pretty much identical to the original Clouds, except for the USB soundcard on the cord which is supposed to simulate 7.1 surround sound, like the G930s. The simulated 7.1 on these is kind of garbage compared to the G930s.  It seems like they did this just to add to the selling points of this headset...but the feature itself is pretty weak.  Also, the fact that you cant use this feature it on consoles is a kind of a letdown, but then again, I know im not missing out on much.  Also, these are a bit quieter on their max volume than I expected, but still loud enough where I dont feel the need to return them. With that said, I can move on to the good things.  I just wanted to make it clear, if the simulated 7.1 is a reason you are thinking about buying these, dont. They feel lighter and as comfortable, if not more, than the G930s.  I am wearing them with a pair of glasses on, these are a great pair for anyone that does.  Also, these can be used on consoles (minus the meh simuated 7.1), and my Galaxy S5, which my old pair could not do..  so this is indeed quite the advantage favoring the Cloud 2s.  The quality of the microphone Id give a 7/10, while the Logitechs I would have rated a 8/10. Also the build quality on these feels really good.  Aluminum on the ear pads and connecting the pads to the headband, it makes a huge difference compared to plastic obviously. Overall Im happy with them for their price.  They are about 1/3 the cost of most premium headsets, The real test will be long term use.  Luckily theres a 2 year warranty instead of a 1 year.
This headset is too damned buggy to consider buying. If youre looking for a plug and play device, this isnt it. From the start, this device only works in about half of the USB ports used, and only if severely jammed into them. Connectors must not be very sensitive. The sound quality is good when these are working, but windows cant seem to detect the microphone at all. The customer service people are pleasant and helpful, but dont go through the hassle, get another device. Id say your money is best spent elsewhere. Buyer beware.
Most critical piece of information: You cant adjust the mic volume in Windows, at least in Windows 10 and in several cases I found while searching for a solution. The slider is all the way down at 0% and wont move and the "Mic Up" button on the headset fob just makes the double-beep of being maxed out. People could hear me, but I was very quiet. There are no drivers, so theres just no way to fix it as far as I could tell. You can only turn yourself up if the application specifically supports it. In trying to circumvent this issue, I thought Id plug it into my sound card. Well, the only other option than USB is a 2-in-1 audio jack, so thats a no-go, as well. They did sound fairly decent, though Im still not sure if Im sold on the 7.1 setting. It did make the sound sort of shift towards the center of your head, but it also resulted in a whole lot of unnecessary echo effects, including on voices from chat in games like Garrys Mod. Id recommend them if you value being able to use such a large headset for phone calls or if you never anticipate needing to switch off of the USB plug for your PC.
constant problems with the cables and connections. constantly disconnects internally, cutting out the sound. the wires have twisted tightly around themselves as well. however, it does ahve good sound, and the heaset itself is quite sturdy and comfortable.
sounds great, feels good, but the static noise when plugged in really is a turn off
Pros: -Great sound. -Felt very durable and sturdy. -Easy setup -Easily swap between headset and speakers -Was not all that comfortable for my head, felt like my ears were too large to fit. Was constantly fidgeting with it to make it more comfortable. -Biggest complaint was that there was no loop back audio for the mic so it was very hard to hear myself speaking.
Overall, Im happy with the headset.  However, the sound card seems to be defective and I get crackling noises randomly and Ive had a few people complain about also hearing it through the microphone.
do not buy!!!!!! If you want a headset that works past one month of use look else where. If they didnt have that stupid usb controller this would easily be a 5 star headset but the control broke multiple times and ruined my headset. If you want a good headset get the cloud 1 way better and you dont have to use the s***ty controller it comes with.
Nice looking headphones but did not live up to advertised sound quality....Ok I guess for gamers but not up to standards when it comes to music. I sent these back and bought the Audio Technica M50X....I added a stand alone mike which suits me much better.
Pros: Great mic, a bit quiet, but usable really clear audio, not much to complain about. Build quality is super sturdy and nice feeling, feels way better than my g930 Cons: I bought these for CS:GO mainly as ive seen people advertising them and read many reviews blabbering on about the "amazing" sound, but the 7.1 is eh, and it is really hard to distinguish footsteps and other directional things, I would use the 3.5mm connector, but it wont fit on my computer. Bass is also underwhelming, and I get an occasional pop. Sound is stupid high, would prolly make me deaf if I put it all the way up.
My first review ever but I want to warn against buying this headset. Within 6 weeks the mic stopped working and the fabric coating on the cord is frayed. This headset was a gift to replace/upgrade an old headset but now is back to the old headset and $100 down the drain.
I was extremely happy when my package arrived today.  I unboxed it and followed all of the instructions first plugging it into my PS4 controller, and then through the USB.  The red LED light showed up on the control box and I was getting sound through my headset but was unable to use any buttons on the control box.  Not one volume control worked and neither did the audio mute/un mute.  I have done all of the troubleshooting available and nothing has worked.  Unfortunately I am an avid gamer and spend hours in chat parties while playing video games.  Being able to control those volumes at ease is a must while playing multiplayer shooter games.  Without being able to use this function through the control box this headset is nothing more that a $100 loss.  Yes you can adjust chat volumes and audio settings through the settings on your PS4 but that is not the efficient way for hardcore  gamers that cant switch screens while in a raid or major boss fight. Overall I am very upset about this purchase.  I switched rom my Turtle Beaches to this and am highly regretting it now.  I would not advise buying this product until they sell replacement parts at ease...because you will need them.
i bought this headset and i enjoy it allot. but the mic is awful and its bad . hope they fix the mic problem in  hyper x 3 ..
Wait for kingston to fix the common static sound problem with this headset if you want to use the 7.1 sound. It works fine without using the 7.1 usb adapter but if you want to use the adapter then you will get an anoying static sound every few seconds from each left and right side.
I have been using it for months already. Yesterday, out of nowhere it started to disconnect( PC wont show it as connected) I will re-plug them and sometimes it works sometimes no. I change the sound card to a steelseries ones and it works. The sound cards dont work at all now after 1 night. I didnt hit or drop them with anything and this happens. Not sure what its the problem hope to see if there is a solution for this.
its a nice set but i only gave it 3 stars because i had it a week and the usb cord quit working
I love the headset, but about a week into having it, the mic completely died, and the microphone is something i use every single day, and me headset is essentially bricked without it, so naturally I am very upset, and am probably going to return it because i need a working mic as soon as possible UPDATE: Now! Guess what happened now, to make my week EVEN BETTER? THE SOUND STOPPED PLAYING THROUGH THEM! NOW THEY ARE LITERALLY 100? BRICKED IN LESS THAN 2 WEEKS OF BUYING THEM, I HAVE DECIDED THAT THESE ARE NO LONGER WORTH WHAT I PAID FOR THEM AND I WILL BE RETURNING THEM, BECAUSE THIS IS COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE. (Sorry for all the caps, but I am really upset because this was just the cherry on top that I needed to make my week even worse) But seriously, there are way too many problems with these headphones. Maybe is Kingston were to respond to my bloody ticket, and send me a whole new pair, I might be happy.
Ive own this for six months. The product is notoriously faulty, but Kingston has the best customer support on the planet. Awful static, and after 3 replacements it always comes back after a week. Google the issue, its really that rampant.
Very comfortable and well made. Easy to use with NO software (I loved that part). Unfortunately the surround sound on these is terrible. It doesnt even sound like surround it just sounds like stereo in an echo chamber. Youre better off buying the normal stereo version thats 20$ cheaper as you wont be using the poor implementation of Dolby that these come with anyway.
headset was good and comfortable and lightweight..but had a mic problem with the first one i had to RMA..Then i received another headset and it had popping noises in the ear cups so i just refunded and got a different type. Other then that its a good headset i might have just gotten a bad batch.
i bought these gaming headset for my nephew, he used them for three months and they broke. Not a quality item.
I bought this about a month ago, but the sound card (the usb) had started not to function anymore. I even tried to reinstall it and I cant return it anymore, what a let down.
Updating this review. Ive had the product for 4 months, the right ear phone fell off the metal brackets. Static coming through the headset 24/7 and just really loud and irritating causing headaches Also the headset wires send static through the mic when i move it a certain way. Will update after i get my product back from kingston as i sent it in through their RMA.
it worked for a few months then the 7.1 box stopped working i have to keep it still to work if i move it i cant hear nothing unless i unplug then re plug it wish they sold these parts separably cuz i really like the headphones
For the money its a good set of headphones. Im a huge audiophile, from car stereo to household sound; I only use the best I can. That being said, I think the fault of this is the Mic and the built in sound-card. I think it really gimps the headset. I have an ASUS Xonar that I use for sound editing and general enjoyment of music. I connected the headset directly to the Xonar, it delivered much better control of the bass and mids. The mic is horrible, bottom line. Its good for gaming, but not anything else. I use a Blue Nessie for recording anyway, so its no big deal to me. unfortunately, I owned a set of Logitech PX21 that I paid $40 for and the build quality of them was horrible, but the sound was awesome and the mic quality was surprisingly nice. The comfort is amazing though, I have worn these for about 7 hours straight and sometimes they keep everything around me so quiet, I forget theyre even on my head. Braided cords are a definite plus and the overall quality of the set feels very well put together, not cheap and brittle. Bottom line, you could buy a set of Sennheiser headphones, sacrifice the Mic and get twice the quality for the same amount of money. This isnt a studio headphone set though, so it doesnt really matter. I just expected more quality and "Umph" For $100.00. For your average user this will blow them away, Im just biased because Ive been around super high end equipment and I can tell the difference. Id say buy em and try em. Im not displeased with them at all. The price is what Im complaining about. Id like to throw something in there now, a few months later. The clip for the volume control kind of just fell apart, and the headset itself sounds the same as it did a few months ago but the "Elasticity" of it holding on to your head has diminished.
Had this for a little over 3 months and its already messed up! Dont buy.
Within two month of usage  the right ear stopped working. I dunno how, I keep it placed neatly on my desk so i dunno why or how but it just kinda sucks that 100 bucks and it just stopped working.
The sound is really good and the mic works well. I have the infamous popping noise in mine though. I have done everything recommended to fix it but it still has the popping noise. It is the USB dongle that creates this noise. I have contacted Kingston support about this and am currently talking with them. I expect a new dongle to be shipped to be place free of charge else I will return this headset as the popping noise ruins music and games. Update: I got a new dongle and it still makes the noise, even with the newest firmware (5) and the newest drivers. Returning this as the popping noise ruins everything. I would advise not buying this until the issue is fixed.
It was great for a month or so. Then the cord got bent and now the sound goes out if the cord bends. This always happens with headphones so it must be me. But, it still factors into my rating. It doesnt happen constantly so I could live with it, and everything else is great. It came a little stiff (which I actually preferred) but now if I take it off my head the band bends and the cups go across each other. Also, the adjustable part of it loves to close up randomly because its loose. All in all, its a nice headset, and Id probably recommend it,
the headset sooo good but the cord already coiled so much its already have half the length so sad only had for three days
I have a set of really expensive Sennheisers, and Im not an audiophile, but I love these.  For gaming, they are excellent.  Super comfortable.  My only problem with them after about a month of use is that after I game for a really long time without getting up, they do seem to my head a bit hot, but the noise cancellation is pretty great.  Love them.  Worth the money. As an update, Ive had these for almost exactly a year, and They pop like mad now.  They are basically useless.  On top of the popping, they also shock me pretty terribly if I stand up quickly while wearing them. So, to review, I loved these headsets for about 10 months, and then they started popping, and shocking me.  So theres that.
Usb saund card is defective!
Sound quality was excellent, but the mic was defective. Mic volume stuck very low and was not adjustable through the controller or through Windows either.
Its a good stereo headset,great mic. But did not had enough volume on my ps4.
sadly we will be returning these to Kingston as the mic stopped working with the Xbox one adapter after only 6 weeks. Very disappointing after such a good start
Ordered 2 pairs, mic didnt work
The slightest nudge to the usb connector has disconnected my headset, and now after nudging it again it gives me the message that "One of the USB devices attached to your computer has malfunctioned, and Windows does not recognize it". I have restarted my computer, tried every plug, tried plugs on other computers, and reinstalled my usb drivers. The headphone/microphone jack plug that came with the headset has never functioned so now I have no way of using the headset.
this headset was quite good until, after less than two months of use, it  stopped completely with no abuse whatsoever. i have contacted support but to no avail. maybe this review will garner the attention i feel it deserves. i spent 100$ on these headphones...I have had 10$ headphones last longer. this is bulls***.
Hi, I bought a Cloud II headset a couple of weeks back and the screw in the right ear piece fell off. The sound quality is pretty good. I mostly use it on my PS4 and on Skype. I would have given it 5 if the screws didnt fall off. Kingston, can you send screws so I can fix it myself. I do not want to go into the hassles of returning and stuff. Thanks. Amit
it broke 1 month in, by that i mean the sound completely stopped.
Had it less than a month had to get it replaced the extension part stop working right.
The packaging was very high end as was the product but unfortunately they didnt fit my head right and were heavy on the ears to the point that my ears hurt after wearing them for an hour.
"the usb device is not recognized" I want my headset to be fixed. This is bull.
It broke after 4 days of use. Their customer service is good and maybe I got a defective version but it sucks that I have to ship it to have the product replaced.
Its alright for the most part.. I hear static even when not playing audio, and the static becomes more audible when I click the 7.1 button. If theres a fix, please let me know. Comfortable at least.
I bought this mic hoping it would be better than a Turtle beach. What I got instead was a piece of over hyped over advertised, and overrated junk. It served even more problems than the generic Turtle Beach, beginning with the mic feature. It would either play the sound of 1 application while ignoring another, or just not work at all. If I tried talking to someone, Id have to unplug and plug the mic back in several times hoping that it would eventually work. So basically you have to play roulette just to make the talking feature work properly. Currently Im having a problem where I have to bend the cord towards the right, because if it goes down at all the entire Cloud II Crapset is labelled "unrecognized" by my computer. The only admirable thing I can dare give it would be the sound quality, but even then you are still fighting with it just to make it play all sounds from all applications, rather than just 1 or 2 out of 4-6, and talking once again is like playing plug-unplug roulette until it finally decides to turn itself back on. Do not get this Crapset if you want to have a hassle free experience. Do not buy this Crapset if you wish to talk to your friends and family through skype/curse/teamspeak while playing Dota2/league of Legends/Smite/Warcraft together without ANY mechanical or technical troubles at all. DO NOT buy this Crapset if you wish to maintain sanity by not encountering problems with this. The Cloud II Headset, is one of the most problem prone Headsets Ive ever had. In fact, this is the worst AND the most expensive Headset Ive ever gotten, and Ive gone through cheesy 20$ Xbox 360 mics. This Crapset is all about Eyecandy and sound quality, never feedback, and never problem free. it looks pretty when you look at the picture, or the physical object, but I assure you, this abomination is the devil itself.
This headset was everything I could have ever wanted in a headset. It has a comfortable...well, everything. One of the best parts of the headset is being able to unplug it from the USB section and use it on your phone or laptop. Its virtual surround is perfect, and almost flawless. But now for the bad news: it only worked for three months. Within this three months, I changed several computer components, including sound card and motherboard, and nothing ever changed. However, just today (7/7/15) I went to change which USB port it was plugged into, and it stopped being recognized by windows. I tried uninstalling audio drivers to no avail. I have sent a ticket to Kingston and hope to have the product replaced, as nothing happened to it despite being unplugged. If it werent for this fact the product would have gotten a 5-star review.
Had it for two months then mic randomly stopped working would rate a 5 but no damage and the mic no longer works
horrible surround sound. I thought 7.1 virtual surround sound would sound a lot better but there is literally no difference with the stereo. It sounds just like  a stereo headset. Very disappointed.
I love this headset however the 3.5 aux connection was bent with in a week of light use. Maybe I had a defective product. While I had them they were amazing headset that met all of my needs.
Bought these as a replacement for my original Razer Kraken Pro 7.1 headset that was not aging gracefully. Although Im a true Razer fan through and through (two nagas, an epic chroma, black widow chroma, several pieces of other gear), after reading the rave reviews across the web I got the Cloud II over the Cloud one in hopes the known USB driver issue was fixed. Sadly, thats not the case. There is a very annoying and audible "crackle" in the audio (that many others have also noted) when you use the dongle on Windows 7 (not the case on my iMac machine at work, where it sounded great. Not sure if relevant). Thats the only reason Im entirely docking two stars, as the audio with no other options is extremely flawed and distracting due to this. My solution has been to instead forego the USB dongle entirely and stick with Razers Surround Sound kit through Synapse, which sounds AMAZING through these cans. Bass, hi and low tones are great and coupled with the extremely comfortable memory foam and two sets of different cups, these are winners in my book. The mic is also a fantastic step up from the Razer Kraken Pro mic, as Ive already had several people on the other end of it comment on how much more crisp and clear I sound now. The whole heaset feels very sturdy and well constructed. TL;DR – These are a great step up from the Razer Kraken Pro 7.1 in both comfort and mic quality, but sadly because it seems they havent fully fixed the USB Driver issue, the audio loses out bigtime on the scoreboard for an out-of-the-box user. Considering a return for the Cloud I, as it might be a better investment since I cannot make any use of the 7.1 inclusion on this model.
I bought these for my son on March 4,2015 and received them on March 6th, Amazon rocks! On the 13th my son started using them and he Loved them. Well unfortunately they broke over the weekend. The headphones work but the usb cord for the mic does not. I contacted the company today and they sent me an email for proof of purchase ect. I sent the information still have not heard back. today is April 20, 2015 so as you can see they did not last long before breaking. I will update review as I get information on how to get this fixed, How long it takes and if company stands by its product.
The audio quality is great, and the microphone is quiet but it works alright... My biggest issue with this headset is the clip on the USB control box keeps breaking off. The customer service seems to be great but the thin plastic hinge wears out so very quickly with my normal use. Ive had three so far, and the most recent one I treated extremely delicately, making sure the clip didnt come down hard or get caught on clothing. It broke off again this morning. Ive had this headset for a little over a month so far... I dont know if Ive just had bad luck and gotten defective USB controls three times in a row,  but Im really disappointed because I love everything else about it. Im going to shop around for a better quality made headset now.
AUDIO CONTROL BOX DOES NOT WORK FOR PS4. I bought this for a PS4 its useless if you want to use the control box. You can NOT control volume and you cant mute your mic. Most people want to mute if they dont want everyone hearing them at times. NOT with this headset.
I really love this headset for gaming, its comfortable to wear for hours and the sound is great for a $100 headset. However, the mic is basically unusable. I come through sounding really "tinny" and no matter how close I get to the mic the volume of my voice is really, really low. However, all of the "Pah" sounds and breath comes through perfectly...Not exactly the effect I was going for. Its totally worth it if you just want a mid-level pair of headsets, though, so if you dont care about a mic, go for it.
I bought these headphones a few months ago, and was very pleased with the sound quality, the mic was alright. But then things started to go downhill. In the headset audio, there is an occasional crackling, like little pops, and sometimes the audio will drop completely. But even worse, now whenever I speak with the mic, my voice cuts out every few seconds! its ridiculous. I take very good care of these headphones and they shouldnt have degraded in the 3-4 months that Ive had them. $100 for a piece crap disguised as gold. would not recommend. Wish I had the money to replace them.
This is the best headset I have ever had. The 7.1 audio is on point. The mic is great, and my TeamSpeak members say so. Would reccommend to all who need a value headset! EDIT: Wire broken in less than a year. Left ear cup does not work. Very disappointed.
Purchased this about a month ago for gaming but thought it would be good for using with my cell phone for normal phone calls.  Every time I tried to make a call, the person on the other side says there is loud static noise coming through.  Then when I was doing another test with the cell phone, person on other side heard a lot of static and I heard a lot of popping noises.  Seems okay when plugged in with USB but not good at all when just using the 3.5mm jack.  Audio sounds decent.
i had them for 7 months and they are broken, well the end tip from the main chord
This headset is great, unless you take in consideration the poor quality of the mic. It constantly picks up my breathing, which was really annoying for the people I would play games with. This was not even the worst part. The microphone is either too sensitive or not sensitive enough. it takes a good 10 minutes to find the sweet spot, and any adjustments to the mic throw it back off. I highly recommend getting a different headset. This has caused me more problems than any other headset and I have only had it for about a month.
after barely a month of use headset started making constant white noise and left earphone ceased to work. was a great headset up until then, there goes 100$ right out the window.
In my opinion sidetone is a must for a closed gaming headset otherwise because you cannot hear your voice you dont have control over it. And as the result youre either yelling or speaking too soft. Its really irritating to concentrate on your voice level all time when youre voice chatting with others while playing. I made the mistake and bought this and I had to put away the USB sound card and connect it directly to the computer using an splitter adapter to be able to use it. On the other hand the build quality and sound quality are good. Update: I changed my vote to 3 stars because despite the lack of feature which I needed, after using it for a few months I came to conclusion that I like the overall quality of this headphone. Its a decent device and definitely worth its price
These head phones are okay for console gaming the only problem is right as the return policy ran out with amazon something went wrong with my audio in the head phones the chat audio makes all my friends sound like robots pretty cool at first but after a while it bothers me.
Went through two units in two weeks. The first units usb amp did not work at all. The second sets mic gave out after a few days of use. There is no way to adjust drivers since hyperx does not have a software for these headphones.
I absolutely loved this headset to death, its comfortable, sounds great, looks great, feels great, but after having it for a little over a month literally as I was talking to a friend mic started to go static and cut off my friend said, the mic plain out doesnt work anymore unless Im forcible push the audio jack in, which still results in static and me cutting off a lot. I have contacted support and as of me writing this have gotten no response.
Audio above 66% and it constantly audio crackles. Enable 7.1, and constant audio crackles. If you remove and replace the USB port it sometimes solves it for a few minutes. Mic quality is bad, the size adjustments dont stay where they are set, and the braided cables going from the headband to the ear cups constantly touch your hair making your head itch. The audio quality, however is alright. If I had the option however, I would probably swap these out for a set of my old headphones. The old ones broke within a few months, and fixing them void the warranty, but honestly for a gaming headset, this one failed. It has too much Bass that drowns out footsteps and clear firing from longer distances, and the mic, as quoted from my friend, "It makes you sound more like a nasaly geek."
Mic starting making pulsing noises after only 2 months and it will no go away. It is very frustrating to have brand new headsets break so fast. A friend of mine had also ordered one because I had recommended it to him before mine broke. His mic was very ugly when he spoke and his came straight out of the box. I do not recommend this headset for anyone at all. While it was working though the sound was good and mic was also good. Such a shame that it broke so fast. I expected better from Kingston.
Pros: great sound, covers the whole ear, isolates you from the world. Cons: heavy, uncomfortable for long periods, squeezes too tight. I own an old set of Razer Carcharies and wanted to replace them. The reviews for the HyperX were great and that is why I purchased these. However I am a gamer and this set is extremely tight and much heavier than what I am used to. This weighs around 1 - 1.5 lbs and my Razer is only 8oz. I feel the push on top of my head but the worst is the squeezing of the cups on both sides. the set is made so if you do not wear them the 2 cups meet each other (which was not evident by the photos of this product), the gaming set I have is open and leaves 6" between the cups when you lay it on the table. Granted the sound is very good but this will give you a horrid headache. Wearing these also prevents you from hearing anything else but what you listen to, so if your mom is calling, phone is ringing or someone is calling for help you will be none the wiser.
The audio was beyond trash until i used another headsets cord and a third party EQ also installed. Contacting their support, they said there was no fix and i needed a replacement. If this happens to yours, send it back asap.
These headphones were amazing. I got them in February 2015 and now in June 2015, they are shorting out and not working any longer. If you plan on using your headphones a lot, I would suggest not buying these since nothing Looks physically wrong with my Headphones.
Weak wiring protection, mic is not good quality It also hugged my head too tightly and it hurt after only an hour or two using it do not recommend
I purchased this on April 20th, 2015. I absolutely loved the first Headset released by HyperX. It was truly magnificent. I was incredibly satisfied. Fast forward 2 months later and the usb dongle suddenly goes horribly wrong. It is incredibly comfortable, durable, and even stylish. The mic is a bit on the lower end compared to the rest of the headset. Unfortunately the various cracking/popping and problems with the USB dongle have lead me to give it such a low rating. This issue has happened on multiple computers already and Im definitely not the first to mention it. I really did have such high hopes.
I sent them back, it didnt work.
So Ive had this headset for a little over 3 months and the time Ive had with it has been great, super comfy and great sounding. But a few days ago out of nowhere they stopped working. Every time i try to connect them my computer says "USB Device not recognized", ive tried uninstalling the driver and trying different usb ports and different computers but nothing seems to be working. Ive only had for such a short while and while it worked it was great but if its only going to work for about 3 months then dont bother with it, its not worth spending $100+ on these.
These were mad raved about by gamers alike. Here is what i have to say. #1 - Props to Amazon for their packaging and shipping of this item. They have absolutely no wrongs what so ever with how they handle business on their end. So onto the headset. I wanted to like them, and i really was looking forward to them when they came in the mail. People are right - the packaging of these headset is great, amazing actually. Felt like i was opening a box of some pro $1000 headsets. They were indeed the most comfortable headset i ever tried on - absolutely no doubts about that. So why did i return them to amazon and buy the HyperX Cloud instead? Couple key problems. Though the sound quality was great for music - with the 7.1 surround sound - everything sounded muddled. I tested them with Battlefield 4, CS:GO, War Thunder - and all i can say is it was way too bassy or boomy for my taste to the point where i could not pinpoint enemy location. Even with my Stereo Creative Fatal1ty headset for $30 - i had better sound coming from my 3.5mm jack playing the audio from the clear sound 2 on my asus motherboard. The other thing i ran into - I definitely would have kept the headset if they had on them the 2x 3.5mm jacks connected to the USB dongle, one for the headphone and one for the mic. However unlike the cloud, they made it only one 3.5mm jack which connects to the USB dongle and since thats the case, you cant use the headphone and mic with the 2 standard 3.5mm jacks in the front of your computer. -Honestly - hats off to Kingston for a job well done with making a headset comfortable and really look and feel premium. However making the connection only 1x 3.5mm to a useless USB dongle which provides crappy boomy "7,1 digital surround sound" in which there is no software to tone down the base - terrible idea. Lets just hope the HyperX Cloud that i ordered will be a different story. I really dont want to put AMAZON thru the pain of having to deal with another return. This was my first and only purchase as of yet (*knock on wood*) i ever returned to amazon. In fact i even feel guilty of having to return them to amazon. I did however my best to repackage it so that all they need to do is stick a seal on it like the factory does and whoever gets it on discount will feel like they are recieving a new pair - not one that was opened and worn/tested for 2 hours.
I bought this headset approximately 6 months ago. It seemed liked a great headset for $99, terrific sound quality and comfortable fit, just what I was looking for without dropping a ton of money. The headband is actually made out of metal, so it is pretty study, the one problem, the brackets that hold the earmuffs to the headband are made out of cheap plastic. So even using this item with great care and delicacy has lead to one of the screws falling out of the bracket causing the ear muff to become detached, in other words rendering the headset useless...
After 1 year of light usage. One side stopped working with very little use. Warranty expired so Im stuck with broken headphones. Would be 5 stars if both sides still worked.
the micro suck i just use it for 3 weeks, normal use and then the micron dosent work
Dont let the 3 stars fool you, Id give it 5 stars if it wasnt some problems that I had, that many of you would look past. Pros: Great Built Quality Excellent comfort (So comfortable, that every other headset hurts my ears) except if your face gets hot , then the leather gets a tad uncomfortable Surround sound is decent Long cord with USB Looks great Great packaging Cons: Short cord if using just audio jack Mic is less then good. Id expect something a bit better on a 100 dollar headset Now for the big problem, as most of you know: The popping noises Right before I start, I want to let you all know there are two ways to get this problem (probably) fixed. A: Contact Kingston support where they will give you a exclusive download and installation guide, fixed my problem B: I heard they will send a updated usb dongle thing with the correct version of software. If your popping noise isnt what Kingston adressed, there are some guides online that may help. Now for my story: Right off the bat I noticed the popping noise, and I just said whatever until it became so frequent I nearly through the headset. I contacted support, got it fixed, and was happy. Only problem is, is that the popping is still there for me. I am thinking about contacting support as it has been more then a month since I can return my order, to see if they can do anything to help. The popping is definitely less, but it still has some problems with some frequencies . One other thing with the update is it noticeably decreased the maximum volume of the headset (Not affecting me that much, as I usually keep volume at 50% anyways). Anyways, if you can deal with the popping noise until it gets fixed, and carry out it being fixed, then this headset is amazing. The extreme comfort is why I bought it , and Im happy I did. If only they solidified the popping problem Id of given it a 5/5. Thanks for reading
Great quality build, amazing sound, but the mic is garbage (very very quite), this really need to be fixed.
i previously ordered the hyper x cloud 2 around April 2015.It worked and was very enjoyable.In early June the mike for the headset seemed to have short and would only work if it was bent at a angle.I contacted amazon and they allowed me to have it replaced.I now have the replacement and once again the mike seems to be going bad.This time the problem seems to be coming from the sound card area.It works when held at a angle. d get the product replaced but i would have to ship it back to the us like last time(amazon covered the cost).When it returns i would have to pay the tax to clear it which would be almost 60$ here and i dont wan tot pay for this item a 3rd time
Mine came broken. Right side doesnt work
The build quality was fine and was a nice upgrade from my Logitech G930. However the sound and mic quality was bad. You could hear crackling noises when enabling the 7.1 surround sound. I use teamspeak 3 and my friends complain about hearing noises from my mic like muffling.
I got these to replace my Logitech G430 Headsets. Which were made of plastic and snapped in two one day as I was putting them on. Hyperex Cloud IIPro: These are made nice! They are very comfortable and solidly build. I liked the metal construction It felt like these wont break like my last pair. The packaging was really nice too. Hyperex Cloud II Con:  Sadly, the sound quality just isnt there.  It sound is vastly inferior to what I am used to, and the "simulated 7.1" does not deliver. Verdict: going to keep looking.
Hmm... Not bad but unfortunately, like every other sub-100 headset out there, USB sucks vs 3.5mm because I have an ASUS Xonar DG 5.1. The supplied "Premium USB Sound Card" gives flat, empty bass. The 7.1 surround sound is poor and the volume levels are uneven... this is typical of gimmicky 5.1/7.1 surround headsets that actually have individual speakers. Unfortunately no extension cable is provided so I cannot test it with my Xonar DG 5.1. My previous setup which consisted of a Speedlink Medusa NX Stereo headset, coupled with the aforementioned Asus Xonar DG 5.1, gave such realistic 7.1 surround sound that I could of called it INFINITY.1 surround because you couldnt hear any gaps or dips in volume as the surround was synthesised flawlessly through the very awesome Speedlink headset. It was and still is the best setup I ever came across and cheaper. Yes its unfair to compare a proper sound card vs a USB one, but the quality is important and since the USB box makes up part of the cost, it is well worth mentioning. Had a 2M gold plated extension cable been supplied to give people the option to ditch the box and plug it into a dedicated sound card, then Id be giving this 4 stars. The build quality so far seems okay, but Ive had it less than a day, but I was drawn to review it so soon based on sound quality alone which is lacking. Anybody who hasnt heard decent audio, yet no where near audiophile quality, doesnt realise how bad so many of the products theyve gotten previous. Top tip for stellar, cheap, but superior quality audio on a budget (yet is still better than so-called "Premium headsets" and definitely anything to do with USB sound cards. Asus Xonar DG 5.1 (this one has the headphone preamp, get that one). Settings: EQ - Soft Rock. Output: Headphones - (Turn Dolby Surround off). Audio Channels: 8 (Leave it on this). Set HeadPhone Out Advanced settings and set the power to 32-64Ohm. Go into Windows sound settings and select default device / communication device (do this when the headset is plugged in). Run the configuration for Playback, select 7.1 and "Test". Youll hear the sound flawlessly play out across the stereo headset just fine... try this with onboard sound and it will most likely not work and only play the front 2 channels. This will be your sound card doing the magic and allowing 7.1 across those 2 channels in your headset. Click next, select "Full Range" for all speakers and continue to the end and hit okay. Get a Speedlink Medusa NX Stereo headset, or something similar, or even use this headset, but my audio awesome was achieved with the Speedlink and the Xonar DG, so until I get to try the HyperX Cloud II via 3.5mm only, then I cant say. Now go into CSGO or any other game you like and you can select 5.1, or 7.1 and regardless of those two settings the sound card will play the positional audio, perfectly, smoothly, across all areas of the headset. Basically INFINITY.1 sound. Make sure HF (HiFi) and GX mode is OFF on the ASUS Audio Control Centre. You can also right click the ASUS Xonar DG Icon on the system tray and set the response time of the headset to as low as you can get it. Make sure when you set the sound card and headset up, that in you set the audio to 96Khz, something that cannot be done on this headset, but will be if used via 3.5mm. Now compare the USB sound, or any other headset that boasts quality vs the settings and the kit Ive mentioned and youll realise just how bad this headset is in comparison. Itd been more worth it if Kingston had hidden the earcup wires and provided a 3.5mm extension cable, but now Ive got to go buy one. Oh, and listen to music with 7.1 off on the HyperX Cloud II and then use the settings and kit I mentioned and listen to some bassy ass music with some highs in, and youll see what I mean. In time the audio wont seem as bad as it is now because its hugely contrasting to what Im used to, but in truth my setup idea is both cheaper and infinitely better. Its only because Ive had about 3 Speedlink Medusa NX Stereos over 6-7 years that I wanted something a little  more durable, but even so its a great headset that couples extremely well with the ASUS Xonar DG 5.1. Now, Kingston, as much as I adore your company, I encourage you do the same as mentioned above and get an idea for cheap, very high quality audio. I dont even have to change settings, Im set on 8 channels which play across my stereo perfectly, for all movies, all music and all games that use 5.1/7.1. Try it and get back to me, thatd be just grand. I will give credit to Kingston for the quality braided cables, the lovely packaging, the velour replacement ear ups (which they dont tell you how to replace) and of course the memory foam, but these are luxuries that could have been substituted for better virtualised surround sound. In CSGO, the virtual 7.1, sounds virtual with uneven sound when turning as it tries to mimic actual speaker positions as opposed to the way the human ear actually works. In case anyone had noticed, we can hear positional audio and we only have TWO ears. Again, go try the setup I suggested and spin around in a circle while people shoot in the distance on CSGO and youll be blown away (once you get used to it, but go back to something else and youll miss it). Ill be keeping the headset as my other pair of Speedlink Medusa NX Stereos died in one ear cup. Now I just need an extension cable. This is an expensive investment, especially considering Ill be throwing the USB sound card in a draw and using this headset via my sound card. The only way Ill be able to tell if this is worth it, is if the quality of the cans themselves (drivers n such) are better than the cheaper Speedlink ones, which actually pretty good ones considering the cost. Peace (long review/complaint, blah blah dont care). Feel free to leave a thank you if you do try my setup, the advice was given to me by an audiophile on HeadFi.org (I think thats what it was called), either that or it was AV forums.
Dont buy this product... its really really bad.... Customer service = 0
Okay but the virtual surround sound made it harder to determine locations, not easier. Also get kind of warm after a while. A decent set of open back headphones beat these easily.
Ordered this headset for Christmas in 2015. Have used the headset maybe once or twice a week since then. Today, the plastic clip which has only ever been clipped onto my pants pocket to keep the headset cord from dragging the ground near my computer chair, snapped just from me widening the clip to fasten it. Its really regrettable that the plastic is so cheap, because this was otherwise a fairly nice headset at what felt like a good price point before it broke. Funny enough, even if I had gotten the three year protection plan, this wouldnt have been covered, because the headset broke at about the 3 1/2 year mark.
If youre looking for a true 7.1 surround sound headset, I would not recommend this product. Its simply stereo channels with virtual surround sound. To test this out, I compared the sound from my Plantronics GameCom 780 (has true Dolby and Pro Logic LLX software) I bought back in 2015 to these and it was obvious on how much less the quality of the surround sound the HyperX Cloud IIs is.
Ok so if your buying this headset to use universally between consoles and pc, go for a different one. The remote to change volume, mute, etc. only works with pc because it’s connected via usb. I found this very annoying because every time I switched to console I had to unplug my mic piece if I didn’t wanna talk or cancel background noises.
Saw many good reviews for this headset and I was excited to get them. However, I am very disappointed with them. 1st, you can not use the 7.1 surround sound with xbox one. 2nd, they keep cutting off for about 5 seconds and turning back on. This is the second pair to do this.
Literal waste of $100. My 3 year old Steelseries has better audio quality than this one. Was able to turn my maximum volume on my computer up to 11 out of 100 before the sound started blowing out the speakers on this headset. After I finally got the mic to work, I hopped in discord and there was a permanent echo that was audible to me only. Classical music is tinny to the point I wont even use this headset to listen only. Save your money and stay away from these.
**XBOX DISCLAIMER** I dont leave reviews often, but I was very disappointed with the advertising, as it should really be sold as a PC/PS4 headset. This is not an ideal headset for Xbox users. The volume controls and mute switch are only attached to the USB adapter, not the main cord that plugs into the control. You have to unplug the mic just to mute, and dont have the option to toggle your volume at all. Apparently you can plug the USB directly into the PS4 and still use it, however not for the Xbox. Im sure its a great headset for the PC, but for the console you dont get the full experience of the audio, and also cant use the surround sound feature. For the price, youre much better off going with another headset. Currently returning mine.
I bought this headset from BestBuy about 6 months ago, and there have been microphone problems since I got them. FIrst, they were very minor, but now the microphone just completely drops out randomly and refuses to work. The headset is amazing but microphone is the worst Ive ever had and completely ruins the overall headphones for me, never buying a hyperx product again.
I had bought a pair of these quite a while ago and instantly loved them, they came in a nice box with quality accessories. However the first set had the 3.55mm jack that plugs into your controller or the usb plug into your pc broke while I was playing a game. I was rather disappointed, but after contacting support they promptly replaced my broken headset with a new one. I was very happy and then the replacement also had a jack that broke, this time instead of trying to get yet another replacement I bought another headset because I liked it so much. After a few months of use on both my Xbox and my Pc this one broke as well and they refuse to fix or replace it at all. So for third time the same part of the headset has failed and for that reason I would not recomend this product to anyone. Look to Razor or turtle beach for a better headset that might last.
Great sound but the mic is really really bad. Was told I sound like im being muffled when I speak. Got rid of the mic after a day and I generally use these to listen to music.
Ive bought this headset twice, had it replaced for free once. I love everything about them when it comes to sound quality, comfort, mic quality, and looks... but Ive had the EXACT SAME reoccurring problem with them after 6-12 months of use: The 3.5mm headphone jack hardware shorts out and creates HUGE audio/mic quality issues. Once this happens, you have to rotate the jack to just the right spot for a proper connection, otherwise your audio will be impaired and your mic output will sound like a tornado. Trust me, your teammates will not shut up about this. The amount of times Ive been told "Youre destroying my ears" or "Get a new mic for Gods sake" is in the triple digits. It sucks. I really like this headset, but from my experience they just dont hold up to warrant the price tag (I bought these back in 2015 when they were $150). You really need a 2-year warranty on this piece. IF you do decide to buy it, try not to plug the 3.5mm jack into anything but the provided USB connector so as to prolong its life. I wanted to use it for my phone, laptop, and ps4 but I think the stress from using it on multiple ports just was too much. All in all, great headset, poor durability
So I purchased this product to save a little cash and shipped it overseas for my wife. Naturally, the microphone did not work on arrival due to a fault with the cord. Its a great headset. Buy it new if its on sale. Im leaving this negative review in particular because shipping the product back was 18.30 and it was not refunded. Which is a 4th of what I paid to begin with. So a lot of wasted time, and a present for my wife ended up costing her a fair bit.
Everything about this headset lived up to the hype... except longevity.  The fact that they only last 2 months before the microphone ceases to work altogether just proves that there is no such thing left as quality in a gaming headset in todays day and age.  The picture says exactly what these are worth.  Void Pros only last 1 month longer so they are in the same bucket... Both headsets were treated with extreme care, until I lost it over this one failing me for the last time.
This is a great product. Everything I asked for, except a working mic. Nothing could fix it. I tried EVERYTHING, and still not a working mic. I think this is just my experience, but just watch out.
Im on my 2nd pair.  The first pair lasted 3 years before the cable that connected the headphones broke down.  I loved these so much I decided to get another pair.  The 2nd pair broke after 1 year.  The headphones still work but the mic does not.  Im awaiting an RMA right now so I will update once Im through that process. Headphones are very comfortable and the sound is great.
This is a very good headset I’ve owned a few and I have loved all of them, they just have one horrible flaw. The cable that’s plugs into your controller is very week, I have tossed my controller (not in anger) on my desk and the plug snapped in half
Bought it as a gift for my sons birthday but the headset broke and stuck inside my sons Xbox controller. Contacted support and was given an answer that they cant do much about it since its physical damage.
I play a lot of COD and I am able to hear footsteps very well. However, the "noise cancellation" is the act of covering the ears? There is no active noise cancellation ! Also, the software should have included an equalizer because otherwise there is little bass for explosions.
The sound quality, noise cancellation and feeling of the headset were awesome, unfortunately this headset comes default with a very VERY short wire. So short that just standing up to adjust your positioning in your seat is enough to cause it to become taught. Unfortunately, I went to adjust myself one too many times and the 3.5mm jack thats attached to the headset actually broke in half. I couldnt believe it. Although Ive only had this for a little over 1 month technical support said it wasnt covered by a warranty. Buyer beware - this cable is VERY short. Do not buy unless you get the extension. Im out 100 bucks, Ill admit, my fault, but hey, its a bit ridiculous.
Got this on Prime day because it was a good deal ($70). Was really excited about this as its used by some pro gamers. What a disappointment - the sound is very muffled that you cant tell where the gun shot is coming from. Not to mention with the USB control this for some reason doesnt work in pubg, which is the main game I play. And the audio cord is WAYYYY too short (Id have to sit on the floor). This isnt any better than my $30 cheap headset....Im returning this and will be looking for a better option.
Just started back into the gaming community and required a decent headset with microphone since it is for group gaming.  Now, I have speakers, I have headsets, I have noise cancelling headsets but nothing with a mic so I read the reviews and bought this set. From day one, I had difficulty connecting with discord, blizzard apps, skype, would take multiple tries for it to connect.  Now, when it worked, it worked great with perfect sounds, group could hear me without distortion and I loved it. But, I didnt buy this for the looks, or the headset sound, I bought it for the mic and 2 months of use and the microphone portion dies.  Past my return window for Amazon so I gave it to a quy walking past and now he has a great pair of speakers for his phone.
