They work great! He loves them!! I’d definitely recommend them!!
I really love these headphones, they are comfortable to wear, they are easy to set up and use with my PS4. I have worn out several other pairs but these are the best I’ve had. Quality of materials used seem better than other more expensive pairs
Bought these for my wife and she says her friends can hear her crystal clear and is happy with this purchase overall.
Im totally satisfied with this item. My son has zero complaints with this headset.
If you want good quality with spending over $200, dont look anymore
Boyfriend loves them for gaming and the rgb is a nice touch.
Across multiple PCs all settings carry over via Razer cloud, and work great for console as well.
One of the best we have purchased so far great sound
The sound quality and mic quality are good. Havent ran into any issues yet and the retractable mic is a plus
My son loves these headphones & has managed to keep them in good shape for longer than any others seem well built
The sound is great and quality in whole is superb.
The headset is fantastic and the sound range is the best I have found. It is very comfortable and sturdy. The software keeps cutting off surround sound and keeps crashing if you mess with it too much, but once it is set it is golden. I would recommend it to people for gaming. It doesnt have an incredible music or movie sound quality.
Good quality audio for a gaming headset. The mic is crisp, and I havent had any problems with the software. Youre paying for branding, though. Also tends a little sweaty/hot, but thats par the course for ear cups.
I bought both logitech g430 and this. I returned logitech. The sound quality of g430 is slightly better than this one. But the G430 is like a mini speaker and very uncomfortable(too tight), quality is not good either. This one very comfortable to wear. the sound is great for gaming, but due to lack of base, it might not be good for pop music. I love the RGB lightning. and overall quality. Take one star off for lacking of base.
Nicely built, 7.1 works great on my ps4 and mac. Recommended.
great headset, but will look into other brands because of its black and green theme.
The sound on these headphones are amazing. Clear. Quality sound. Unfortunately the mic sound wasnt the highest grade and my gamer friends said I sounded as if I was in a hole. I returned them.
I love the sound and most importantly the fit of the headphones. The only complaint I have it that there is not an individual volume control. Coming from Corsair headsets and giving the Razer ones a try, this is the most inconvenient item on the headset. While it does not affect the overall sound, sometimes you simply want to turn down the volume without alt tabbing out of your game to adjust the volume.
Surround sound works great and is very clear compared to its wireless counter part. Looks really good too. Cord coils very badly though.
I got it on sale at my local best buy, I was not in the market for gaming headphones but it was totally worth it, playing steam/ blizzard/ origin games are much more intense and intuitive with surround sound. It would be great to have volume control on the device.
The sound quality and the surround sound are pretty good and the mic is all right. It would be better if it had volume controls on the headset itself or the cord, but you have to use the windows volume settings for it.
This headset was decently priced. Nice surround 7.1. Only big complaint is that there is no physical mic mute/unmute button and physical volume controls.
The sound quality is pretty good and the surround sound effect is nice, but i wish it had some built in volume controls. I can adjust the computers volume with the function keys on my keyboard, but it would still be nice if there were some buttons on the headset itself or in the cable.
Great surround sound. Still trying to figure out how to change the colors.
If youre going to be using these primarily for PC stuff, then theyre really good. Volume tends to be louder, and makes audio mixing a pain. And if you use these on PS4 be warned. You will constantly be able to heard your own mic in the headphones, and theres no way to turn it off sadly. You can have it turned off on PC, just not PS4
I love this head set, great sound and the mic picks up well too. The lights are cool, but no one gets to enjoy them since no one will view my streams. The headset is light weight and comfortable for long gaming sessions, I would recommend this to anyone! Ive had mine for about 2 years and I am a daily gamer, if this pair broke I would buy another.
Bought this for my son and he loves it. He has the matching keyboard and mouse as well. I recommend this item.
Had them for 3 months now still work great. Sound is awesome.
My teenage son loved them!! He loves how they light up the most!
It is easy to believe that a run of the mill set of headphones is enough, for some maybe that is true. These are an investment, but the sound quality, the experience is so much better with a great set, you feel immersed in the action, music, movies, games? They all sound so great!! Absolutely in love!!
Bought these for gaming and they are amazing. Truly block all other noice! Love these!
Bought this headset on sale mainly to listen to my movies without disturbing my wife. Also thought they would work well for speech recognition apps. Sound if really good. Microphone is pretty good. Retractable mic boom with on/off switch at the end of the boom. Requires optimization with MS WIN 10 and Dragon 14 NSP speech recognition use.
Really good Surround Sound Gaming Headset. Great sound and feels good on your ears.
my son is crazy for all razer products as he really love the lights on his gaming gear.brought this as a addition for his set.
Great buy overall! Sound quality and mic quality are worth it!
Bought these for my son, he loves them says they are really comfortable on his ears and great when he is playing his games.
I bought these for my son. They have been durable and have good sound quality. The mic is average but works. You can customize the led lights.
Great product for a great deal we love how they perform and they are so comfortable
great headset, I love spending free time playing my games
Confortable and good gaming set for any level and age
My son loves this head phones. Sound is amazing...
Great sound and clear. Comfortable and easy to adjust.
This set fits great over my ears! The cushions surround the ears instead of pressing against them, which is perfect for extended use times. The sound is crisp. Unfortunately, I have not had an opportunity to use the microphone, so I have no opinion on that at this time.
They are good just dont use for ps4 or else mic wont really work
I had the Razer Kraken v1 for more than 3 years and I bought this one. Comparing with the previous version version, the v2 is more comfortable and the mic is better
This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it. The surround sound is great and it was exactly what he wanted and needed when he plays computer and online games
This headset is very convenient, loud and great for gaming.
The sound quality is good and they are comfortable to wear while gaming. The microphone is sensitive and you voice carries well over them.
Got this new headset for my husband and its great at cancelling out outside noise.
This headset not only matches great with other razer gear with chroma but the sound is fantastic. It truly is soundproof and i cant even hear when people next to me are talking in a normal voice.
My son loves it and he definitely can’t hear anything with them on
I thought it was just for razer fanboys, and, oh boy! am I a fanboy now!
Bought this as a headset for computer gaming. It is great quality as usual for Razer. Lots of features and great sound. Would highly recommend.
Great headset cant complain at all for the price. Its easy to use and has very convenient features.
When I put on the headphones my first thought was how much sound they block out. With them on, I cant hear my fish tank or air purifier except when at low volume and right next to said noisemaker.On the subject of volume, the speakers have a ton of volume to them, and sound really good to me. Comfortable listening on my MacBook (and yes they are plug and play there as well) was literally one bar from the bottom. All the way up, they almost match my MacBooks speakers (Jesus Christ they get loud) and when they do they still sound good.Razor Synapse is excellent, working on both my MacBook and my gaming desktop (which I bought these primarily for). LEDs on the side are a bit dim but perfectly adequate since you cant really see them anyway with them on.I suppose if I had to change anything, itd be the mic switch, or button. Its designed in a way that means its very easy to toggle it on when you pull out the mic. Its easy to turn off again, just slightly annoying.In all, solid headphones and definitely worth $80.
He likes it a lot and says that the sound quality is good and there’s lots of customization option where you can change the lights, surround sound, etc.
Amazing head set for PS4. Love it so much. Great sound and mic is so clear and crisp.
I bought this for my son for Christmas, and he loves it. The sound quality is excellent, and it is comfortable.
I’ve had the older version of these, but these are so much more comfortable! Decent Audi, microphone picks up well
Bought this for my son who’s a serious gamer. He had a similar item previously but it just broke over time with excessive wear and tear. This was a replacement item and he’s very happy. Decent quality and good sound.
This is a great headphones. It matches excellent with the other gear I buy. It’s wSy to hook up and sound and mic work well.
Bought these for my son for Christmas because he always has issues with other headphones. He loves these. Works great.
this is a excelent headphones for gaming or view movies
My teenager asked for a gaming headset for Christmas! This gift was a hit!
Razer kraken v2 are great headphone for PC gaming.
Great sound through the earphones and super clear speech when talking into the microphone. Definitely worth the $.
I use this both on my PS4 and PC and they sound amazing.Cancel noise well and mic is clear. The 7.1 Surround is an added bonus, great for movies and enemies creeping up behind you.
when I play counter strike each pomegranate I feel that I am more deaf, it is beautiful
These headphones exceeded my expectations, easy setup with great sound.
I love these headphones. They have great sound, they seem to be very high quality. But most important, they are very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time.
I’ve been using these on both a windows 10 computer and a Mac. Works great on both. Razer has software for both platforms to adjust the headphone setting.
I have no complaints about this headset. The sound quality is great. My online friends have noticed a huge difference when we are talking. It sits comfortably on my head. The retractable mic is convenient.
The sound on this is amazing! You really can hear details clearly vs other regular headsets.
This headset is everything I wanted it has great bass and has a every terrific mic
What made me buy 2 of these was when a coworker let me try his out and immediately I fell in love. I have all brands of headphones (Bose, Beats, Samsung) and these are awesome with Bass and blocking out my surroundings in the gym while working out.
This is my first set of Razers headset and I would definitely make another purchase of these headsets, but that wouldnt be necessary with an extended warranty that comes with their purchase.
Bought with half price during Black Friday. Best gaming headset Ive ever had.
This is my first gaming headset ever and this one has pretty great sound quality. It has a good bass so I recommend them even for music.
Great sound gaming ps4, I need 2 more for my family. Thanks best buy.
Like it. It sounds amazing. I would recommend it to a friend.
Owned it for years now, Cant hear outside noise. My 16 year old daughter uses and her voice is clear on mic. Very well made head set.
I have the pink ones and really enjoy them for playing fortnite. I decided to buy the black ones for my boyfriend. They are amazing.
I bought my headset for $50 on Black Friday and Im so glad I grabbed that deal because this is the best headset Ive ever owned! I used this to play fortnite and the surround sound is unreal, meanwhile everyone compliments how clear they can hear my voice. The comfortability I awesome because its plush foam texture and it just cups your ear. I recommend buying the oval cupped ones if your ears are on the larger side.
This is my first surround sound headset and I love them! I don’t know why I didn’t buy them sooner! Sound quality is amazing. I can hear everything! The headset is very comfortable. I use these on my pc and PS4, sadly these do NOT work with Xbox.
I feel that the sound is clear & headset comfortable.
Overall they are pricey, but got them on 50% off so they were a must get deal. Overall, the quality of headphones are great for gaming and mic is good (as per others have stated).
My nephew asked me to help him purchase it and hes very happy with it nowadays.
I bought this headset as it was on sale for 50$ but I feel like i at least spent 150$ based on the sound and quality. Best buy made the shipping quick and hassel free!
I love this headset for both gaming and music because the surround sound is great and the 50mm drivers deliver a amazing amount of bass
Got these on sale for $50 on Black Friday. Would be worth full price. Quality sound and a mic much better than the mod mic I was using. I play a lot of competitive games where hearing is important.
Razor has a very good headset. Amazing sound quality and good mic.
Great for gaming. High quality sound and cancels out background noise.
I only had to pay $49.99 for this headset which is an absolute steal for what you get. I would definitely recommend this headset for the price I paid for it. Im really glad I waited until Black Friday to purchase this headset. The deal started on Thursday (11/22) and ended on Monday (11/26) at midnight. The shipping said it would come on the 3rd of December, however I received it 6 days earlier which made me happy!Pros:-Great Bass (even allows you to enable bass boost using Razer Synapse software)-RGB Lighting on the sides, allows cycling, breathing, and static color-Big 50mm earcups!-Very comfortable headphones-Only requires USB cable to be plugged in (dont need to plug in any green or pink cables)-Retractable Microphone, comes in handy since I just use my Blue Snowball so I can easily hide the microphone-Headphones look very gamer-likeCons: -no physical mute button for the microphone-cant manually adjust the volume from the headset.-doesnt work on Xbox One (However I dont care much about this)
Love these headphones!!! Got them for a early Christmas and I’m in love!
This product is well-made, and it does an EXCELLENT job with my Magicjack phone system. The sound quality is great.
I know its a bold statement, but Ive had my hands on the Razer Thresher TE, the Kraken Pro TE, and the Razer Nari. And of all the headsets Ive tried, my Kraken 7.1 v2 is still the best Razer headset Ive owned that I purchased from Best Buy. Virtual surround 7.1 is still pretty good. The thing about THX Spatial Sound is that it is not yet perfected. THX spatial sound either makes a game sound great or sound muffled. But of all the headsets Ive mentioned in this review, the Kraken 7.1 v2 is technically the loudest (and has very deep sounding bass). Unless you have a dedicated sound card on your PC (in that case, get the Razer Tiamat which is True 7.1 Surround), Id say this is the best headset you can get to go hand in hand with your gaming experience.
Last pair ear cup came apart needed a new one for gaming
Really enjoy this headset. Sounds great and feels great on my head and I have a big head. The only complaint is the cord gets wrapped around itself too easily
Bought these for my son and he seems to like them.
Love the headset, it works great with my computer. I would recommend it to all my friends
Overall these are really well made, easy to use, comfortable, and sound incredible. The pop out mic is really good but can be a bit distracting when muted due to an LED on the end.
They are very comfortable and light. The surround sound is clear and directional. Really good buy.
Very happy with purchasing online and picking up the same day at my local store. Very nice design and build quality.
Amazing headset highly recommended. I’ve had turtle beach in the past but this one blows them all away.
This headset is great - USB connection works well to provide advanced surround sound features. Its also very comfortable to wear for extended periods of timeThis is Mac compatible - however if youve got a new Mac with USB C youll need an adapter!
I bought this headset for my nephew to use on his PS4. He had a pair of turtle beach base model prior to these. I purchased them for $50. The price was great, the sound is great and he loves them. If you find them at this price, get them. You wont be disappointed.
They are very good headphones and are also good with noise cancelling
My sons gaming headset broke, so we went and got this one. He says its better than the last and he is very happy~ great volume to hear really well. I cant say a word without his friends hearing me.
First USB headset and love it! Have no problems with comfort over long gaming periods and the audio quality is great! Only thing is the mic part is a little hard to press and makes a bunch of noise trying to mute it.
at the beginning i had my doubts about this headset but i must say the comfort is great ,build quality and sound customization us a plus
It is a great product. I recommend you to consider.
Awesome gaming headset. I use this for my PC. Sounds great and mic is good as well.
Excellent features, detractable and mutable mic is perfect. good sound. not problems with mic at all. comfortable to use for many hours, not too heavy or tight. Im no audiophile so I dont know about the quality of the 7.1 audio but it overall sounds good, directional audio works for FPSs etc. It also looks nice.
was a gift for my grandson he loves this brand.he says its the best.
This was a gift and they told me they work real good
Excellent sound and communication.I can chat with all my gaming friends
Bought this for my son as he is an avid gamer. He loves it. Clear crisp sound from both speakers and mic. Rgb bling is a nice touch. Thinking of picking me up a set once I catch them on sale again
Headset has great sound and is very easy to get up. 7.1 sound is really great in game. Would be better if they had volume control on the cord but great in every other aspect,
Perfect headset. Comfortable. Noise cancelling. Glows too.
Im with this headset for almost 2 years and it doesnt gave me any type of problem. Excelent sound system. I will for sure buy more razers products
I got these to use in competitive PC gaming and was blown away with the quality. The Kraken 7.2s are well liked in the Profession E-Sport Community.
It’s very comfortable, great sound quality. It’s a must have.
Much more solid and built better than the 5.1. Metal earphone band very comfortable and unbreakable. Great 7.1 sound, has me turning my head and looking around. Buy it!
Great headset great priceEasy to plug in and play and razer has great customization
I am really impressed with these headphones. Great sound and fits awesome
Excellent sound quality, excellent mic response, comfortable to wear. Built with beefy metal components. Should last a long time.
High Quality headset. Microphone works well. Long cord reaches good distance.
Bought as gift to upgrade. Good sound, comfortable.
I personally love Razer products and this gaming headset has been added to my favorite inventory. It has great sound quality and real comfortable ear cushion that perfectly cover my ears. The mic is also extandable and retractable with mute/unmute button on the mic itself. Totally liked it!!!
Love Razer products. Noise cancelling, good mic, is jack or usb supported
this is good i got it for my gaming computer and it work nice
My nephew loves them! He says they are very clear!
The Best headset for Gaming and for watch move with your 7.1 wired surround
Works great as advertised. Satisfied. Would purchase again.
The oval design makes wearing the headset for longer easier on my head and feels light on my skull.
Borrowed these from my teenager and was pleasantly surprised on how the sound and clarity was and I also used it to do recording since I could not find my microphone. The voice overs came out great! Would recommend them.
Works great! I use It for my asus gaming computer.
extremely comfortable. the pads around the ear are super soft and the headphones dont squeeze my head. great for long game sessions. the sound quality isnt the best straight out of the box but if you change the settings in Razer Synapse they sound amazing.
good sound and no noise, very comfortable and recommend.
fits well. easy adjustments. Great style. and look. fair price
Theyre perfect for the price range. Microphone picks up a further distance than Id prefer but the sound is good so no complaints.
I have always been a fan of Turtle Beach headsets for gaming, but let me tell you; these blow away the competition. The sound is incredible, the fit and feel is awesome and the look is very stylish. I would recommend these over any i have tried in the past. I mainly use these for PUBG and i can hear everything in game with precision.
My son shares with me that he is very happy with this headset and microphone. It is crystal clear and definitely meets his gaming needs.
The head phones block out need noise around but you can have the volume down where someone can get your attention.
Sound quality is great. Really comfortable. Would get them again.
Nice sound, looks good! These are keepers! I recommend
Bought it for son to connect with his computer. He loves it!
I have to say this set of headphones is amazing!!!!
I bought this for my son and the sound is amazing. Once you put them on is very hard the hear if someone is talking to you.
First 7.1 surround sound headset for PC. I cant believe I didnt do this sooner.
As a newbie to the gaming world these headphones are great!! Downloading the needed synapse software was simple and I am playing Warcraft as we speak!!!
These are great overall headphones for someone looking for good musk Listening or for gaming with friends. They were easy to set up. Basically plug and play. They have awesome7.1 surround capability. I can here everything around me while In game. They also have good microphone quality.
I love this headset. They sound amazing and comfy!
nice style. Great sound. the noise cancellation is a great feature.
WOULD BUY AGAIN! EXCELLENT SOUND AND MICROPHONE PICKUP!
Had decent headsets before, these seem fairly well for the price it received them for. However if you can afford it, buy the most recent version of the kraken. These are simi out of date.
Super comfortable, great sound quality, dont ever have to worry about battery life and  the RBG logo is a nice touch. Literally only gripe is the feedback on the microphone, I hate that I can hear myself when gaming on my PS4. If had it installed on a driver of my laptop may be able to fix but searched online and you cannot. Super  annoying sometimes but its just such a great headset otherwise that I havent returned it.
Great headset for getting started on PC gaming or using for compatible console. The cord is a little short and while braided it doesnt feel like its durable. Have had to do 2 geek squad swaps on these. Recommend buying the coverage for something like this. Also recommend the Astro A40s
I got these headphones on sale if they werent on sale I would have definitely not bought this. Once I got them I was really surprised that they good very good quality with a very long cable (which I needed).
Bought this for my son a few weeks ago and my son loves them.
A great headset. Good sound quality, comfortable over time wear, and the chroma is a nice touch. The only reason I did not give it a 5 is because it does not have volume adjustment on the headset itself.
Love these perfect for gaming and not too heavy on
...with a little tweaking on the base, they are starting to grow on me!
Comfortable with awesome sound quality, feel like I am in the game
Got this on sale love it works with ps4 just fine. Sounds amazing. Didnt notice it was a usb... just still works fine feels kind of attached.
My son liked it at first but after a long use it has seem to fallen apart. The price is right but spend a little more to maybe get Logitech or Astro
Razer Synapse lets you tweak the sound to what youd prefer. I personally use the "Techno" preset.
It was a very good headset. Sounds great with games but doesnt sound great with music. The microphone was also great! I love how they made the hiding spot of it. I prefer detachable wires tho.
Really comfortable cushion, good sound quality, and good mic quality. Occasional static noise from headset...just slightly irritating.
I bought these as a gift for my brother. I had used the previous version a few years back and hated them. This time around, Razer knocked it out of the park. These are super comfortable and sound great. The retractable mic is the only downside. It sounds great but it likes to move on its own until its out of adjustment.
Son likes them. They work good. Price was good. They feel good
I got this for my son to play his games on his gaming PC. But I liked that he can use this on his Xbox One and PS4 too. For the Black Friday price $45, I couldnt of ask for better.
Bought this for my son, we never see him when he comes home from school.
I DIDNT LOOK AT WAS BUYING. I NEEDED A HEADSET FOR XBOX AND THESE WILL NOT WORK. IM SURE THEY ARE GREAT HEADPHONES THOUGH BUT I NEVER GOT AROUND TO USING THEM
Thanks to the greatness of Black Friday, I was able to acquire this headset for $50, plus five bucks for the geek squad warranty as it seems that every set of headphones that I have ever owned eventually succumb to the toil of playing sound and eventually refuse to do so. Therefore, it would appear to be a good investment, anyhow, to the task at hand. I like this headset. Im not a gamer perse, I use the headset for flight simulation, to speak to the tower and such. I also use it for the general tasks of Netflix, Youtube, and to play music. It works great for all those things. I especially love the nifty way in which the microphone tucks right into the headphone itself, making the headset look less like a gaming headset, the all-black look really helps in this respect. Plus, the Razer branding is minimal, the snake logo lights up in any color you wish, but I havent played with that yet as the default colors (alternating shades of green) seem perfect. The unit connects to the computer or gaming console via a USB cable, its the braided type, seems good enough. The headset is a tad heavy on the head but its not bad. Its metal and feels sturdy, I prefer it to the cheap lightweight plastic ones. Now onto the negatives. First, the cable is a bit too short. I enjoy having enough length to move around my room without having to take off my headset everytime I want to open a window. Yeah, I could go wireless, but why? It feels wrong to have signals jammed so close to my mainframe for hours on end. Ill just end up buying a USB extension to solve this problem. Second, the cable is not only short, but it lacks any volume control or mic mute control. A volume control would help because these headphones can get very loud, which is a plus. I love that these headphones give me the ability to fry my ears if I want to, I hate when you get a pair of headphones, crank the volume up, and you go, is that all? Lol...not with these, big plus. But alas, it will require you to control the volume often, I cant really play these at 100% as I often do with other headsets. Lastly, the mic is on the left side, as it should be, but the dang cable also comes out of the left side, and unless your computer is also on the left side of your desk, youll have the cable going across your lap which is cumbersome. But what do I know, maybe most people do in fact place their computers on the left side of the desk. Regardless, this is a great gaming set, would totally recommend it, especially at the price point of $50-$75 dollars. Good stuff.
Bought this a while ago and I absolutely love it!!
The kid loves these bought them for him and it got so much quieter he keeps them on head all day lolzzz
This product works good for PC gaming I recommend this product
Very good headphone and very good sounds and quality is very good!
Husband loved these headphones. Great for computer gaming and canceling out two noisy kids!
I like that I can put the microphone away when im just using it as a headset
These headphones are absoutely amazing. They work very well and have improved my gaming experience dramatically. The surround sound works well, and I havent found any issues so far.
Perfect ! Bass sound is very very good ! Beautiful and good price !
Bought for 12yr old son for Christmas. Replacing ols2r turtlebeach headset. Plug amd play no issues. He tells me he can hear more sounds than he did on the old headphones. The mic boom can extend and retract.
Love these headphones. Work perfect for playing games on my PC. My kids borrow them sometimes to use on their PlayStation too.
I have owned a lot of different "gaming" headphones and in my opinion, this are the best ones yet. Comfortable (w/ the oval ear pads), easy to set-up and durable. You will not go wrong buying these...seriously!!
So far, these are great headphones. I find them to be lightweight and very comfortable to wear. The surround sound works well out of the box but calibrating it using the Synapse software makes it even better.
My son enjoys using the new headset. It has great quality and pairs up well for the wireless connection. Comfortable fit as well.
Needed a new headset for my gaming PC and got this one on sale, great sound, great comfort, just a good all around headset for my needs.
This headset displays quality through sound and quality components.
Just what I needed. All around the best. Would purchase again,
it really a great head set for gaming for hard core or just noobs
My son looks super high tech with these color changing headphones. He loves them!
These headphones have great sound quality that is perfect for gaming.
I think this is the best set of headphones Ive ever used!!
The Razer headphones are really good. The build quality and the looks are amazing, however the sound and mic isnt as good as hyper X2. I like the RGB on each cans of the headset.
I bought this headset about 2 years ago and in works like it came just out of the box still and super comfortable!!
Its been seven months since I got this headset and I love it so much I sleep in it.
I think this was a very great product especially the price. I switched from the Astro A50s 1st Gen which were 5.1 and this is a great step up in quality. I also own Razer keyboard and mice and I like the quality of the products (keyboard has a USB port on the left side so that solves shortness of cord), although they are still very expensive. The only thing I wish was different was the material in the cups on the ears. The plastic kinda sticks to the skin but still comfortable for long periods of time. In the future Ill probably get this again.
The headset sounds great but does require an adapter for use with an Xbox one controller
wonderful product,love our shopping experience,everyone is very helpful
Good quality on wireless headphones is great and would recommend
Very comfortable for long periods of gaming. Would recommend them to my friends.
I bought these to replace a nice set of bose speakers surprisingly the sound much better kind of a great deal for the price
Clarity is superb. I recommend for the price value.
The Audio quality is amazing, I use it in conjunction with Razer surround sound so i feel like I am in the midst of the action. They are super comfortable. I can binge play on my days off and wear them for 8 hours without them hurting. Voice quality is clear as well. Very happy overall with my purchase.
I teach virtual classes online and get through a new audio conferencing type headset every 6 months as they are typically flimsy and generally uncomfortable to wear 8 hours a day.When my last one broke I thought I’d spend a little more and try a gamer headset, they are designed to be punished by teenagers.... so I’ll try.Have had mine a while, are so comfortable I forget I’m wearing them at times, the quality is high, and so far show no signs of wearing out.
My son loves this headset! He is an avid gamer and reports that the sounds is excellent, loves the surround sound and also loves the little features that make it fun - such as being able to change the light color on the headset which he couldn’t do in an earlier version of this product. So far we have no complaints. These seem to be made of durable materials, I get the impression they will last.
This is my second pair and they have really improved the wear comfort. Sound is wonderful in gaming
I have 2 pair of Razers, I use one for work and I gave one to my grandchild to use with his games. I would definitely recommend them, I love them and do not think I would ever go back another brand.
After a previous headset from a different manufacturer broke, I wanted to make certain that this time the headset wasnt going to fall apart. I took the sample model and really make sure that the metal piece connecting the two earpieces wasnt too flimsy or thin, and I listened to it enough to decide that if you cranked up the treble a bit the sound for music wasnt half bad.Razer is known for their quality equipment, and this seems to be no execption. I have friends who use their mice (my own mouse is Steel Series and that works well too), and they swear by their keyboards. After this purchase, Im inclined to test out one of their keyboards as well.Now, dont expect $300 headset sound out of this particular Razer model, its not at that level. Still, the sound is much better than you might think. The real cheap Razers I listened to didnt impress me, but this must be above that vague and mysterious price point cutoff where once you go past a certain price point the sound quality on these headsets shoot up considerably.I got these on sale, and theyre a steal at ~$80. Heres to hoping they last several years.
Purchased for my son. He is a huge online gamer and he says that these provide great sound quality. He prefers the wired as there is no charging necessary.
These headphones seemed to be a big step up from my Afterglow AG9’s. The bass sounds incredible, and the synapse software is incredibly easy to use!
I absolutely love my headset. Super easy to set up and select color settings, quality for sound and microphone is phenomenal. The noise cancellation is on a new level compared to other headsets I’ve bought. And experiencing things like League in surround sound is interesting to say the least.
Perfect for gaming. It is extremely comfortable and I bought it on Black Friday for an excellent price.
like it. I would recommend this for all gamers. Colors are cool.
The product is of a good quality, a little over-priced, but not bad!
My son is a gamer a really enjoys them, provides good sound system.
This headphones both sound amazing but also seem to even cancel out background notice. I can’t even hear my mouse clicking when I wear them, which is perfect for game immersion. Very comfortable, adjustable, and sleek. Can’t do anything with the Chroma but it still looks good going through all of the colors.
This headset works great for gaming & content consumption. With the 7.1 surround I can pinpoint where sound is coming from almost immediately.
Very well put together. No cheap plastic parts. Fits great, very comfy even when worn for a long time.
Works great! It works exactly as described and would definitely recommend!
These were a present for my wifes birthday, as shed been borrowing my Logitech G633s for a while now, whenever she needed a good set for online multiplayer gaming. These Krakens seemed as good, or better, and she found them more comfortable for extended wear. I tried them out, and have to agree to disagree, lol. Still, she is delighted with them, and says they are the best shes ever had. Happy wife, happy life, yay Kraken!
Good affordable gaming headphones. My son has been pleased without breaking the bank.
these new Razer headphones are great, so sharp in detail, the acoustic background is top quality
Very comfortable when I wear glasses and the overall Bass is great for gameplay. Very good for a $100 headset. The RGB lighting is a plus but didnt care much about it.
Okay so I was in the market for a gaming headset... I heard great things..i will say these are great headphones...extremely easy setup via pc for surround sound. A+
My 13yo son just loves his headset. I don’t know how he has gone without one for so long. He plays on his computer more than he should. He has nothing but great things to say about the headset.
I’ve owned many gaming headsets but this Razer surpasses them all. Very comfortable for long term use.
Sound quality is 8/10, good bass. Great mic too!!!
I am a regular Razer customer but these headphones are the first time Ive purchased any sound hardware from them. They sound great and the microphone is accurate. I really like them!
This headset is so comfortable and has amazing sound! Would buy again!
Picked these up for my new gaming PC. Good sound and the mic does not have to be extended to be heard. I do wish the cord was a few feet longer but other than that, they seem great.
I bought this headset since my other ones went missing, and so happy for the upgrade. The surround-sound is fantastic.
Great headset for gaming, my son chose this over others.
They are so comfortable. Sound is almost like your right there in the game the mic is mutable and does not get in the way.
This headset was pretty decent for the price. I like how the chroma lighting could be controlled by the software, and other adjustments could be made through that software; such as mic volume, noise cancellation, etc. My only complaint is that I wish there was a mic mute button somewhere on the cord of the physical headset.
Bought this for my daughter, who has the ability to trash headsets if they arent made very well... she loves its comfort... and doesnt think think of it as cheap... in other words it rocks.
My grandson is hard on gaming equipment. Hoping this holds up better than the rest.
Son loves his gaming headset...goes well with all we purchased
I know the commercial says “it feels like you’re not wearing them” but I actually forgot I had them on. They are so comfortable and the ear and head cushions are so soft and the surround sound is great!
I will always buy Razer Kraken headphones with mic from now on. Have 2 pair now and they work great not only for regular computing but gaming as well. Noise cancelling is great.
I have 2 pair of these and both users are pleased with performance
So I originally walked in Best Buy to buy some Wireless Headset. This is the reason why I didnt get it a 5 Star which is because it has a Wire. I have a Razer Keyboard and Mouse already so I decided to keep that going and buy a Razer Headset. I am not a big fan of Wired headsets just because the wire coming across my room. These actually made me change my mind once I had it all set up. The sound is great and the bass is noticeable. The mic is very good as far as using them for Streaming and Voice Chatting. I cant really complain. Try them out. Youll understand why I didnt return them.
The headset has been very reliable, paired with the software they recommend it’s amazing, coming from Razer which makes very good, quality products. The aspect of Chroma looks very cool as well.
I either own or tried every major headset out there including a studio headphone + mixer mic setup. These Razer Kraken 7.1 V2 are very comfortable and are a great mix between sound quality and mic quality. Out of the box they dont sound all that great but mess with the EQ settings and they really start to shine. The mic sounds great and gives a whole lot of control over the settings, its amazing what they can do with that little mic. Itll pick up plosives and is a little sensitive to sibilance but it isnt terrible. For me I have a hard time wearing headphones, I tend to speak really loud, so I need to have sidetones. With sidetones on I dont hear any background hissing which no other headphone Ive been able to find (other than using a dedicated mic + mixer) can do. As far as comfort, they are very comfortable. Ive used them up to 5 at one sitting and I didnt have any clamping pressure and didnt have any sweat on the ear cups when I took them off. They seem very durable but only time will tell. Things I wish they could change would be the location of the the mic mute switch (you always hear when you mute it), and add in a 3.5mm audio cable so you can listen to it with other devises and make the USB cord removable (like what every other headset company is doing).
