These are nice for the price, but our son ended up upgrading within a few months.
Decent product, not bad, not good. I would recommend this for others, but personally not for me.
I only can use this headphone for 30 minutes. Because It is heavy.
Has a bad echo even after tuning the Mic down on my ps4
nice Gaming Headset, great sound, comfortable, but the online shipping is very poor and very slow.
They were ok.. We upgraded after two months. Great product for the price.
The sound quality was very good but the software to use was annoying at first. The wire for the headset was also unlike anything I ever saw and ripped after about a month of use, thankfully I got the protection or I would be using money out of my pocket
The krakens are really tight and they really don’t adjust well as I would want them to I don’t use them very much but they do have good sound quality
Im a Razer fangirl, I know this and its caused me to make some purchases in the past that Ive come to regret... this being one of them. The sound quality is great (when you can get the surround to work), the Chroma feature is also great (when it works), the mic however has never worked well, so I just keep it muted. As of today, Synapse doesnt recognize the headphones, the surround sound doesnt work and the Chroma lights are dead. All in all, they have great products... if you dont mind replacing them once the 1 year warranty expires. Im very careful with my gaming and streaming gear, Im not rough with my peripherals, yet without fail, they start dying within a month of their warranty. This will be my last Razer fangirl purchase. After 11 years of being a faithful customer, I will no longer buy their products. I love them, but hate replacing them every year.
Sounds quality was good and the headphones were comfortable, but the microphone broke within 6 months. Replaced under warranty, second pair did the same thing.
Unable to take advantage of all features when using with ps4. Look elsewhere.
The one thing I do like about this headset was the mic compared to other headset mics. Other than that, the rest is typical gaming headset affair.
This was a service plan replacement for a set bought 1.5 years ago. This is the third set of Razer headphones Ive owned (for my 2 gamer boys) and they all failed within 2 years. Usage was normal, not abusive. Buy the service plan so you can get a replacement from BestBuy when they die. The sound quality and comfort are great.
The over ear cups are comfortable to wear. Occasional popping sounds are annoying. Surround software gives a good feel to games and music. O.K. for the price but not over the top amazing.
Bought these headphones for my son. He likes the comfort fit & mic quality. The only negative is the cord connecting the computer to the headphones always gets twisted and tangled. Cord should be longer too.
Im on my second pair of these headphones in less than a two week period of time and I have to say Im very disappointed. My first pair had some extremely annoying rattling going on in the right speaker - they were unusable.My second pair has terrible cable noise which is constantly audible in the left speaker; Ive never experienced this before with headphones... If I turn my head the noise is just loud and grating. If I breathe and the cable just slightly rubs against something I can hear it; its maddening. This one thing has rendered these completely unusable for me.Sound quality wise they arent very good out of the box - you have to tweak them a bit via the EQ; once youve adjusted them, they are decent. The microphone appears to be good and I like that the mic is retractable because then its not lingering in my field of vision.Comfort wise - yeah, these things are really comfortable.
I did like the quality of them but as of tonight they have died. The only light on is the Mic light when plugged in. They also cut out sound wise and lost power even a couple seconds of plugging them back in. Also Support is non existent as the form for support ends in errors. I will probably get something better or if they can fix or replace them Ill give them a shot. Ive had these since February and its beginning of July now. Lasted less than 6 Months.
Having the mulit speakers is great for sound. the issue is not enough power is delivered to them. I just want to be able to turn it up just a bit more when gaming and they are just a couple of bars below for 5 stars.
Worked fantastic for the first week, then I pulled the mic out to play some CS one night and no one could hear me, messed around with some settings, and slowly, one after the other, programs stopped recognizing the mic as a usable device. Audacity, all games in my steam library, Skype, Discord, everything, it just stopped working. The sound is great, headset itself is very comfortable, audio quality is fantastic, but apparently the microphone just sucks. Not worth $100.
