Great price
This is a great gaming headphone to use when playing online games or just listening to music.  I use these when I play multiplayer games with my friends and its really easy to use and convenient.  Theyre not too expensive and are really comfortable to use for hours on end.  great purchase and would recommend.
Sound great!
Very good
Great overall headphones. Mic sounds great and is easily retractable. Ears and head are comfortable and dont start to hurt after long periods of time.
Bought for grandsons, 11 & 13.Major gamers.  Their old head set had broken and the boys and I did research.  These headphones live up to their description.  Boys said great quality especially at this price point.  Boys do a lot of Fortnite, Black Ops 3&4, GTA, etc.  They said it picked up key noises they were missing before.  They think this headset enhanced the game and aided in improved wins (dubs)  They arrived on time.
He loved em
Durability got a 4 Star since itll take time to adjust to how its treated and therefore reduce its lifetime. Had the regular, heavier unit before.  Like the isolated outside sound. Absolutely blocks everything!  
Son loves it
This set of headphones works incredibly well and feels great on my head. The headset does not block sound out very well but for me that works perfectly! I am incredibly pleased with this purchase
These have a great sound and are very comfortable for long periods. I recommend these!
Razer products are truly the flagship product for gamers, unfortunately for all of us gamer, popularity bring price for quality, but boy are they worth it. When using the headset it feels like butter on my ears (strange analogy I know, but wow are they comfy).
Excellent sound quality the mic is really good
Great headset
by far the comfiest headset ive ever had, great mic and sound quality, good material and over pretty inexpensive. great headset
You wont even hear your own stomach asking for food with these amazing headsets, you wont even hear your own thoughts. Excellent colors and super comfortable. Cant stop buying.
The sound flipped but i reset my controller amd it was fine
He loves this headset.  Good audio.. Especially likes the extra long cord.  Great gift for him .
These headphones are absolutely amazing. Sound great and very comfortable.
Bought this to replace the stock Microsoft headset on Xbox One X and Im very happy with it. It has great sound quality, and is comfortable to wear over long periods of time.
It is perfect everyone that I play with can hear me clearly
Bought these for my son who is really hard on headsets they have held up great so far and he really likes them
Bought two for kids gaming to switch between PC and Xbox 1s, no fusing with the USB hookup on other headphones, these are simple and effective, work well
Son loves them
Bought this for grandsons Christmas. He is very pleased with product.
I would definitely  recommend this headset for anyone looking to chat online during gaming sessions. The mic is great, and retractable, the headset comes with a large extension cord which is very convenient as I switch between my speakers and headset frequently.
Well built pair of headphones. Had to adjust my settings a little for the audio to sound the best. Theyre very comfortable to wear.
Sound great for the price.
Very good mic. Good Sound Quality. Just don’t have the audio too loud or you won’t be able to hear anyone in the house calling you. Haha.
Awesome set up. Have been using for a couple weeks now. They are not great looking, and they are pretty bulky, but aside from looks, theyre super comfortable (10x more than my turtle beach.) They sound awesome. Braided cord is durable. Love this headset! Quality of a $150-$200 headset. Best $50 I ever spent.
Great headphones for the price. We purchased for my son to use with his Xbox after his old headphones broke.  My husband did his research as we didn’t want to spend hundreds of dollars on headphones, but wanted a set that was of good quality. After reading the reviews these are what we got. When they arrived they worked great, my son said even better than what he had before. They feel good on his head, there is no echoing and the sound quality is great.
Great headset But no 7.1
My son got these for Christmas and loves them! He’s already put them to good use.
Much better than the kraken, the metal is much better, hopefully wont break in the next few years. They sound nice, not the best sounding headohones but pretty good, and the mic quality is good. Theyre a bit tight on the head so Im going to see if I can stretch them out a bit because it becomes painful when wearing them for a prolonged period of time.
I bought these as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend who is a streamer. He loves them a lot! These work extremely well for the price. The coolest thing about them (in my opinion) is that they blend in with his green screen so they always have a different skin.
My son loves them. He was so excited when he opened them.
Absolutely love the vibrant green, wasnt to impressed with the volume, maybe thats had to do with the controler adapter. All in all another great product from razer but this time without the price tag!
By far a good buy. These headphones block out sound around you perfectly. Sound doesnt escape to where other people can hear you blasting music. Retractable mic is also nice seeing as i never truly need to pull it out. People can hear me perfectly.
Ok
Very satisfied with this purchase. Their not joking about noise cancelling haha.
Been wearing for hundreds of hours since I bought them for almost everything from games, to phone calls, to music. Seems to have great quality and picks up sound well for talking to others. No problems at all so far.
Anytime a headset lasts a year and is still going strong...you have to let others know. Good price, sounds great, mic works nicely, and we are very happy with this purchase . Getting ready to buy a newer model for myself.
Great headset for COD
exactly as described.
The best money can buy for $75! Highly recommended!
Great headset, sounds are crisp. Mic is of good quality. Frame is extremely sturdy. Great investment for any gamer.
A mi hijo le encanto, lo usa para jugar online desde su PC, buen sonido, comodos y excelente precio.
Great product for gaming
I Bought these headphones when they were on sale last week and I have to say that I did not waste my money. These headphones have amazing quality and sound. I would definitely recommend getting the Razer Synapse program on your pc. Because this is a "Pro" Razer product you can get surround sound pro for the Razer program. I would like to say how awesome that surround sound on these headphones are. I was watching a video the other day and I heard knocking in the video and I though it was my own front door. If I had any complaints, it would be that when sound starts and after sound is done playing one the headphones there is a very slight barely noticeable background noise in the headphones. This is adjustable in Razer Synapse, however.
One of the best headphone Ive used in a while
Good frame good strong sound be careful with 3.5 mm jack just like on everything else they can be a little iffy as long as its taken care well there should be no problems with this gorgeous headset.
Bought this IRL from Best Buy 3 years ago in July 2015 and over 3 and a half years later they still work like a charm. Although at the time i Payed $99 dollars for mine. Really good product.
Fantastic product, it works and sounds perfect. Also, it’s surprisingly sound proof (mostly).
Do not purchase these if you are not a gamer.
They cancel noise perfectly (enough to where I dont hear my girlfriend and game in peace). I can hear enemies from miles away and get them before they get me. And these are so comfy that you forget you are wearing them.
I have tried endlessly to get the mic working (including the hacks online) but i am unable to get it to respond. Headphones have amazing sound quality.
Great sound
By far the best head set I have purchased. I have tried many other brands and this set is by far the best quality.
I own an Xbox One X and it works and sounds great! Product also came in great condition and quality. Highly recommend.
id dab with it
My son uses them daily. They are made of good quality and the sound is great.
even better than i expected
My son loves these. He says the sound is amazing !!
Good product, well worth it
They pick up a lot of wind noise. If you dont have a fan theyre all good
good price, the headphone has got a good quailty mic and overall its great
the best gaming headphones. Thank you!
I will buy them again.
It was fantastic.
Im really happy with this product. It was everything that I was expecting for the price and more. It feels durable, well constructed and the sound is good also. The only thing I can complain about is the fixed cable, it would be nice to have the option of a detachable cable just in case of an accident or bad looking over time.
Good quality
Very clear sound and amazingly comfortable. The mic works well, maybe a little too well as it picks up background noise, but you could adjust your microphone level to adjust for it.
I really like this headset. I had the first model and then updated/upgraded and so happy I did. It really is noise canceling and my wife hates it because I never hear her calling me lol the mic is good too. It picks up sound really well. Depending on what you’re looking for, I think these are a good set either way.
Ive gone through several different types of headsets, but these are easily my favorite. Super comfortable and the quality is amazing. Definitely worth the money.
Comfortable with perfect sound. What else can you ask for?
I owned am older Kraken, so this review is mostly comparing it to that one. This headset is very nice; however, the plastic on this one seems a bit cheaper than the old one. It comes with a braided cord with volume control,  which is a step up from the previous one. (The cord is actually the reason I had to replace the old one, it wore out after 10 years.) Overall,  I love this headset,  sound quality is the same Ive come to know from the previous headset. The only reason this doesnt get 5 stars is that Im worried the weaker plastic wont hold up as well over the years.
Love this headset amazing for the cost but be aware the braded cable is kinda cheap and one section wore of after my bird chewed on it for about 15 mins. Then again it has multiple layers so the cable is protected and it still works perfectly fine
Its very convenient, I can play and communicate with my friends.
Awesome.
Very good as expected
Ive wanted these forever. They are super comfortable, even with my glasses. Only thing Im trying to troubleshoot is when Im talking to someone, they can hear everything I hear (themselves, my music, computer system sounds). Currently trying to figure out if its headphone related or something else...still a work in progress.
Dope gear. Love the style and sound. Use it for more than just games. Honest brand too. Found my gear provider.
I bought these for my son. They fit comfortably over his ears. I thought they were wireless. My fault for not reading the description fully. Nice bright green color and the chord is very long.
Fantastic sound, build quality and features! These have it all. Even that stupid Pewdipie uses a pair. I love them and use them daily. My son also loves them and wants his own pair.
Comfortable, doesn’t look half bad, and the sound is good. Haven’t had it too long, so I can’t speak for its longevity, but for now it’s still great.
Best headset ever
works great.  just as described.  I love it.
These headphones are supper comfortable. I can wear them for hours without getting tired of them.
Amazing headphones. The sound is great and they fit full over my ear. What other reviewers were talking about with the volume spin wheel is correct though, you wont even realize youve bumped it and your sound is suddenly gone or SUPER loud. But that  can be fixed with a piece of tape if youre so inclined!
Amazing headphones. Comfortable for long gaming sessions
I use these nightly playing COD WW2 and you can hear everything and anything from people sneaking up on you tonfar away blasts. Comfortable for hours upon hours of gameplay.
Comfortable and works well.  Clear sound, and the retractable mic is awesome.  We have had ones with detachable mics, and they were frequently misplaced. This solves that problem.  Quality product that I believe will last a long time.
I love this headset when i play alone its amazing i can hear foot steps loudly and everything however theres one thing i do not like about it i figured this out while playing with some buddies but i joined a party to talk with some buddies amd they said they could hear themselves when i tried to adjust it lower they could still hear it this has happened in multiple partys other then that u love these headphones outstanding but theres no sound proofing so but overall good headphones
These are by far the best budget gaming headphones that you can get todays market. I could put 5 stars and leave it just as that however, due to me being a gamer I have to say that sound is good but the one thing I find annoying is the little volume wheel it has on the cord. I tend to accidently lower the volume while playing. Sound is very impressive, I can compare the sound the same as other brands like turtle beaches XO seven pro. What makes the sound quality even better for me is that I have the super human hearing adapter and its stupendous! Enough with that im here to review these KRAKEN PRO V2 Sound: 9/10 Build/Quality: 8/10 Comfort: 10/10 (I wear glasses and I got the oval shape headphones) What I personally like about this particular headset is the retractable Mic it has and the comfortable duration of has when i go hours of gaming. If only they added a better build quality such as giving it an aluminum frame to support the adjusting levels so that way it would prevent from breaking. To end this review I say if youre an average gamer like me and dont want to drop a handful of cash, then these headsets are for you! 
I really love almost everything about this headset. The cushions are very comfortable, the look is very stylish, the retractable mic is very nice, and the sound quality is much better than previous headsets Ive owned. My only complaint is the volume wheel is very sensitive. It could rub against my shirt and turn the volume all the way up or all the way down. Other than that its a pretty good headset.
My brother hardly gets off of his game system since I got these for him, so Im assuming he loves them.
Just awesome
They are great, i dont use the mic but for audio quality i think there great! Plus the bright green headphones look great in my YouTube videos
These headphones are amazing! Would recommend to anyone that love good quality headphones that will emerse you into the world of gaming. These headphones have incredible bass and have a clean sounds. I gave 2 stars for noise cancellation because they’re open back so when you put them on you can talk to your bud Fred and you can everything he is saying. However, if if you have the volume all the way on and are jamming to music you cant really hear any outside noise, but those around you can. (Open back headphones are better quality than noise cancellation) I really enjoy the fact that you can adjust the volume on the mic, and adjust when someone talks. Overall 10/10 would recommend!
I like it
Superb..
Exactly what I needed. Great noise cancellation!
Good directional sound quality
So far so good
Great Product but it is a little tight. Maybe after wearing it  for a while it will loosen up.
Awesome mic great quality
I bought these for my computer and they are the best
Very nice for the price
Usually a turtle Beach guy but saw this in sale and the surround sound is better and the titanium instead of plastic head piece makes me know it wont break.
I bought these headphones for my boyfriend because the sound coming off his games were starting to annoy me. These were a great purchase, and I can no longer hear his gaming anymore. He also loves how well these sound. Win win for everyone!
My son said these are the best ones he has owned. He loves the color and the fact that the microphone is retractable.
Buen sonido
Good for gaming wish the sound cancel did better
Husband loves these.
Best headphones Ive purchased. Can use it for my phone and Xbox or my PC. Definitely would recommend it to someone who wants a great pair of headphones for gaming or even listening to music
Really great headphones with microphone built-in, some of the best in the industry
Mi hijo está contento, aunque me parece costoso para la calidad del sonido
My husband picked these out for me.  Hes a gamer, but Im a transcriptionist and sometimes the audio files are super unclear with multiple speakers.  These headphones have improved my accuracy greatly!
Not a bad setup for the price and fit is nice and comfortable, even while wearing my hearing aids. Only issues we are experiencing with the 2 pairs we bought is alot of feedback/echoing.  Havent found a good way to correct that yet.  Second issue is the volume adjusting wheel is super sensitive so it gets bumped easily.  Putting a small rubber band around it prevents accidental movement.  Overall, pretty happy with them.
Do not let this headset leave your station they will break down really fast since the leather is glued in and not stitched and water exposure with loosen the glue but overall great headset 10/10
great gift for gamer
I like the retractable mic and the overall comfort
Very good quality
This makes number 3 for the house. We have had several "good ones". The Pro V2 is the best!
good
Great headset! Feels great and cancels out noise so well, sounds amazing as well.
I bought it for my son for his birthday and he likes it
With them on it cancels out all outside noises
Bought these as a gift for my friend for his birthday and tested them before purchasing and the overall sound and mic quality is amazing for the price you’re paying. One thing is that I can hear myself echo when in party chat with him but no one else, but it happened with his past two headsets so my guess is that he just has his volume up way too high. On the other hand the physical quality of the headset is amazing all the way down to the cord. It’s a really nice, flexible, not cheap feeling woven cord. 10/10
good
Liviano y de buena calidad. Volvería a comprarlo!!
This is hands down the best headset Ive ever owned! Most headsets give me migraine after a while because they press my glasses into my head but these are surprisingly comfy and I can wear them all day no problem they even fit my ears wonderful which was unexpected since I have plugs and I love how the mic can be retracted all the way into the headset I have a kid and a cat so my old headsets mic got torn up from them too constantly messing with it
No complaints. Comfortable and a lot better than my last pair.
The headset is pretty comfy. I myself wear glssses so they squeeze my glassess hands (not a crazy amount but it is a discomfort). The noise cancellation is probably the weakest part of this product as you can usually hear most noises around you. They barely weigh anything which is super nice for long gaming sessions. Overall sound quality is perfect, the microphone sounds just as good and the volume control is a nice edition
Overall this is a very good headset dont get me wrong, but there seems to be a slight change to audio that makes it sound slightly muffled or something, probably just my adhd taking effect, isnt super noticeable might forget about it in a few months.
Other than an occasional defective unit, the Bad reviews are unwarranted. This is a great headset at a great price point. Excellent sound, microphone, comfort and aesthetics. Overall excellent value. One star deducted for the overly large headband. Dont buy if you have a small head. Ive got a big head and these are ajusted to their smallest size to fit.
feels durable will prob last about 5 years of mild to heavy use before it starts to have minor problems my last pair of razers lasted 5 years before i had a problem with them and its still working perfectly fine the problem was that the right ear wasnt loud but it works perfectly fine now but thats a different product from this company however these headphones are perfect and will ruin any other headphones you ever use in the future welcome to the cult of razer.... for real razers headsets are by far the best in audio hands down
Loving these headphones, fit great. Cups go completely over my ear and dont sit on them. I have a larger head and wear glasses and they are super comfortable. Not tight, not loose, not heavy but are not super light. Id say for the price you probably wont find anything better then these. Comes with adapter to use for PC. Mine was plugged into it when I received it so I took it off since I use this for my Xbox one S.
Overall these are nice quality headphones, the ear cups are large enough to go over my ears comfortably and even with glasses on theyre fairly comfortable to wear. If there was one thing I would change it would be the addition of the "ski goggle" style strap for increased comfort with the fit
Good
Got home and immediately started gaming. Better than my old headset by leagues. Super clear sounds. Currently jamming out and the bass is fantastic. Some of the mid range sounds a little hollow but the highs are super crisp. So glad I got these.
Amazing!! Fast to deliver and amazing quality!
I love these headphones.  I bought them as a replacement for my ancient Sony noise cancelling headphones.  They cancelled out most of the noise from my neighbors and the sound quality is very good.
Great headphones my only discourse with it is that the volume adjustment for it is way to easily moved
Great for gaming, retractable mic, inline volume control and mute switch, 3.5 splitter for PC, 8 out of 10 for sound quality. 9 out of 10 for build, has some plastic and some metal, padding is soft and replaceable, comfortable with glasses.
The only flaw of this product is that every once in a while the mic just doesn’t work but that only happens for a few minutes and mine might just be faulty. Good buy.
I love to game but having two dogs that want to play made it real hard. I love that I can have the sound quality and the mic being adjustable. Now I can game no problem
I like the mic on the headset. But the background noise is not as good as my other ones but I still like it.
Perfect! Comfy and stylish.
Already a fan of Razer products and really love these headphones!!!
I love the color ajust right and durable
I really enjoy this headset. I got it in a Black Friday sale on here for a slightly reduced price. It’s so comfortable to wear for long periods of time. The cord is covered by extra material, which I feel like will last for so much longer. The noise cancellation is great, but I do wish they were a little louder.
overall great product!! very comfortable
The sound is great but it doesn’t seem to be loud enough.
If you like gaming buy this. This headset blocks out all sound if it is loud enough. In all I would buy this 100%
My son is a gamer and swears by this brand. Got him these for Christmas and I honestly don’t blame him for loving them. High quality, super cool looking and works great.
My son enjoys playing fortnite with friends using these. Would like the mic sensitivity to be a little better. Would also like these to be noise cancelling. Otherwise happy with this product.
Fits perfectly and doesnt aggravate my TMJ like most headphones
My son loves them
The headset is comfortable, has great sound, decent noise cancellation, and has a perfect sized wire that will not get in the way of gaming. I have had it for a few months now and have no problems besides the wire tangling every once in a while. All around a great headset with clear sound and clear voice when talking.
Sound comes through well, and the first headset I have that doesnt have connectivity issues.
