Sadly, these are the worst headphones Ive purchased. Even with the sound turned all the way up, it is barely audible and the mic only works on occasion which basically means, its unusable.
Great headset but id prefer if i would have received a new set not a return the cord was tangled up around the headphone and the mic was extended and bent over so far it seems like it all works fine tho
I was surprised how dissatisfied I was with these headphones after all the good reviews here and online. The build quality is good and they are comfortable. I thought the sound quality was very poor. I bought these as a replacement for my astro a10 because the mic was cutting in and out. My Astros sounded way better in comparison and cheaper than the razors. Returned them the same day I recieved them after wearing them for a couple hours of gaming. Definitely not for me
Microphone already gone, very disappointed!!!
Mic broke pretty fast
I had purchased these on sale for 52$ USD as part of a sale they were having. I did not like the build quality as they felt cheap. The audio quality was also sub-par. These headphones sell normally for 80$. They should sound and feel a lot better for that price range.
They dont come with a USB to use the microphone! Had to spend even more money to get the extra piece. VERY disappointed in Razor! Assumed theyd be better then that!
Ive had it for 2-3 months and its started dropping sound in the right-ear side unless held just right. I attempted to contact support through Amazon only to be hung up on.
Bought this for a Christmas present. Will know more after Christmas if it works
So I really like these headphones for the price I believe it deserves a 4 or 5 based on price. star BUT 3 things why it gets 3 Star... it electrocuted me once at the extension mid point. The other two reasons are the headphones fall off very easy if say you tilt you head down. 3rd and finally if you have any music that’s not playing lite your friends can hear it in the mic.
Ear piece started falling apart after 3 months of use.
So I waited a while to do a review for this. I absolutely love the color and the fit and size. It works great with xbox 1 with the cord, not so much on PC. I love the retractable mic and the flexiblity of it. My only complaint is that it hasnt even been a year and the sound quality is starting to fail. It cuts in and out and drops sound when I do co-ops. Im not sure if its my internet or what, but it really sucks when it picks up static and shorts out when people are talking or when gaming sound comes on which is the big chunk of why you have headphones. If the sound quality doesnt keep up, these are most definitely not with the $70-$80 price tag and its unreasonably overpriced. The volume also does not go very high and its hard to balance out co-op team versus in-game sounds. You have to adjust in-game sounds, and TV sounds to hear teammates when you use them on xbox. They were good for a while, but Im really frustrated with the sound quality now.
Not too fond of how cheap it is made. Also, high volumes create an echo for any party chat or game chat. Wouldn’t recommend for the price.
DO NOT BUY. Countless hours of trying to fix this mic. All sound output will be played through the mic even when the mic is muted. I give up. gonna return
Less than a year in and the left ear is distorted, basically rendering this mid-range headphones garbage. Got it for my son to go with a Razer Seiren that still seems to work ok. But these things are trash, and despite its being under a year, Im sure nothing will be done to correct it. In summary, this set of headphones and 2 Razer mice have failed on me now. Im usually pretty brand loyal, but from here on out Ill for sure look for something better.
Wish it were wireless or at the very least cane with alternate plugs for iPhone.
It was great on my head for 3 months, but then one day suddenly the mic did not work anymore. I never dropped it on the ground or did any damage on it. It was just one day when I used it, the mic simply did not work. I am using it fine but its quality is not good.
Buying a product is the same as purchasing into the companys customer service.  The product is rated 1-star because of its customer service and the defective part that come with it. Today is April 22, 2018, the product was ordered on March 28, 2018.  (Not even one month yet).  After using the product on numerous platforms (windows, PS4, Xbox and etc), we realized that product has a defective splitter wire (headphone and microphone).  I contacted Razer requesting for a replacement splitter wire.  The Razer customer service told me to buy a generic third party spliiter wire.  After I mentioned to the customer service that it is not a generic color (black) but one of the special Razer color, the customer service told me to return the whole product to Amazon instead of providing a simple defective part.
the headphones have decent sound quality, but theres a major design flaw with the microphone, i dont know if its the material or the shape, but there is horrible echo from the headphones whenever you have your volume higher than 50%, if you plan on using an external microphone it isnt an issue, but i didnt expect to have to buy a microphone after i spent almost 100$ on a headset
The sound from these headphones is very bass heavy and muddy to the point where I couldnt hear any other sounds. Games sounded like they were recorded at the end of a tube.
The Razer company doesnt sell replacement wires.  They want you to have to buy a new set.  NOT me!  NEVER again will I buy anything Razer!  BEWARE!!!
I was pretty excited to get these in since im a razer fanboy, have the Razer blackwidow, naga chroma, and vespula pad, all great products. When i recieved this headset though i was disappointed, the sound quality was average, about the same as my earbuds from my galaxy s8, and just felt cheaply made. The only time i felt the headset was up to par was when i tweaked it with the synapse surround sound app.
I got it on December 29th. On xbox the audio quality is pretty good and It is comfortable. But the mic is terrible  for some reson. My $25  mic is better than this.
the sound quality is trash it comes with broken cables that are all crimped up, and the mic is so bad it hurts other peoples ears
Bought this product and used it a few times and the sound quality was poor compared to my turtle beach pros. After a few times of using the head set it started to echo and pissed the people I was playing with off. Tried different controllers and settings and still the same result. Think these headsets are cheaply made.
This was disappointing, I enjoyed these headphones at first. The green is a bit tacky, but it was functional. Sound quality is not exceptional but the headset is comfortable though it can build some heat. The mic quality, volume control and mute functions were my favorite features of this headset and the fact you can use it for other devices. While I took good care of this headset which I bought in Nov 2018 it has failed me less than a year later. I used it regularly on weekends. Then with no apparent reason, the left speaker stopped working. I tried all the fixes and in the end I am forced to replace them with something else.  I enjoy razer products but having something last less than a year is unacceptable.
did not work
Microphone picks up an echo badly avoid at all costs
The mic broke after just a month. We can’t even talk through it.
these are terrible, i bought these on sale and even then wish i didnt. should have returned but im letting my 6 year old use them for car rides. they are super cheap plastic and feel like they will break easy they are very uncomfortable around the ear and sound is very poor.
Had the headset for a few months and the right speaker quit working and then the entire headset quit working. I don’t plan on ever buying another Headset from this brand.
The sound  Quality is bad
It’s ok, I don’t love them. The construction of the headset is good quality and the band is metal which is great.  They look really cool and have a nice feel, I got the green ones and they look very sleek, but the sound is lacking. Firstly the sound has that hollow tin pitch to it and the bass is almost too loud blocking out other noise and muffled headset chatter.  There is no separation between microphone volume and general game noise which I assumed that feature would be standard on gaming headsets at this point.  It’s very annoying if you’re trying to hear friends better you just turn up the game noise with it, so be prepared to be tweaking your in game sound settings all the time. I replaced these with the $120 turtle beach Bluetooth headset which was the polar opposite to these.  Those had great sound and volume separation features, but the band build quality was horrendous and they broke on me multiple times. My two cents: save up a little longer and drop some money on a high-end pair that offers quality construction and top range sound quality. These are fine and they do their job but if you can afford it get something better.
This headset is overpriced it has almost no useful volume. The volume it does have is only a single dial which controls both game and chat volume. This has no special features and is a glorified $20 headset.
This looked like is was a good headset but when i got it it was very uncomfortable and there was always a white noise effect even if i wasnt talking with anyone... dont get this one look up a youtube video on the best headsets if you want to get a great one
My son cant use this in his computer. Not sure if its  the Microsoft update. It will not work.
The sound is very Great, but the mic is not too good. People that are near me can hear what I’m listening to, also, the mic is a little too sensitive
Loser scammer.
i absolutely loved the comfort, and other qualities this headset provided, however the gaming experience i had was very poor, i was unable to game with friends unless they muted me due to the poor sound quality of this headset, and if i played alone it was no different, the whole point of on line gaming is to experience games with friends etc. however i was unable to do that. i would not recommend this headset to your friends like mine did.
Great product if you only want it to work for 5-6 times over the course of 3 months. My brother is not a avid gamer by any stretch and I got him the set for us to keep up better via chatting online - now I look like the idiot that got him a cheap headset. Do not buy this trash.
As my son attempted to use his new headset we were unable to connect it to the Xbox. In the fine print you MAY need the have a stereo adapter. There is no maybe about it.
The product description says that it may be used with Xbox One. However, it is not compatible with Xbox One unless you buy an adaptor. Why is the adaptor not included? I have a disappointed kid who can’t use this headset as intended.
I got these headphones a few months ago. Plugged them  into an Xbox one controller but the sound wasnt right. If I wiggled the input a bit it sounded fine. This worked fine for a couple months, then I had to almost hold the input in to get all the channels to work. Finally, after not being able to take it anymore, I tried to bend the input a little bit to get it straight. Immediately snapped off. Very cheap product, sent to me bent, I tried to deal with it but ultimately it was too annoying. I find out my window to return to Amazon was over so I contacted Razer. Their warranty basically doesnt cover anything and all they offered me was  $20 voucher so I could rebuy an unimpressive headset that was sent to me defective. This is my first and last Razer product. DO NOT BUY!
Great headset, got the braided cable because of cats. Unfortunately they chewed the jack and the volume control. The volume control split in half and the right side doesnt work. But for the few weeks I had this it was great. The Mic is extra sensitive and can pick up noise across the room.
I had this headset for 2 days and dropped it once from my chair and the audio jack snapped like that. The other half of the audio jack is stuck in my controller which can now never have a headset plugged into it again, Im sticking with turtle beach.
So ive owned this headset for a year now its great but the quality is not so great the leather on the inside of the headset in basically glued on and came off so now it bothering to wear or see this headset fell nce from 2 feet and the cap immediately broke off after looking inside it seemed most of it was hollow and there was hot glue in side the headset itself the caps on the side are held on by 4 flimsy plastic rods that are also glued on tbh i thought this headset would have lasted longer considering that i left it in pretty good conditions stand and everything but it seems i was wrong i wont buy this headset again and will search for a newer high quality version i honestly dont suggest to buy this for the long term
Bought this for my son in December, already having noise issues with it..
I got these for my 10 year old grandson to use playing video games.  They worked great but after only 4 months they broke!  For the price and the amount of use I feel they should have lasted longer and had a warranty.
Bought these for my little one to replace another set of headphones that died.  Well, these didnt last long either.  The mic died.  I tried to look up a way to contact Razer directly but no go.  The Amazon warranty is over so I guess Im out of luck.  I paid the extra money to buy these thinking they would last longer but guess not.  Extremely disappointing.  My son really did like them!
60 days later left side ear cover popped in my kids ear and stopped working.  Top quality paid low-quality received
I use these headphones for gaming and overall general use and id recommend them, but just today I heard some crackling noises in the right headphone that happens whenever i shake the headset.
We purchased these headphones because all of the other cheaper headphones we bought quit working after a few weeks.  We thought spending a little more money would give a little better quality.  The mic quit working after a few weeks just like all of the others.
Shipped broken
