First Impressions and UnboxingYou get the typical awesome presentation from Astro here. Nice tightly packed box with mostly all shiny finishes protected with plastic. You get to hear that amazing sound of peeling plastic a few times HAHA. I can only say this is a well-designed, feature packed, high quality elite level headset. Sound is amazing, especially for wireless, and the soundstage is HUGE. The price is a bit steep to ask someone to buy a MOD KIT in my opinion. I believe it should have been included to provide better value. I truly love the subdued colorway of black and gray and the high gloss with matte black finishes make this look elegant and aggressive. The overall experience provided by the A50s will never make you second guess your purchase though. Astro has been the standard for gaming headsets for good reason, and this headset builds on the already solid foundation. It wont make you wonder if it will break and due to its lightweight design, it is designed with long gaming sessions in mind. I am not a fan of the software and I do NOT like that you can only make changes by plugging into a PC and using Astro Command Center. The software needs a lot of work and if you are on a 4k monitor, you will never see full screen.Build and AestheticBuild is solid. The base station is made of top shelf made and high gloss plastic. The headband is flexible and I dont worry about it breaking so it can take a beating. My only complaint is the cheap plastic used for the volume wheel. The volume wheel is loose and makes tapping/rattling sounds when you touch it or move your head quickly horizontally. Open back sounding design allows noise in from your surroundings. This can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on your tastes but supposedly will get better with the mod kits leather cups. I really love how these look and I can see this look fitting multitudes of people. Fit and FunctionFit is impeccable. There is no clamping pressure to cause wear fatigue. The microfiber material is very breathable but I worry if it will last. My stubble seems to be shredding the earcups and I havent had them for a week. These get hot to me after around 3-4 hours of play so I wish there were another option for ear cups in the box. I will NOT be dropping $40 on something that should have been provided.Audio and Mic QualityLoud and powerful sound! Crystal clear audio weve all come to expect from Astro. Astro Audio V2.0 may be onto something here. These literally make you feel like you are in a nice room with surround sound. The mic quality is above average with lots of sibilants. This needs a pop filter to increase the audio quality. It is sounds like it is all mids and the high and low ends roll off significantly. Even after EQing and removing the noise gates it still sounds like a headset.Range and Battery LifeRange is AMAZING! For my test, the base was placed in my basement with my workstation PC and PS4. I went from the basement to the 3rd/top level and didnt have ANY drop in sound quality or stability of the connection. I am simply amazed by this! My home is filled with over 40 smart devices and I have a mesh network on each level to provide plenty of radio interference. I have another pair of 2.4GHz wireless headphones from a German maker that has connectivity issues outside of 10ft in a higher price point. The performance on these are impressive.Battery life is rated for 15hrs. I can say I have close to that in my days if testing. I put them to charge when I finish gaming si this isnt really a problem for me. Favorite ThingsMagnetic charging dock with easy channels to line it up to charge. Range is the best Ive tested.Auto Mute when you put up the mic! That is one of the best so you dont have to press a separate button.RecommendationsMOD KIT - Astro really missed out on an opportunity to just demolish the competition by including a leather option and the included microfiber ear cups. This would scream to the buyer "Were the best period! When you drop your hard earned cash, we have all your options covered". Your "MOD KIT" could be more than just a leather upgrade for $40 if youd offer colors and customization options via 3D printing. Just a thought… for this price, you really shouldnt have to drop another $40 for leather when you are the standard for gaming headsets. There are $100 headsets that close this standard. PS4 app - It would be nice is a headset maker would take time to develop IN SYSTEM apps for the gaming platform. This will be yet another stop on the road to complete domination of your competition. Sorry, but Im from the mindset of "Who wants to compete? Im here to dominate and leave no doubt whos the best!"Mic upgrades should be sold and also custom 3D printing of ear caps to make this the ultimate product for customization. If you make a nice mix, you can get a nice segment of the market of streamers who dont want to buy a professional audio setup with mic. The VerdictPretty simple here... for wireless headphones, these are my choice. Astro Gaming had been the standard for a while.
Have been using these for a month now - I want to cover a few things1. Setup - setup was a breeze - simply plug in your optical cable or USB cable to your PC - done!2. Function - They are wireless and provide a good range in my home - I can wander a bit around the house before the sound will drop - usually about 40feet give or take. The sound doesnt distort but doe completely drop-in/out when you hit that edge! The headset has a great battery life - I used them for a few gaming sessions and conference calls for about 3-4 hours - never got a battery warning! Its easy to set up 3 different audio EQs and switch from game to PC> Also the base provides a charge status! 3. Comfort - I ofter find that over the ear headsets become uncomfortable after about 45 min with my ears getting hot. These have a magnetic earpiece that is a foam/fabric material. These are comfortable and allow some airflow and thus I can wear them longer - also easy replacement as they wear down to keep the headset like new!4. Microphone - has good pickup and boom is flexible. When upright it is muted. There is a noticeable "notch" when moving up that lets you know it is in fact muted! 5. Volume - this headset has a good volume for calls and gaming - They are plenty loud enough but not rocking your skull LOUD. I tried going loud to find a distortion but the limited settings prevented that - which is good!!6. Sound Quality - I really liked the sound form these - They are Dolby settings. I found the spacial to be great and the custom EQ lets me set to sound as I want. I set up a few EQs for music/Gaming/Calls that are quick presets! These presets are easily known on the base or by audio beeps as you flip through.7. Build Quality - this headset should last a long time. They are well built and using the base for storage should keep them out of harms way! With the customizable pieces that are replaceable as well. 8. WIndows 10 allows me to switch between the headset and my USB desktop speakers so that Im not always plugging/unplugging the headsetOverall a great headset and should last a while if taken care of! I
The Astro A50 Wireless + Base Station is really a next level game-changing headset. Just the fact that its wireless is in and of itself great to have. It boasts a 16-hour battery life but has so much more.In the beginning, you have to update the firmware for both the base station and the headset to get the best use of this product. The product at the time of review was listed on Best Buy for $299.99 the same price from the manufacturer, so my review will be comparing it to products of the same price point as this unit.Wireless Headset is a bit heavy but really fits comfortably on your head so you barely notice the weight of it once its properly fitted to your head. The headset usees cloth cushion so you don’t sweat regardless of how many hours you are using it. This is a great feature, I think more manufacturers are moving in this direction. The headset also has buttons for Power on/off, Volume control, EQ setting and Dolby on Source Audio. I cant tell how nice that is when you want to just reach up and change things on the fly instead of promoting this on your computer or gaming console. Very nice touch. This microphone is smooth flip down or up. The build quality of the headset is outstanding.Base Station comes with USB Charger, and also a short optical cable from source (PS4) to base station. But it doesn’t end there. It also has inputs for Optical in/out, Aux, Micro USB and a switch for PC to PS4. For the purpose of this test, I have tested on my PC.Astro Comand Center – Is the interface for the Equalizer Presets. It offers 5 presets; A50 Mod Kit, Astro, Media, Pro, and Studio. It also allows you to store and save your own presets along with advanced setting to give you even more flexibility to adjust to the setting that works for you. It also has Stream Port setting that you use for the microphone and at this time I have not tested it, but will soon.I tested the EQ and the Dolby sound on a computer watching Alita Battle Angel on VUDU which supports the Dolby driver and tested its clarity. The fight scene in the movie with Alita in the ally with Dr. Ido was amazing to listen to. The balance between high and low was great and it was tested on the preset for Pro and Studio.At the end of the day, I was not tired of listening to this amazing Headset. I am now using this as my main headset for both my computer and PS4 and for the money is well worth the investment to have this type of quality built headset with so much functionality and ease of use.
I’ve wanted some of the Astro a50s for years (literally). I’d always tell myself maybe they aren’t as amazing as every true gamer says. So I waited. And now that I have them, I wish I would have gotten them yrs ago. They really are amazing. I love them sooo much. I play mainly black ops 4, days gone, fallout 76 and red dead redemption 2. So it’s a variety. I consider myself a hardcore gamer since the ps2 days. Tho I am a little busy nowadays. When I set time aside to game, these make all the difference. While playing COD now I can actually hear what direction the other teams players are coming from. Or when they are walking/running near me. If it’s loud shots they are near if the are lower volume shots they are far. These are true surround sound. Not virtual. That’s why these are a prime price. Worth it 100%. The actual speakers in the headphones sound very very good. Not perfect but well balanced. That’s important to me. They are comfortable as well. Tho I don’t play for 8 hours straight. Lol. They look more expensive as far as design. I do walk to the kitchen and never lose connection or drops. The base station is super sturdy and DOES charge the headset. But this also comes with a micro usb on the bottom of the headset if for some reason you like charging the old way. Make sure to set your ps4 to optical out and select Dolby digital as the preferred sound. Packaging is premium and huge. I’d recommend keeping it forever. Super nice. This comes with an optical wire but you will need one more for proper setup. The base station connects directly to you PS4/PS4 pro(I have a PS4 pro). If you are new to the Astro a50s. You want to start here at the top. You will not be disappointed. You get what you pay for. And these are worth every penny. Good luck and enjoy your gaming happiness like myself.
Ive always had a soft-spot for Astro gaming gear, especially the headphones. Ive owned the A50 in the past, back when it was gen2, I believe. Ive also currently have a pair of the A40 TR Editions, which I LOVE. I have those connected to my PC for gaming there. It has been a challenge finding a great pair of headphones for the PS4 because in my experience, most of the headphones have a generally low "overall" volume. Since my last pair of A50s, Ive owned at least 4-5 pairs of gaming headphones, all from the top manufacturers. All Im going to say at this point is that outside of the A40s (wired), the A50s (wireless) are the absolute BEST gaming headphones you can get, currently. Dont get me wrong, there are a few close competitors, especially on the PC front. But for the PS4, the A50s are hands-down the clear winner.As with all Astro products, I love the unboxing experience. Everything is super heavy-duty and packaged so well, you really feel the "premium" of it and that you got what you paid for. Taking everything out, its so shiny. I was really surprised at how lightweight the actual cans were. And equally impressed with how small (and also lightweight) the footprint was of the base/stand for these. If I had any complaints at just the general, overall "look" of everything, it would be that I wish there were more matte to the design than gloss. But, I can see why the lower half of the base is shiny/glossy - due to all of the LED lights and such that is built into it. So, I can live with that.Setup was dead-on simple, but does have a little bit of REQUIRED reading (more in this in the next paragraph). Regardless of if you plan on using these on PC or PS4, you will first need to ensure they are in "PC Mode", and download the Astro Command Center firmware - which was just updated to support these headphones and was released on Friday, 8/2/2019 (Version 1.0.209 for Windows - there is also a Mac version, too). Once this is done, just plug the included USB cable in, run the Command Center program and you will be prompted to update the base station and the headphones. Just click "Yes" and it will automatically do everything for you. If hooking into a PS4 afterwards, just make sure you switch it back over to PS4 mode prior to hooking up.This review will focus on the PS4 aspect of the headphones, as this is the primary reason why I got them. A40s are perfect for my PC, as the wires are not an issue. PS4, on the other hand, is a different story. I do want to say that if you have a dedicated sound system installed already that your PS4 is hooked into, this headset WILL slightly complicate your setup a bit - but its WORTH IT. Im using a Sony HT-Z9F Dolby Atmos soundbar. Simple setup and everything is via HDMI. The base station requires the included optical audio and USB cables to be plugged into the PS4. Once this is done, there are some settings you need to adjust. Please dont let this scare you off - once you do it a few times, it takes no time to make these changes back-and-forth, as you need.Here are the steps to take to set these up, optimally (These were taken from Astros "Quick Start Guide):1) From the Dashboard, navigate to Settings’ then select ‘Devices and select ”Audio Devices.”2) Ensure Input Device is set to USB Headset (Astro A50 Voice) and the Output Device is set to the same.3) Ensure the Output to Headphones is set to “Chat Audio.”4) Navigate back to the Settings menu, then select “Sound and Screen.”5) Navigate to Audio Output Settings, and ensure Primary Output Port is set to Digital Out (Optical) and Audio Format (Priority) is set to Bitstream (Dolby).6) Change the Input and Output Device to USB Headset (ASTRO Wireless Transmitter).Once this is done, I noticed that audio came from both my headphones AND my soundbar. So, I have to either mute the soundbar or turn it all the way down to 0. However, I have verified with Astro directly that "Chat Audio" is the correct setting. If you use "All Audio", this will render your Game/Voice balance feature useless.Now, you can leave these settings as-is. Docking or turning off your headset will allow audio to output through your receiver/soundbar...but Im not sure if you will get the correct audio scaling from your receiver without it being set back to HDMI properly (when I do, it switches it back to 7.1 audio).I have one huge PLUS and one huge MINUS regarding the A50s. The PLUS is that they employ a smart auto-on/auto-off feature. So, if you take them off and lay them down, after a few minutes, they will go into standby to preserve battery. Simply pick them up and put them on and you will hear a beep and the headphones power back up. The MINUS is that given the volume is controlled directly by a wheel on the headphones, there is not actual volume level indicator. Theres no way of knowing that they are maxed out or not other than scrolling the will and seeing that they are not going any louder (Ive experienced this on some game with naturally low-sounding audio). My only other issue is in the length of the USB cable. It pretty much forces you to have your headphones set-up within 3 or so feet of your PS4. So, you may want to invest in a longer USB cable if you plan on displaying these nicely.They also have smart-charging technology built into them, so they will not overcharge if you leave them on the base station for a long period of time. Additionally, while the Xbox version of these are advertised as Dolby Atmos; the PS4 version is not, as the system does not have Atmos capabilities. However, in PC mode, it is Atmos capable. You just do not receive an Atmos code with the PS4 version, like you get on the Xbox version.One final tip that I want to share is with the Game/Voice balance. If you are not using the mic, make sure you press the Game side of the rocker all the way until you hear a beep. This will ensure you are getting the max audio volume from your total volume level. When using the mic, pressing Voice will lower the game volume so you can hear the chat better. There is a chime at the halfway level, then another chime at the full voice level, like there is at the full game level, so you do have an indicator where your balance is.Overall, these are a solid 5 star rating. They are the very best gaming headphones Ive ever used on the PS4 and yes, they sound even louder (rivaling my A40s) on the PC. Ive never understood why the PS4 has such a naturally "low" volume with headphones, but the A50s completely resolve that! They are beautiful, as well as super comfy (I cant wait to get my mod kit that I pre-ordered!!!) and while they may complicate your setup, its something I can live with. I have a minor hearing disability and these are one of the few cans I can use and still be wowed and amazed by. Every. Single. Time.Now, my only hope is that when the PS5 comes out (next year?), these will work. Because I really, really want to use these for a very long time. Amazing. If youve made it this far in my review, then I can only say this: Do not hesitate. Add to your cart and buy now. You will not regret it.
There is a lot to like about this headset and very little to not like about this headset. First thing I noticed was how comfortable they were. These are easily the most comfortable pair of headphones Ive ever worn. By default these also have sidetone turned on (your voice from the mic is played back through the headset), which really helps with the question "can everyone hear me ok?". Initial setup of the headset wasnt an issue, just had to make sure the base station was plugged into a powered USB port. The instructions want you to set the PS4 audio settings in a specific way, but they seemed to work even without the settings set (but you might not get dolby surround).To change the settings for the headset you will have to plug it into a computer and download the Astro Command Center. But it loads the equalizer, sidetone, and other settings directly onto the headset/base station, so you get some of the advanced control usually found just on PC-only headsets available on your PS4 headset. I personally didnt care for the Dolby effects this headset produced, but that may vary with the specific game youre playing. It is nice however having different EQ settings to toggle between, so I can change it up depending on the game. The voice/game audio EQ didnt seem to make a huge difference for me, but I didnt do a lot of voice chatting during my testing.Mic quality was fine, though I found it was a bit sensitive to wind sounds, so heavy breathing, or a fan might get picked up by the mic. Volume control on the headset has a nice click to the wheel, which helps with precise volume adjustment. I kind of wish it was on the left hand side, but maybe thats personal preference. The buttons for selecting the EQ setting or toggling Dolby are exactly the same, and I dont remember if the Dolby or EQ button is on the bottom. So, wouldve been nice if there was some sort of differentiation between the buttons. But, the base station does show what you have selected (including battery life), so even those issues are very minimal.And the big question: does this work on Xbox and Switch? Answer: Yes! On the Xbox it worked in either PS4 or PC mode, and on Switch it worked in PC mode. Nothing special was needed. I didnt test the Mic on Xbox though since thats not my primary console, and the mic has no use on the Switch.
ASTRO A50Whats in the box—————————* ASTRO A50 + Base Station for Xbox One* ASTRO Wireless XB1 5 GHz Base Station Transmitter/Charging Stand* USB Cable* Optical CablePros——1. Excellent Fit and Finish!2. Super Sound Quality on both the headset and mic (other party can hear clearly)3. Its wireless without any loss in sound quality4. Has EQ Once you have the software installed on the PC5. 15 Hr battery life6. Battery status indicator7. Excellent range!!8. Auto Shut off when not in use to save batteryCons——1. Expensive !!2. No Option to connect the audio cable( though audio jack)Review———FIT AND FINISHIts got a solid build quality and it will last a lifetime, you can be confident that you can drop it and it will not break or stop functioning. The headband also feels strong, and I have a large head, it can stretch and fits me well. The cushions are soft and removable, just in case you need to replace it. The plastic on the headphone feels nice and well made.When I wear for a long time, I don’t get fatigued which is more important when gaming because typical gaming hours are 2-3 hours.SETUPThe headset is having magnetic spots which makes sure that the headset can dock right off once you place it on the base When you put the headset on the basestation, the pairing begins and the headset will start charging. The blinking button on the base station will indicate that the headset Is pairing and there is an amber light on the headphone to indicate that the headphone is charging.I made sure that my headset is having the latest firmware by updating it through a PC.The setup is fairly easy for both PC and PS4. The cables that are provided (optical and USB) can be connected to the PS4. PS4 will recognize this connection as a astro AS50. Make sure to select the toggle switch to PS4. You just need to make sure that the audio device setup for input and output as Astro A50 and the port is appropriately selected as optical port. Setup on PC is even easier. You just need to connect the astro A50 to the PC using the USB cable. No need to connect the optical cable. You will get dolby surround through the USB port.USAGEI used the headphones with my computer first. I did not test the headphones with any game on my PC but I was using it for my conference calls when working from home. I used Skype for calling out and the Mic and headphones were very clear. The Mic turns on when you lower your mic and it turn off when it is in an up upward direction.I also listened to some of the youtube videos, the sound quality is fantastic. These are not boss heavy headsets but that’s not what I want. The sound is very balanced with crisp highs and balanced mids and lows.Next, I connected the headphones to my PS4. I played Call of Duty and Forza Horizon games on my PS4 and the effect with dolby was phenomenal. I like the fact that I can play the games ate night and at a good volume without disturbing anyone in the house. I like the fact that the volume control is available on the headphone. The headphone also has a audible tone on the battery indicator when it drops to 10% or less.Overall I think this is a great purchase.
The Astro A50 is the pinnacle of wireless gaming headsets. While it is bulky and includes a docking station that requires installation within USB reach of your console or gaming PC, this device is premium throughout.Audio quality, both output from its soft, comfortable padded over-ear cups was excellent, and the flexible boom mic worked great when chatting with my squad on a few key multiplayer titles on PC.The build quality of this monster is superb. The only few criticisms, and this is preference, is that the headset seems difficult to dock into the base station when setting it down to charge, and the firmware for XBOX and PlayStation 4 should be able to be incorporated into a single base station - Since it cant (thanks Microsoft!) you can always add an XBOX One base station to your setup near your console and simply dock the headset to pair it with that station to switch play.Really impressed with this unit and I might be adding the second base station to make it my go-to on all platforms!
I initially was wondering why this headset had a bigger base. I mean, the sound quality is great and the chat is crystal clear. Those are the reasons why we get these gaming headsets. It is a little bit of a pain to set up, both hardware and PS4 settings especially that I compared it to some of its competitors, both wired and bluetooth devices. Others simply needed to be plugged in (wired) and others had a dongle thats plug and play (bluetooth) and they all did the same thing. HOWEVER, more than this headset is VERY COMFORTABLE, it stays in place and I can put them on for HOURS, I wanted to understand why I have a bulky base and a little more complicated set up than the rest. So I actually watched real movies and quality documentaries. THAT MADE A DIFFERENCE. The separation of the voice to the supporting sounds and effects actually put this headset above others. Now I understood why it needed an optical out and a USB connection with that the not-so-big base (vs. a dongle). The quality IS different. I did play Fortnite and NBA 2K19 on both PC and PS4 and did not hear the difference in already good quality. But when I played 4K HDR Dolby and 5.1 on Netflix through PS4, I knew why this product is such. IT IS GREAT. Now I do have Red Dead Redemption 2 but have not continued my story mode in a while which I am sure this Astro will make the difference. It makes me want to play my story mode games again.Oh and you know whats the kicker? You can use it on your TV, DIRECTLY as a headset receiver since TVs do not enable bluetooth headsets. Gives me the flexibility to experience an epic movie without waking others up!!Sometimes, big things come in bigger packages. This product showed me what big really is. I am HAPPY!
I have been using the Astro A50 for a few days trying to decide between 3 or 4 stars. I decided on 4 because of the following:PROS- 15 hour battery life- clear, smooth audio playback- equalizer settings so you can prioritize chat vs game sounds- incredible build quality and comfortable for extended game play- comes with all you need in the box, including an optical cable- flip mic to muteCONS- base station size makes this better for PC vs console gaming- mixed ability to charge on base station vs direct USBTheres no disputing the sound quality of the Astro A50 is amazing and they rank high on comfort and build. These are without a doubt the nicest wireless gaming headphones I have ever used. I have never appreciated just how much effort goes into mixing game audio and playing CoD and Destiny was like playing games for the first time (and more terrifying!)What I love is the Astro A50s are the ONLY headphones that let you take straight optical out of your PS4 and feed it into the transmitter for the wireless headphones (via the base station)What I am still working out is why the Astro A50s have to have the base station and dont also offer a slimline transmitter in the box. I only wonder because on my desk next to my PC, I have heaps of room and can accommodate the base station. But my PS4 sits in a cabinet under the TV, so you end up with a relatively large base station (about half the size of a standard mouse pad) that you need to unplug and plug in somewhere else if you want to use the base station as a charger. Otherwise, you can charge with any standard micro USB (wish it was USB C). This is where I start evaluating the Astro A50s vs something like the Logitech G935s. The latter being a better headset if you want to switch between PS4 and PC use.Dont get me wrong. The Astro A50s are incredible and I love the sound, fit, features. They will definitely be my everyday PC gaming headphones. If they came with a smaller dongle/transmitter then I would use them equally between my PC or PS4.
SUMMARY This is Astro’s flagship headset that is popular among pro-gamers that has improved over time sound-wise with software updates, it is compatible with PS4, PC & Mac, has good battery life and can customize sound via an EQ on PC.THE GOOD:Easily switch between console to PC15 hour battery lifeQuality Dolby headphone surround sound (NOTE: MAKE SURE YOU UPDATE FIRMWARE!)Battery saver when placed on side Headphone has micro USB (charge while playing)Wireless base stationTHE BAD:Heavy & clunky Wireless range only around 12 feetThe docking station that acts as a charger and wireless transmitter. The base station has inputs for optical audio, as well as optical pass-through and a 1/8” aux input in case you want to plug in another audio source. A switch on the side lets you toggle between your console and your PC, depending on which system you’re using.The headset itself has a 3 way EQ switch on the right ear that lets you toggle between EQ settings that you can customize using an included PC app. There’s also a power switch and a Dolby button for hopping between stereo and surround sound. The right ear exterior is a large rocker that you can use to adjust the game/chat audio balance, and there’s a volume knob located on the bottom of the cup. A chat microphone is attached to the left ear and will automatically mute itself if you swing it all the way up.FINAL THOUGHTS:Good sound and mic makes this a solid option, plus premium features but it does get a little uncomfortable while wearing it long term.
I have used many headsets and had various feelings regarding them. When it comes to finding a good headset it comes down to build quality, sound/mic quality, and most importantly comfortability. It is often times hard to find a headset that has all of these. Especially in terms of wireless headsets. Many wireless headsets are heavy and after so long they become uncomfortable. All of that being said Astro makes some of the best quality gaming products and this headset is no exception. The build quality is very high end and it does not lack in comfortability. This headset can be worn for many hours and still be comfortable. The set up was extremely easy. All that was required was plugging in the base station and turning on the headset. The Base station acts as a charge for the headset as well. When it comes to build quality this headset offers top quality metals and plastics. I also like that all the buttons are easily located and easy to use right on the headset. This headset also has great sound quality and mixes in chat audio which sounds crisp and clear. I am a huge fan of this headset and when matched with an Astro Pro controller it makes gaming so much better. Another nice addition to this headset is that it allows for use on both PC and PS4. I also believe you can buy another base station if you wanted to use it for Xbox one. I highly recommend this headset.
SoundAfter playing a few hours of Call of Duty on PS4 I can write this with confidence that the sound quality is outstanding. I was able to hear the detail sounds that the game developers wanted gamers to hear. I performed really well when I used the Astro A50 because I heard the footsteps and environment game changes better. I’m impressed on how much of a difference it made playing my game using the new A50. The new Astro A50 supports Dolby audio and I can turn it on or off right from the headset. Also it has a mic that I can slide down to talk or have it up to mute my chats. During the game with a simple click on the right side of the headset I can balance the voice and game sound. To help fine tune the game experience we can also download a free software to further customize the A50. BatteryI played for about 3-4 hours and I only lost only 1 out of 4 lights that indicates how much power I have remaining. This is a great thing because pro gamers will have plenty of time before needing a recharge. For my gaming I think over 15 hours from every battery recharge is more than I will be needing. ComfortThe headset is very comfortable because it is wireless, lightweight, softly padded on my head and over my ears. The frame is sturdy and it don’t press uncomfortably on my ears. The headset is comfortable to where I can lay on my back while wearing them and remain comfortable. Style The new A50 is a great looking gaming headset. I’ve seen a few ugly gaming headsets but the A50 is not in that category. I get pro quality audio and futuristic style with the new Astro A50. Cons-Padding on the headset are not leather. If premium is the aim I think the leather would make it more elegant for the price. I did read that the padding are removable to interchange to any liking but I have not explore that yet to determine if it’s worth the extra cost for me. -No auto off feature to preserve battery when not in use. Pros-Wireless with a charging dock for easy battery recharge. -On the headset the controls are at fingertips reach to make it easy to adjust preferred settings. Final opinionMeets my expectations with sound quality and this is a great headset for novice and pro gamers. I think the setup was also very easy to follow for my PS4 and I like the option to use it with my PC. I believe this is a good product and I would recommend trying it before deciding on your next gaming headset. I like the surround sound the A50 headset produce and the soft white indicators. The indicators are all easy to see and give me visual of everything important when I’m using the A50. I took 1 star away only because of the price and the padding not being leather.
I’ll start by saying this headset is huge! Like aviation headset huge. It also feel pretty hefty weight wise. It’s just under a pound, but I don’t know the actual weight. Having said that, these are amazingly comfortable. These are one of the first over the ear headsets I’ve used where my ears don’t actually touch the cushions. They rest almost entirely on your head.Setup was easy. Just plug the USB power cord into either a PC, PS4 or a power brick and rest the headphones in the included charging base. I did notice that if I didn’t set the headset on the cradle just right, it won’t charge. You have to make sure that the charging light on the headset lights up to know it’s set in right. You can download the free Astro Command center app where you can tweak the EQ and other settings. I didn’t mess with that much, but plan to spend more time with it once I get used to the headset.An important note if you are buying these to use with your PS4. These require the use of an optical port for sound. If you own the newer PS4 Slim or Pro (as I do) those systems no longer have an optical port. I dealt with this by purchasing an inexpensive audio extractor. Still it’s a little annoying that Astro’s latest headset does not account for the new PS4 models. Almost as annoying as Sony taking away the optical port.As for the sound, the best word that comes to mind is “immersive”. The highs are crisp and clear, the base is powerful without making your head vibrate. The surround sound effect is incredible as well. I kept wanting to turn my head in the direction of the sounds while gaming. Overall, the A50s are a premium headset at a premium price. However, they are not overpriced for what you get.
Its been a while since I got a new headset that was anything more than a throwaway. I have to say this was definitely the right way to step back in to getting hedsets that are worthwhile.To start, the packaging experience is definitely premium. Not only is it double boxed, but the inside box is thick walled, smooth and opens like a book. The headset is well contained in easily removed plastic which also contains the base station, a micro-USB cable and an optical audio cable. The construction of the headset itself is superb, albeit mostly plastic. The earpads are cloth and extremely comfortable (although they do tend to get very warm with prolonged use).Setting it up is easy enough although you feel like you have to read the included literature (of which there is only a little) to "get it" honestly. It definitely could be a little better explained or at least a touch more straightforward out of the box if youre like me and go to hook it up without reading anything. That said, within a few minutes I was up and running.The USB cable provides both the power to charge the headset (as well as the connection to the source if connected to a PC as well, more on that in a minute). It also comes with an optical TOSlink cable for connecting to the PS4. A few settings in the PS4 menus and I was good to go.In playing games the audio was crisp and clear with Dolby Digital turned off on the headset, however with it turned on I experienced what could only be described as muddy sound. There are 3 equalizer settings built in as well, but I preferred it left on the "1" setting. The bass was quite good for a headset and it definitely helped my positional awareness in The Division 2.I also played some videos and music through the headset which was also excellent, again provided Dolby Digital was turned off.I then went and tried the headset with my PC. The experience was much the same as with the PS4, although when using the TOSLINK cable I experienced a strange issue in Overwatch where the chat audio was clear but the game audio was extremely quiet. Running it with USB to the PC did not cause this issue. (As Ive finished writing this review Im finding that the documentation DOES explain this feature, however as the documentation mostly consists of a picture of the headset with a bunch of lines coming off each button explaining what it is, I just missed this earlier. Again, one of those things that is not straightforward nor easily noticed).Some minor gripes about the headset: It only sits in the charger with the mic boom swiveled straight up. In addition, the mic boom only swings one direction so you are always required to have it on the left side of your head. The headset, while loud, seems to have a volume limiter in it, so it definitely cannot get earshatteringly loud, at least not when I tried it, although if the source has an independent volume control you may be able to overcome that. Theres very little documentation to explain what some of the lights mean on the base.Pros:Great sound (with DD turned off)ComfortablePremium experienceWirelessMagnetic Charging DockCons:- Micro-USB connectivity (honestly in this world of USB Type-C Im not sure why anything still comes with Micro-USB)- Extremely poor documentation (Im sure they thought it was cool to have each button and feature laid out on a giant picture of the headset, but honestly it takes studying to find each feature, not helped by the fact it isnt just listed in a bulleted format)- Dolby Digital audio is muddy- Equalizer options are not explained and mostly useless- Extremely short cables (both the USB and TOSLINK cables are 3ft (1m))- There are 2 forms of this headset the PS4/PC and XBOX/PC. In this day and age Im not really sure why they needed 2 different headsets, feels like a money grab. As I have both consoles, I find I can only use this on one of them.Honestly, I would recommend this headset to anyone looking for a decent wireless headset for console or PC gaming (just be sure you buy the correct version for your console). The wireless functionality and audio are great, and really there are no perfect headsets out there. This one is well made and works well, albeit with a few minor drawbacks.
I dont know how they did it, but they did. They made my personal favorite headset even better. And when I say my favorite headset, I dont only mean for gaming. I use A50s for ALL my audio and have for years. Ill get more into that later. Just a note, when Im comparing previous A50s that will be based on the 2nd generation. To start once I unboxed it I immediately noticed the improved look and build. The build quality and attention to detail is awesome. Like I said Ive been using A50s (mainly 2nd Gen) for years and loved those as well. But theyve brought it up more than a few notches here. The improved materials used have made the look, and more importantly the feel even better. When first trying them on I noticed that they are a perfect fit for my large head, but I have to use the largest setting to get this fit. But like I said I have a very large head. The button configuration and layout is almost the same with the outer right cup having the voice and chat volume settings as before which makes it very easy to quickly adjust these to get the perfect mix of voice and sound mid game. The power button is in the same place as before but is larger and has a much easier “click” on and off. Below that is the Dolby button (moved from being located on the transmitter on the 2nd Gen). This also makes it much easier to adjust this since its now right on your head instead of where ever you installed the 2nd gen transmitter. Directly below that is the EQ preset switch which is now a button rather than a slider. The main volume is located in the same place as before and feels very similar and smooth. The mic design has been revised but still has the excellent flip to mute as before. It stays in place and has no sag, so will stay where you want it. So overall it didnt take long to get used to the new A50s. Everything is pretty much the same common sense layout with the EQ being a button now, and the Dolby button on the headset now. The base station is a huge improvement over the Gen 2s. Mainly because it doubles as the stand as well. The Gen 2 stands (although functional) took up a lot more space. On the back of the base station is a PC/PS4 toggle, charging and power USB ports, optical in and out, an AUX port, and the main Micro USB that powers it up and connects to your console or PC. The base stations LED display is simple and easy to understand, with just enough info to know your settings, battery level, etc. without being complicated or having more info than necessary. The overall feel on the head is very comfortable. The plush ear and upper headband allows for long sessions of use without any discomfort. They basically weigh the same. I weighed them vs. the Gen 2s and the Gen 2 was 13.1 oz, and the new ones 13 oz. Not a noticeable difference, but I never felt that the A50s were heavy anyway. Ive always been able to use for many hours with no "heavy head", or neck pain.  Set up was easy since I already had the USB and optical cables running to the Gen 2 TX, so it was just a matter of swapping out the cables. Connected the optical and the Micro USB from the console to the base station and that was it. Once it was all connected I switched the toggle in the back from PC to PS4, then set the headset on the base station to charge. It has a 4 LED system to indicate charge level (25, 50, 75, 100%). It started at the first LED so basically from almost dead to full in a few hours. The next step was to set up the PS4 settings. So into the PS4 settings/ audio devices/ then make sure the input and output is set to “Astro A50”. For me it had done this automatically. So couldnt have been more simple.  Once charged it was time to test. The EQ has 3 presets to choose from out of the box. (Astro, Pro, and Studio). But these and a lot more can be customized using the Astro command center software. On my Gen 2s I always just chose the #1 which was media.  Battery life. This one is 2nd to me as the most important thing to consider with these. As I stated in the beginning I dont only use A50s for only gaming. Ive had A LOT of different headsets and none have ever sounded as good as A50s, and Im not just saying that, but Ill get more into that when I talk about the sound. The Gen 2s would get on average about 5-6 hours of time before beeping telling me to charge them. Well unless you want to have a long cord hanging from your head and defeating the purpose of a wireless headset the other option is a 2nd headset. So that is how Ive done things for years. While one is charging Im using the other. This has worked, but Ive always wanted a better, less complicated solution. That solution was the 15+ hours that the new generation of A50s give you. So far I havent had an issue where I ran out of battery and was still using the A50s. And with the new base station set up its SO MUCH easier to charge now. No longer having to manually connect the USB cable over and over each time. Just set the headset on the station while not it use. This way they have plenty of juice and are ready to go when you need them. This alone makes these worth the upgrade. But there is so much more than just an improved battery life and charging method.  Now onto the most important factor and that is of course sound. Like I said I use A50s for all my audio. That means of course all my console gaming, but basically anything that comes from my TV. Thats my laptop, Direct TV, Netflix, PS4, other consoles, etc. They just sound amazing. So much so that Ive used the A50s sound as my benchmark for any other headphones, or headsets Ive used. And like I said in the title they made the best even better. I dont know how to explain it, but they just sound perfect. Amazing lows, explosions and gun shots in games and movies are powerful. Crystal clear voice, mids, highs, etc. Not only are they the best sounding headset Ive ever used they are even better now that you can tweak the sound to your hearts consent. You no longer have only a few EQ choices. You can create, edit, save, and even share your custom EQ settings, or download someone elses if theyve already found that perfect mix youre searching for. Chat is just as good as before. I never had and issues with the mic, and that is the same here. Everything is clear, easy to hear, (and be heard). And Ill mention it again. I LOVE the flip to mute/ unmute. Just makes sense, and works great.  So if you cant tell I absolutely love the new A50s. Improved look, build quality, sound, customization, battery life, charging method and more. Ive found my new headset for all my audio. So for me its a easy one solution for all my audio needs. Highly recommended not only for gaming, but much much more.
