Be forewarned, it can be difficult to figure out which generation of the A50 you’re getting. For this generation, there are two color schemes, set according to the console system they’re compatible with. One is named “Gray,” which has a gold color accent on the side and is compatible with the Xbox One system. The other is “Black,” which has silver/grey color accent for PS4 systems. With the two having almost similar colors, it can be tricky finding out which is which based on the picture alone. The color/model reviewed here is Black for the PS4 system. Audio experience is expected to be the same on both models. Usability experience, however, will be different. Both models are technically compatible for use on PC systems.Testing and review will be done on a PlayStation 4 Pro and a laptop PC. While audio experience should be the same on both platforms, a short test run on PC will be done to confirm whatever findings I have on the PS4 side. Since the headset has a firmware, everything is reviewed using whatever firmware was shipped and arrived at the time of composing. This is to accommodate those who may not have access to a desktop computer for updating its firmware. (Yes, I know that may be hard to believe. But you have to take in any/all possibilities into consideration.)Connecting the base (charging) station to the PS4 is straightforward. Like many high-end headsets, audio is connected using the included TOSLINK cable. Upon doing a bit of research, users of PS4 “slim” models can still use the headset. There are some workarounds from using a HDMI splitter to using the TV’s audio pass-thru. But these are all workarounds and not very optimal. Your mileage will vary due to the PS4 Slim having no optical audio output.Borderlands: Handsome Collection, Blue Reflection, FEZ, and Deux Ex: Human Revolution were given short play runs to check on audio quality. While I’d like to test Borderlands 2 and Deux Ex more, I am completely incapable of adapting to first person shooters. For audio, all the games I’ve played sounds okay. There isn’t anything that really stood out due to being limited to stereo channels. This is a drawback to using the A50 on the PS4. Xbox One owners can use Dolby Atmos for virtual surround sound. While this may seem like a minor feature discrepancy, it’s still better than nothing on the PS4.Aside from games, some music tracks on Spotify and a short viewing of Avengers: Infinity War were used to check the audio output quality. Like before, nothing really stood out. Although, having listened to music a lot as of late, the headphones does lean a little on the bass. But it is tolerable to not drown out other frequency bands.To check if there is any audible difference between PS4 and PC, I connected the base station to a laptop. The audio is handled through USB and setup is fairly simple and straightforward. Out of the box, the headset and base station works without needing to download any additional software. Installing the “Astro Command Center” (ACC hereafter) provides some additional options to tweaking or customizing the headset. The version installed is v1.0.195 and the user interface, along with options available, is very basic and minimal. There’s little to customise outside of EQ levels and presets. ACC by itself is very limiting in that there’s no way to manually check for software update or even firmware update. There is a way to manually update the firmware but all it does is bring up the file picker prompt. The software lacks the kind of polish that is seen in other brands. The window itself unnecessarily wastes a lot of space with its blank areas scattered throughout. Tweaking EQ levels is slow and unresponsive. And the other EQ presets that came installed with the software is different than what’s on the headset itself. In my attempt to arrange the EQ presets in a different order, I lost the original “Astro” presets that is set on the headset. And lastly, ACC refuses to display anything unless you have the base station connected. This makes offline tweaking and configuring impossible. So with the software criticisms out of the way, let’s get to hearing how it all sounds.There’s a certain level of audio fidelity to expect from a gaming headset costing $299.99. Sadly, it doesn’t live up to the price and it certainly did not live up to expectations. The EQ presets that were installed on the headset did not help any, even when set to “Studio” profile where the EQ levels are neutral/flat. Even after trying out other EQ presets, they did not help the audio any. It’s difficult to describe how it sounds. Perhaps it’s muffled? Muted? Lackluster? It produces decent sound but it definitely does not sound great. I guess the best way to describe it is that it sounds cheap. No amount of EQ tinkering could ever help to make it sound better.The supposed “Dolby” feature on the headset doesn’t help make it any better. In music or movies, and perhaps other medium, it adds a bit of reverb that is unnecessary. Due to how the headset sounds up front, the Dolby effect doesn’t help make it any better. The media I tested wasn’t bad either, since I tested both lossy compression via Spotify streaming and FLAC playback from my personal collection.Music and movie playback is the bar I set since the audio is consistent. Games, however, has a variety of elements that makes it hard to determine if the headset is good or not. For the most part, playing games with the headset sounds average, just like on the PS4. There isn’t anything that stood out due to the lackluster audio fidelity found from listening to music. If any, most people probably won’t notice anything good or bad when gaming.Due to limited time and uncooperative schedule, I am unable to gather how good the microphone is to other people. Windows 10’s built in voice recorder, however, allows me to test how well the microphone performs. After recording a few samples and speaking into it, I find that the microphone doesn’t pick up voice well. I had to physically adjust the microphone so that it’s very close to my mouth for it to pick up a decent level. Otherwise, it’ll likely sound very quiet. Even with the microphone close to the mouth, you probably need to adjust the volume to hear it. There’s no microphone gain boost on Windows 10 for this headset. So there’s no way to increase the volume of the voice recording. If the microphone is this bad, then I cannot imagine how bad it is on the PS4.And now for the bad things about the headset. No, what I described earlier aren’t the bad things. Those were criticisms on the performance of the headset. To start, there is no surround sound capability at all. It’s completely stereo through and through. Dolby Atmos is available only on the Xbox One model. As to whether or not this is a limitation of the PS4 or the headset is unknown to me. Still, this is a feature discrepancy between the two platforms and makes the Xbox One version the superior model in that respect.The included cables felt cheap and thin. The TOSLINK optical cable is the worst of the two. It’s thin and feels so fragile that one bad bend could break the cable itself. The USB cable isn’t any better and also feels cheap on hand. For a high-end headset designed for console systems, you kind of expect that the included cables would be better than this.The headset came with no charge at all, thus you cannot turn it on and start using it. Most rechargeable devices I’ve encountered had some level of charge when they leave the factory. This did not have any. This delayed testing due to having to charge the headset before using it.This is a small headset. I do not consider myself having a large head. But this is strangely small to me because of how much I needed to adjust to fit my head -- very little. Out of the box, the headset is at its maximum size. But to fit me, I only need to go down one line notch on both sides. If you’re considering this headset, I highly recommend finding a display model in store and trying it before purchasing. Do not blind-purchase it thinking it’ll fit your head.The Dolby feature matters next to nothing for this headset. When connected to a PC, it becomes a negative aspect. On the PS4 side, I do not hear any discernible difference between having it on or off. Both platforms just doesn’t have the kind of audio fidelity I’m expecting for a headset this expensive.So in the end, the A50 isn’t worth the asking price. At $299.99, I can easily find a premium studio-like headphone, albeit wired, that has far superior sounds, better sound stage, and is comfortable to wear for hours on end. The cheap cables, sup-par audio fidelity, weak microphone, it all doesn’t add up to what it’s worth. The lack of virtual surround sound doesn’t help its case when compared to the other platform. As a gamer, I care more about audio fidelity over many things. It’s just unfortunate that, after all the media tests and several short gaming sessions, all I heard was an overpriced stereo headset.Verdict: Nope.
