My Son Loves Them So That’s All That Matters!!
Good quality but sometimes, despite having the mic pointed as far up as possible it doesnt mute. Also, its a bit heavy. Other than that Ive had no problems
My son uses it for his Xbox One
My depressed friend said she likes it and that they cured her depression. She was especially a fan of the fact that the cloth ear cups quote, "kept her from getting TOO wet." They also helped dry her tears, apparently. So definetely would reccomend, especially if you hate yourself.
I can hear everything great. Sounds in gaming pop out can hear footsteps and shooting near me. The microphone however cannot be adjusted to sit in front of your mouth and is very silent on my teams end. If you hold the mic close to your mouth it works fantastically, but when youre WASD moving you dont have time to reach up and hold your mic to your mouth. Really wish it would configure into place properly.
I love these headsets and got a used one, still in perfect condition thank you
Best purchase I made so far for headsets. Bought the PlayStation platinums and those were making other people hear echos. These are true the headband didn’t break over 3 months now. All my other headsets break over time taking it on and off
I hear EVERYTHING!
Headset came in like new condition with instructions. Comfortable fit. I can use these for hours without ear aches
The headset is very durable however the cord is not not a big deal sound quality is very good but not the best I have heard
I was skeptical about these headphones because a lot people were saying that the mics were not working but all I had to do was turn push to talk off! Great headphones, highly recommend.
It gets nice and loud with out being distorted, the mic is good and the flip-to-mute function is always nice, its over the ear and the earmuffs are SUPER soft, I can wear this thing for hours without a problem.
So far all I’ve gotten from my friends is “yo your mic is so clear” the sound seems good hard for me to judge coming from tv audio to headset, doesn’t seem to be too great in pinpointing footsteps. Heavier than expected but good quality. Only reason 4 stars is idk what a 5 star pair of headphones are, and they got $5 cheaper since i bought them 3 days ago..
This is my second time owning this headset, really durable and high quality build, one star down because of the delivery package was really bad, the seller didn’t bother about packing it into a proper package I am lucky the actual product was not damaged.
Best headset Ive ever owned, perfect for tactical games where you need to hear precise locations of sounds.  Friends say my Mic is crisp and clear.  Super comfortable and durable, Ive had my pair for 3 years and only had to replace the cable because it wore out from constantly being unplugged and replugged into my ps4 and pc which was only a $10 replacement on the astro website. Such a good headset I had to get a pair for my girlfriend as well.  Cant recommend these enough.
Super comfortable, incredible sound quality, well worth the price. People tell me I sound crystal clear on the other end, and I can wear these for hours on end.
Sound Quality and as well as a great mic.
Bought for my Xbox One. Worked well.
Headset works good  great sound. Got a bad one but still great product and looks sharp
We are very happy with the quality and the style of this headset, would definitely buy again!  Great product!
Great product. Like new just like the ad says
Good speaker and mic quality for gaming. Less so for music, but as a gaming headset this will suit you well. Very comfortable; no fatigue after long gaming sessions.
Best headset Ive used in a long time. Had issues with it at first but that was user error. Just had to make sure my cables were properly connected. Definitely would but again.
I highly recommend these for anybody on a budget. Great audio, reliable mic, not cheaply made.  All in all a good purchase.
Great headset.  I use it for rainbow 6 siege and it is great for surround sound, which is very important to anybody who seriously plays the game.  Mic quality is excellent and would highly recommend to an intermediate console gamer
These headphones are really loud but didn’t have the crisp audio quality i was searching for, If you dont mind that go ahead that was my only dislike. The headphones are really comfortable and light.
really good gift for annoying brothers!!
Ive had this pair of headset for a couple of days now and they sound great. I had old turtle beaches from a long time back when I played the xbox one wasnt out yet. ( I got the blue one cause of the color, didnt want green) These are so much better than my old turtle beaches and I dont have to connect them to the usb port of the xbox, just into the 3.5 jack of my controller. For the price, you cant beat these. One last note, you can definitely tell a difference from the right and left so this would be good for online shooters.
I have a pretty big head and it fits me fine. The audio quality is great, much better than my previous Turtle Beach headset and at half the price. The cable from the controller to the headset is pretty long, but its not too annoying. Overall Im very happy with this product.
I liked the fit of the headband and the clear sound and depth of the game!
The last I bought was a $40 turtle beach headset (don’t know name) and after my dog ate up the cord I learned about Astro. I then found this headset and I liked the fact that I’d your cord is chewed up, you can just plug another one back in. Also the speaker is the same in a $300 headset(also don’t know that name) and yea, I’m just writing this just to make the ratings go up a bit because this thing is awesome!
This is my first gaming headset and overall I’m happy with the purchase. The fabric at the top of the headset is nicely padded but isn’t long enough so it puts pressure on one part of your head. This can lead to discomfort. My other gripe is that it is a bit big for my head, but it hasn’t tried to fall off from normal moving around. But for price it is it isn’t a bad headset; it sounds great and can work for playstation and Xbox even if it says it’s for one or the other. I wasn’t able to get the Xbox one so I own the playstation “version”. Works perfectly with my Xbox One S.
They work great
Product is good for a casual gamer who doesn’t want too much money. The build quality is great and they look great aswell. The only problem I have is there is only a little cushion on the band, so after an hour or two it starts to feel slightly uncomfortable.
Can make out footsteps and direction of noice
100% great!
Great Headset worth every penny.
Ive always love this compnay. My dad has the a50s and now I have the a10 and for $28 I thought it wouldnt work that well but its in really great condition and i love it thank you.
This is my first set of Astro’s and they are amazing! For only $60 I didn’t expect much but I feel the quality is much better than the PlayStation gold headset I had before them. Durable and comfortable. The mic is great at canceling background noise as well!
Works great has good lows other then the weight of them they are a great buy
My son loves his Christmas gift
Good sound, strong construction and fit is comfortable
Love the set
Great headphones my son loves them
Excelente producto, gran sonido y es muy resistente, el diseo de call Of Duty es el mejor.
Bought this for my brother and he is now apart of the Astro gaming industry! ofcourse i have the A40 Mixamp pro, but any astro headset you will be extremely satisfied. Although its in the name itself, ASTRO! an outer space experience!
I really liked how flexible these headphones are. I could wear them for hours on end and not feel any weight on my ears, or any type of discomfort. Sort of noise cancelling too!
Coming from the official Microsoft Xbox Stereo headset, the A10 is a huge improvement.  Whats interesting is they are the same price. Heres my simple review, the audio quality of the A10 isnt that great for anything other that gaming.  They are easily worse than all my other headphones and earbuds for things like music.  But, when it comes to games, the A10 are punchy in all the right places.  Dialogue is clear and gunfire has impact.  When Astro says they are tuned for gaming, they are correct.  Playing Battle Royale games is immensely better as you can hear footsteps easily, pinpoint the direction of gunfire accurately, and easily hear your squadmates over the action.  Astro really did their homework in the tuning for gaming department. Other things that are a must for me is the lift to mute mic, which is also the same great mic that Astro put on their high end headsets.  I also very much like the inline volume control, I can easily compensate for the volume of different game without having to go into the menu system. In summary, if youre looking for a great all around headset for everything you do on your console from gaming to entertainment, this might not be it.  If you just want to improve your gaming without spending a ton on money, the A10 is a great choice. They are also fairly comfortable.
So far my boyfriend loves them! He can hear in every direction of the game. He is playing Apex Legends right now. Also he said the comfortable. They really drown out the background noise. Glad I bought them . I can sleep now without hearing the game on tv! 
When I received this headset, I was experiencing audio cutting in and out when I would play any sound through them. I contacted their customer support and they immediately responded and sent out a new headset which arrived very quickly! The new headset does work perfect and has great sound quality. Only reason why Im not giving a 5 star is because Ive noticed the headset makes the top of my head ache at some points so I have to take it off for a bit. Otherwise, great product and customer service!
Although Im not an audiophile I believe the sound quality is awesome. Seems to be made out of durable materials as well. The ear fatigue is why I deducted a star.
Got this for my son and he loves it. Very strong and they sound great. They are for his Xbox.
This head set is a great buy for the price! They got my son back hardcore into his gaming.
Great sound quality
I bought these for my sons birthday and he loves them. They have surround sound and you can determine direction of foot steps and gun shots.
This is a real customer reply amazing headset and cheap
Great product
It is a Great product and the sound is good quality for the price. I Dislike the heaviness of the headset. Makes long hours of gaming very uncomfortable. As well wish the headset had an option where I could adjust the chat of people vs game volume. Instead of going too the main menu too adjust all the time.
Ive been using Astro a40s and the mixamp for a decade now and theyve never let me down. I bought this as a quick headset for my upstairs xbox and it works great. The reason for 4 stars is that 1. I like my headset to breath a bit more and allow noise in if I want it, this headset makes it hard to hear anything around you and 2. I do get discomfort on around my ears after a couple hours of continued use.
Good headset for the price. I dont have any problem with the device
Muy buenos audífonos, los he usado para bf1 y es increíble como se escuchan los pasos y la dirección de donde provienen aunque a veces en ciertos juegos parece que no tienen el volumen suficiente aunque son los mejores audífonos que he tenido, mejor que los de play station y turtle beach de $100.
Great head sets very comfortable and very good audio
Amazing headset that is really comfortable and has great sound quality and mic sound is adjustable too.Overall very pleased.
Grandson loves them.
I don’t think there’s any need to go into great depths here. Gaming headsets should do two things well.  First the sound quality is very good and clear with deep bass that can immerse you into your experience giving it that extra punch.  To me it sounds very balanced. The mids are not recessed while the highs are not overdone and shrill.  I would say the overall clarity is much better than most inexpensive gaming headsets. Second the mic is very clear and mutes when you flip it to the vertical position. The only complaint I have is that they chose to make the ear cups a strange shape. Other than being round or oval shaped to fully cover your ear the bottom of the ear cup is a horizontal shape which can make it uncomfortable after long sessions. A small issue but everyone has a different shaped head and ears. Overall very pleased. I am a 33 year old male that has been gaming since I was a kid if that means anything.  I’ve noticed some of these online reviews are from parents saying oh yeah it’s great my kid loves it. That doesn’t say much for someone that plans on using it themselves.  I do have higher end headphones with the DACs and amps.  I’m used to listening to music and such on higher end equipment. I wanted a gaming headset with good enough sound quality and I was not disappointed.
This is a headset worth getting in store it would be 60 bucks and these are well worth that. Beautiful sounld hard to break and great bass. The mic is reallygood as well. Its worth every penny
My grandson loves this.
Great sound and comfort!
Excellent headphones! Previously had turtle beach, but upgraded to these for gaming on my PS4. Sounds are amazing for hearing a lot of detail while exploring open worlds or hearing footsteps in BF1 and BF4.
Fits comfy and works very good. I like how you raise the mic up and it mutes you so convenient. Flexible and durable
Its a great budget solution. Good quality sounds. Only bad thing is it hurts the top of your head after playing for 45 mins for me
Love the headset. Works better than I could’ve imagined. My only complaint is that it’s not very kind if you wear earrings like me, constantly getting them stuck in the ear pads
It is comfortable and easy to use, just make sure to connect it carefully.  the audio is outstanding.
Perfect sound and durability, no need for anything else. I have it plugged on the usb cable that came with the sony silver headset and OMG the sound its amazing (plus you get the virtual surround and sony headset app tweaks on ps4).
If you are heavily into video games, playing up to 2-3 hours at a time, but are trying to decide on what to buy on a tight budget, this Astro A10 gaming headset should definitely be under your consideration. This headset will assure you durability, quality, and comfortability along with a sleek design.  I have accidently dropped these multiple times, and you couldnt even find a scratch on them. You can drop these A10’s multiple times without a worry of having to get yourself another pair. In terms of quality, you cant really find a better pair that out-performs this headset within the same price range. You can tell right from putting them on, and experiencing the sound in-game, that it is going to change your gaming experience forever. You will be able to hear things easier, with more clarity and great volume. When you put these A10s on, you will feel how comfortable it sits on your head and ears, it also has a large range of adjustability if you have a fairly small or large head. Along with the adjustment heights, you also have thick memory foam ear cushions. Other minor characteristics that you will find quite enjoyable include flip-to-mute mic, and the 3.5mm audio jack, so you can go from gaming, to using this headset on your laptop, or phone. If I were to state one negative characteristic about this product, would be the ear hole size. If you have a larger set of ears than most, you might have a slight problem with the fitting around your ears, which can make the product feel a bit too snug. But I consider my ears to be big, and I dont have any problems, it could just be a close call for you if you have very large ears. At the end of the day, if you are a profound gamer, who enjoys a sturdy headset, impressive quality and comfort when it comes to your gaming needs all while on a budget, you can find the Astro A10 to be a good option.
This headset works well with the X One. Nice sound. Picks up back ground sounds the TV misses. Very durable. Dropped a few times and sat on. Just a little on the heavy side.  I have to take it off every hour or so. Maybe thats not a bad thing.
Got this for my brother as a gift, but he couldnt even use it when he got it because the cord was defective. I was afraid it was the whole headset, but I tested it with the cord from my own astro headset and it worked perfectly. his cord did not work with my headset either. had to purchase a new cord so he didnt need mine anymore. other than that same great quality I expected.
Amazing headset for the price and extremely durable. Im the type of person to just throw things when I lose like a game of fortnite but these definitely withstand that cause of its durability also no echoing and friends on xbox say that the sound is crisp and perfect and even thought they were like 150$
The headset is very high quality. Has a really comfortable weight and feel. All around the best headset I have ever used. The flip to mute is perfect and works great. I am mostly impressed by customer service. The wire I had broke making the connection bad and I emailed them about it. Right away they responded and they sent me a brand new wire that got here within a week.
Had only owned turtle beach headsets up to this point. Really impressed with the quality of the Astros. Will continue to buy in the future.
1st set had lots of static, exchanged and new pair seem to be good so far!
The best headset that you can buy, I look many other options but when I try them on and hear what the speaker insaide coud make the smile in my face was said to said, I have friend that play the hall day with Logitech or Sony PlayStation gold but when they try them on we’re very impress with the quality of the sound and the quality of the materials, I use them for ps4 and pc, the battery of the control is not affected for the connection Thad was something that I look very deep when I chose them .the red one come with the splitter I said the box.
They are great and very comfortable and they look very nice great for the price i went from a cheaper no brand headset to this and these are amazing. i also had turtle beach x50 and these are way better.
Good
My son was extremely excited over these headphones. He’s a huge gamer and says these are the ones to own.
We purchased these headphones for our 16 year old grandson who is technology savvy. I asked him to rate them. He said the directions need improvement; that the setup was challenging. He would rate the headphones 4 out of 5 stars.
Excellent product!!!!  Our son loves his and uses it everyday!  Best purchase I made for Christmas. Lol
I had a pair of old gen Astro A50’s my father gifted to me years ago, I jut got these last week and I have been playing Rainbow Six Siege and you can hear everything. You have to push in the cord hard so that the mic and sound works.
Extreamly satisfied with the quality sound and structure of this headset. I highly recommend them for your gaming experience. Aslo really comfortable to wear. Can barely tell they are there.
You will hear footsteps!
Perfect
Build quality is great  Its the best Bang for your buck for gaming but not so much for music
was a little comprehensive because ive never spent that much on a headset only buying cheap chat headset but the sound is phenomenal and the feel very sturdy the cord that connects it to the controller is very long so if you ever drop you controller it wont rip it off you head
For the price, it’s one of the best headsets i’ve owned. I use it on my Playstation 4 and the only complaint i have is the mic. It sounds really dull but it works. The sound is decent, they’re SUPER flexible, and they are pretty comfortable. If you need a headset for gaming, but don’t want to spend too much, these are an awesome pair.
Amazing product for a fair price. The sound quality is extremely good for a $60 headset it feels like you have a premiyheadset.
At first I thought I got a broken one but tried again & has worked ever since I opened it.
Very nice gaming headphones for a cheap price honestly better than most expensive pairs
Works really well. Will also help me in my grind to be a pro gamer.
Great headset, super durable, and I would highly recommend!
Mi hijo está encantado se escucha bien y para la Play es suficiente.
Works great, my son wears it all the time. No complaints
For the price, they are fantastic. Great sound and very durable.
Good quality!
perfect gaming headphone
Amazing
6 months later and he is still using this daily !
Excellent
I love them, I use them everyday. Ive had them for months and they definitely fit the description. Very comfortable, I can wear them for 15 hours straight without ear discomfort (not an exaggeration on the hours) only problem is that they dont keep sound in as well as other headphones might, and noise outside of them sounds even louder sometimes. But I still love them.
Works  very well for the price
I previously owned one before and it was the Call of Duty edition. However, I didnt like the color. So, I got blue color instead. The headphones are very comfortable on the ears. For a 40mm headphone, Im surprised that the sound is very loud as its equal to the Afterglow AG9+ stereo volume. It can retract to your own fitting. And also, it is very durable as hell!!! Its hard to break a headphone like this...
Great headphones. Bought for use to play Apex on PS4. Can hear footsteps from far. Mic is great have to lower mic volume cause it picks up everything. Would definitely buy again. Only minus is that ear cups can be small depending on ear size. Mine just fit. Otherwise solid gaming headset.
Good deal
Very good all around.
works great
Very good sound and good mic quality
These headphones are perfect
I’ve been wearing turtle beaches for 5 years and I hated to have to repeatedly buy new ones because they broke so much. I was looking for a quality headset for a resonalble price and this is just that. I’ve had this headset for 7 months now and it works great. I broke the AUX part that goes into the controller because I dropped it and had to replace it. Given that you take care of your headset better than I do, this will definitely be worth it.
They are amazing my husband instantly fell in love with them
For the quality these should cost 3x the price!
Very impressive for the price I can hear everything through this Mic footsteps while playing fps.  The quality is amazing
Boyfriend loves it!
Purchased for my son to use with his gaming systems & he loves this headset!
It is the best headset ever so comfortable
Love it fits nice easy to use
For the price not bad at all!!!
I really like the headset and how comfortable it is. Mic works like a charm and my friends can hear me perfectly. The one downside is the audio. Its so low. I have to turn my PS4 audio all the way up. The audio that I do hear isnt bad; I can still get a clue of where people are. I checked both ends of the cable to see if they were plugged in incorrectly, but they were in pretty locked in to the headset and controller. Everything works fine, but the audio needs some tuning.
Love it
My son loves it!
Husband likes them. Have to be plugged in the proper way or you won’t hear right
Very good for gaming and working with PS4
Started using these today and the sound quality is great.  I plugged the cord right in to my Xbox one s controller and immediately had sound.  There’s a volume control right on the cable that plugs the headphones in to the controller, so convenient.  At $60 this is a good buy.  A buddy of mine has the wireless A20 and the sound quality is the same.  He paid twice as much for the wireless set than I paid for this wired set.  For me having a cable connected between the headphones and the game controller is not a problem.
Good wood
These sound great and the ear cups are super comfy! The built-in mic is also nice that it can be muted by just flipping it up. The headset is also very durable, it is built very well. The only reason it did not get 5* is that the headband can cause discomfort after a couple of hours of straight gaming!
Great headset. Quality of sound is great with deep bass. Cord is sturdy. Probably the best quality in general of all headsets Ive had compared to other brands. That being said the one big negative is not being able to switch off your mic. There is no button for this. Would be great to have a switch like most of the other headsets.
At first I was about to return these.. I couldnt get the mic going couldnt hear nothing but the game.. But after watching YouTube I got them going and they sound fantastic. So clear sounds with game and voice.. I am happy with the product these will last for now but I Plan on buying a wireless set soon
This headset works great after we had to find the old adapter which we tossed in the dumpster.  Which is my only complaint it did not come with an adapter to fit on the controller.
I was thoroughly impressed with this headset, the moment I put them on and started playing I feel in love. Great product for a great price
Everything I expected
My friends say it is a huge upgrade from a $20 headset i had previously rich sounds no negatives
Works really well! Sounds great! Was able to work really well with my xbox one. This product is totally worth it.
Pressure point on top of head but bearable, doesnt come with chat mixer but you can adjust in xbox menu, happy with the sound and Mic is excellent kd has definatly improved this is my first head set Im happy
Put in a solid 3 hours and the sound is great. Adds a new level of gameplay to hear where things are coming from so clearly. Theyre beefy construction wise. Im happy with the 60 bucks tax included I spent.
Exelente todo salió bien grasias
Amazing!!!!!
Perfect!
Good sound quality, very comfortable. A little heavy though.
I love these.  I use them to play on my Xbox and the sound is great.  I have also never had a problem with the mic.  The only issue is that the headset really hurts the top of my head after 30 minutes or so.  I catch myself adjusting them a lot solely for that reason alone but other than that these are great.
its a very good product ,came in original packing , unopened and sound quality at next level , very fast delivery (delivey was sopposed to be on 19 - 24 came on 17 aternoon ,two days before) good headphone for gaming at cheap price. recommended to buy
Love astro and love how they made a cheap and good headset
Pretty decent gaming headphones.
My favorite headset of all time, me and my husband both have a pair and havent had any problems with them.
Nice headset. Its got decent sound quality, banger microphone, and it has lasted for a long while now. Would recommend although I have some nitpicks. 1. Its super bulky so no points for style, 2. It gets a bit warm. Everything else is good!
very nice headset, the sound is crisp and bass isnt too overwhelming. You can tell when someone is in front/behind or right/left of you. its very comfortable and extremely durable. The mic up to mute feature is a nice addition to this budget headset and you can always tell when youre muted. This headset brings the most bang for your buck and will last you a really long time.
Nice
Amazing
THis headset is so nice I love it because my turtle beach one broke in 2 days it’s aturdy and hard great for raging!
Best headset for the price
I purchased a “like new” for $30 & to be honest, these sound like my friend’s Astro A40s. Good bass, Mic works good.  The bad if you wear glasses the cushions for the ears are so big that they are impossible not to be in the way. So I have to either wear my glasses tucked into my headphones causing it to be very uncomfortable or put them above the ear cushion causing my glasses to go at a 90 degree angle downwards which also doesn’t work....... So I just sit close to my tv now .................. Also They arent so lightweight ...and kinda bigger than what I was expecting......./ butt fur the price and quality (of $30) you can’t beat it.  4.65/5
I cant believe how durable it is I broke one of the ears phones out, but with enough force was able to snap it back in looking like new. I really saved money here.
Great sound quality, and comfortable. Great for the price but if you have a high budget and your trying to win every gunfight ide advise a40s or if you don’t have a budget search up “studio headphones” they’re quite pricey and don’t come with a mic but u can always get a desktop one
Great! But they are a little small for Adults.
the headset really durable and comfortable Ive had it for about 5 months its just a great headset you should definitely buy it i play on xbox one s the sound quality is great.
Works fine
Super comfy, immersive gameplay I would buy these again for all my friends and or family that want superior gaming headphones!
Four stars due to poor connection on the aux cord. You have to fiddle with it to keep a good connection.
dont know much about them just that my grandson loves them
Great headphones good deal worth the money
Great product
Awsome product
Purchased this gaming headset for my husband. He gamies on an XBOX, Nintendo Switch & his computer. This seems to work really well for all three. I priced out the XBOX branded headsets an I just couldnt make myself purchase at that price. These come with a mouth piece so he can play and communicate with friends or other players. He really enjoys the gaming ecperience with this headset. We would purchase again & have suggested these to others as well. Great purchase for the price.
bought this as a christmas gift for my sister. she loves it.
I got these for $40 with next day delivery. The price is right these are easily $80 headphones  great for budget, sound is crisp and good bass especially when watching movies
Good purchase
Super comfortable. Works great even with glasses. Dont like how long the cord is. Had to spool it so it wouldnt hit the floor while on controller.
Durable. Decent price
My kid loved it
Works good
Great sound quality!
Got mine used, works just like it should, mine did come with a cable with a short in it but Goldstar Tech offered me a full refund but I had already ordered a cheap replacement cable that was under $10 so if you get one from them theyll refund you pretty fast if you have any issues. Only reason why its not five stars. My biggest sigh of relief was the headphones can be turned up to be almost too loud or approaching too loud. Thats important because some of these headsets never get to that level. They usually stop before you get to that max volume an ear can take. Precaution or whatever but I want to know mine can get almost too loud so thats covered. Durability seems top notch, mic sounds good, flip to mute still working well on the used pair, discomfort during long use was minimal for me. Has enough bass and spacial surroundings in-game that youll be pleased. Cant go wrong with these imo unless you want and need a wireless headset. Finally my small search is done and I can enjoy gaming while drowning out the other room. ;)
my son loves it
Good product.
Allows for audio to indicate the location through the headset (ie foot steps coming from the left ear phone only, if that is the noises origin)
Helps keep background noise down and increased in game sounds.
Hurts head a little after a while. Other then that it’s amazing!
I use them for my xbox and they’re great they are better than the turtle beach one.
THE TRUTH: Forget all the bad reviews, headset came in 3 days ago and it’s PERFECT. Volume overall on the headset is a little low, but that ain’t nothing. I love the color (I got the blue 1) I’ll keep y’all up to date. November 18 2018. Headset is still good nothing wrong with it extremely durable even after dropping it a couple of time, no problems at all.
Great quality, sturdy build!
I’ve had it for a while and it’s been working fine. The sound quality is great but my only complaint is that even when your mic is muted the people you’re gaming with can hear this weird muffled shuffling when you grab your headset again so it gives away that you’re back if you had excused yourself. Not a bad enough problem to give it 4 stars but it is very annoying.
Awesome!
People tell me my mic cuts in and out. The sound does that sometimes to I just got it ok for price
Works perfect. Love the mute function. Super easy and fits real nice.
My son had a Turtle Beach and some of his friends recommended this product, He is very happy with the sound and mic. I am much happier with the price.
Bought for my sons Xbox one he loves it said it’s the best Headset he’s own!!!
Good
The sound is good but these hurt my head. They dont fit right. It gives me a headache if I have them on to long. I perfer Turtle Beach
Super fast work amazing will buy again
Faster shipping would have been nice
The cord is long enough for me to set my controller down and drive to the store with my headset still on. The sound is great, you can really hear a mahhfka tryin to sneak up on you n shiiit.
Great
It is occasionally hard to hear others talking
Great product but the only flaw in it is the humongous audio jack for the headset but other than that it’s awesome and worth the buy.
Preeety Goooood
Great set
My son likes them
So far so good. Kids usually go through cheaper headsets every couple months. This one has lasted far longer. Sound is great.
Great product. Just as described. Happy with my purchase.
Possibly the most durable feeling headset I have ever used. The fit and comfort is great, although they are a bit on the heavy side, but again that helps add to the durability.
great headset
Bought for my husband for Christmas, he loves them.
Fye for gaming but the cord is like 6 feet long
Awesome sound quality. The make of the headphones are very comfortable and soft super soft. For a person who wears glasses thats a must. functionality of multiple devices thats a plus. Overall five stars.
For my son
It’s very good but very long cable
Works great and very comfortable. My one critic would be you cant switch sides with the mic.
Great product. Audio quality is top notch. The mic also cancels out background noise. Its like it able to tell the difference between your voice and your game or movie. Only bad thing I have to say is that after wearing them for a while it hurts your ears. Otherwise great product.
Great product sound quality is excellent and you can hear everything well and no echo from the mike also very comfortable.
Good headset, sound isnt decently loud. I use them for fortnite and to sound whore in rainbow six siege. They are very flexible and are very easy to work
Ive bought headsets for him before but this headset is very good and he really likes it. He came to me and told me the headset that we bought a month ago wasnt working. I thought he was talking about this one. Well I was wrong and I gave this one a bad review. Im so sorry that I got them mixed up. My grandson says this one is way better. I just had to try to explain.
Good headset for a decent price, was looking at turtle beach but the saw the reviews on this and decided to give them a shot. Audio quality is good, the only downside is that the flip to mute feature doesn’t work and when my batteries in my I trolled get low, the audio will cut out frequently
Great feel and quality parts
Awesome! Same day delivery and I couldnt be happier with my headphones. Clear sound on both ends. Very comfortable and I love the mute mic function. Splendid!
Love the sound on them.
I had an issue with it at the beginning but called customer service and they were very helpful helping my son set it up and have the speaker and microphone work.
Bought for PS4. Plug into controller with no other cables, comfortable on my head, sound quality is great. *had to go into PS4 settings, devices, and change the output from TV to headphones to hear gameplay*
Awesome headset!
Works good all around and is durable but the mic quality isnt the best, Id expect better out of $60 pair of gaming headphones. And long gaming sessions tend to get your ears really sore. The female aux on the headset is a nice touch to prevent a snagging cord from breaking your headset.
Excellent headset, great sound and light weight.
Setting this set up for the first time was different. There is one pin that is longer than the other and that one goes into the headset. It was difficult to get it seated firmly in the port but it goes into that one. The sounds quality is great. I can tell where people are walking and how far away they are. I play COD4 Blackout mostly and it has helped my game tremendously. Ive not been a avid gamer for long so Im still learning some basic stuff still. Head set is a great addition to my game.
OK to use.
Sounds great. Son loves them and have not broke yet. Best one bought yet.
Great product
I got this for my nephew and I was really surprised with how well it sounds. It fits him perfect and he says its comfortable. Doesnt squeeze or anything like that. Perfect headset to get for a kid if you arent sure if they will take care of a more expensive one.
Perfect
This headset is really comfortable and the mic quality is very good for the price. I highly recommend it
Great sound quality, microphone works and sounds good, comfortable, also like the mute feature when you lift the boom up.
I had this product for about two months now and so far headset fits comfortably, Ive had no problems with connection, the mic work great and to others it sounds great. The only issue thats keeps it being a five star product is the noise canceling, but thats just one small issue, combining the pros and cons this head set it worth the purchase.
Friends say my mic has greatly improved. Sound could be a bit louder / cleaner. I got a great deal on these at about $30 so I can’t complain.
Amazing price. Amazing sound. Amazing headset!
Works great with our Xbox!
Great sound
Worked out well, from the box and came asap
I gave them as a gift so I didnt get to test them out myself.
My son loves these. He says they are better than the wireless ones that we bought!
Love these. Way better then my 20 dollar ones. Little heavy though. All about all. Awesome.
Very good headset tried it with my Xbox one X and it worked perfectly!
Very comfortable and great sound quality for the price. Only thing I don’t like is that it isn’t wireless and the wire connecting the headset to the controller is extremely long. Only complaint though, otherwise a great product!
For the price compared to the other high end Astros, this is a great buy. Im not a fan of wireless and neither are these. The only complaint is they get uncomfortable after a few hours but overall the build quality, and sound is on par with Astros other headsets.
They very good, they cover all the basic bases of a gaming headset
The cable it comes with is really!!! Long but it works and sounds amazing. I do wish I bought the wireless one tho.
The headset is pretty comfy, has good sound quality, and a good crisp mic. Best of all it is extremely durable. I have thrown this many times and it still looks and functions perfectly. The cord is extremely long too. Overall a fantastic headset
Most underrated headset that is really cheap what else could you ask for
its a very good headset for gaming and it has really good sound so you can hear footsteps. its worth the money and is very comfortable to wear, one minor problem is that the mic quality is not very good compared to other expensive headsets.
Works great on the PS4. We tried a few other headsets and the biggest issues was the volume. This does the best job so far. They could be a little louder but they work well. Only thing we wish for is to hear your voice feedback when you speak.
Just what he wanted for Christmas. A great choice. Works great. Does what he wanted it to do!
Loved them, great sound. Thank youuuuuu!!
I paid $59 at GameStop. Aesthetically, these things look great. The packaging was done well and the item arrived without any damage.  Holding them in my hands, I immediately notice the weight.  These thing feel sturdy.  The ear cups looked a little small to be classified as over the ear.  When I put them on, my ears barely fit inside the cups.  The ear cups are mounted on a hinge, which provides a degree of articulation. The microphone lined up well. The cable provided has a gray and a black end. I found this very difficult to discern which one was which under low light. The grey end connects to the headset and the black end goes into the controller. I used these headphones with my iPhone without any problems. The music sounded good and telephone calls could be heard clearly on both ends. While gaming, these headphones initially showed promise.  In less than an hour, I came to the conclusion that theses were not going to work.  I plugged these directly into the controller and set my PS4 to play all audio through the headphones. Then, I loaded up everyone’s favorite first person shooter.  Initially, the sound quality was impressive.  After approximately 30 minutes of gameplay, I began to notice a bit of audio-clipping during scenes with a lot of activity.  Also certain weapons would cause the audio to skip when fired.  To add to this, my ears and the top of my head began to notice the weight. I went online and found others were experiencing the same issue. After a bit or research, I realized the issue was NOT a problem with the Astro A10, but with ANY wired headphones connected through the Dual Shock Controller.  In summary, I restarted my controller, my console, and tried another controller without being able to completely eliminate the problem.  I did not try connecting a mixer directly to the consoles optical port and plugging the headphones into that. Others mentioned doing this with great results! In conclusion, I gave these four stars based on the discomfort and fatigue felt after a relatively short period of gaming. I would also caution anyone using these or any other headphones directly into the controller.
Works great. Husband loves these. Says the sound quality is good and they are comfortable to wear :)
The main draw of this headset was the durability. Ive had at least 2 headsets fall apart on me in the past year due to a mixture of their lack of durability and my lack of spatial awareness. I really needed something that would be built to last, and so far, this is it. These bad boys are built like tanks. Any stress test video on Youtube can tell you that. These things can take a beating, and thats a godsend for a clumsy guy like me. Being a guy with a big head, I thought this headset would be a problem, but they are actually surprisingly comfy. The ear cups dont swivel, but they trade that for durability since this also means the hinges wont break. If youre having issues with headsets breaking on you, this is a great, cheap option thatll last a lifetime.
Son uses for gaming and he likes them
My first headset for the PC and it is much more than i expected. The earpieces are very comfortable and the sound is not too much that it pierces the ear. I can still hear my game extremely clear. I would recommend to someone else for purchase.
Love this product. I can hear clearly, people can hear me clearly (though I do get complaints that it suddenly goes very low, sometimes, when I haven’t touched the volume), and it’s decently comfortable to use. The only problem that I run into it that it says it mutes when you push the microphone up; it mutes sometimes, but other times it does not and creates a bit of an issue when you don’t want others to hear you.
Comfortable and very sturdy along with sounding freat
Honestly for 60$ its pretty Damm good for a wired mic not bad honest the a 20 are pretty Damm good since there wireless but the a10 mic quality is way better than some expensive headsets its insane
Good unit
There very comfortable and great for late night gaming
First gaming headset I have owned under 100 bucks and I gotta say I am not disappointed. Sound is great the Mic works great and its comfortable where I have worn on my day off for about 8 hours
These are better than my 250 turtle beach’s.  I’m an Astro gamer for life.  Great design.
Great and used alot
Love the fit, love the sound, price was good.  winner winner chicken dinner!
Very nice buy for the price.
I bought this as a birthday gift for my fiance who plays video games on PS4. He had bought himself the newer version with changing LED lights but upon receiving these, he decide the sound quality was actually better so he returned the other more expensive version. He rates it at a 4 out of 5 due to the discomfort of wearing them after a serious gaming session (over 1 or 2 hours). Other than that, no disapointments.
I’m currently using this headset on my Xbox One S with Dolby Atmos enable and I love them. I recently tried out the A50s and loved them until I had some issues that forced me to return them. This headset has a similar fit and with Dolby Atmos a fairly similar sound to the A50s in my opinion. My only real gripe with this headset is that the aux cable is very long about 6ft long I believe but I went to Walmart and bought some Velcro cable ties for a 1.98 and that solved that issue. If your looking for a good headset on a budget and want something that’s durable, sounds and fits great then you can’t go wrong with the A10s.
These headphones dont have the power that Ive been searching for. At this point (Ive bought and returned 3 other headsets) you need a headset with an in-line amp if you want something thats LOUD. With that being said, they are worth the money in terms of build quality, comfort and pricing. Gave 4 stars due to them not being loud enough.
Great sound ps4
They are really comfy. The sound quality via party chat or in game chat is super clear. The Mic doesnt pick up heavy breathing either! My friends no longer complain about it from me which makes everyone happy. I play a lot of 6 Siege and the clarity of enemy sounds is super spot on. Ive dropped them a few times from about 6ft and there has been zero damage or even stuffing. Solid product for the price. If youre thinking about them like I did, pull the trigger. You wont regret it.
Sweet set
They are perfect for the PC. The sound quality is great and the mic is great on discord, because some game chats are bad. The only complaint is the cord is long though like obnoxiously long but overall Im happy with them for the price
Fits over my ears unlike most others. For the price, I’ve never had better audio in another headset.
Best $60 Headset
Good price and good performance
Comfortable and great sound quality
Got these for my son and he loves them
Llegó perfecto, sellado!!
Ive had it for three months and I have no complaints whatsoever this headset has been phenomenal, the mute mic feature works great and is a huge plus, the cord is sturdy and not easy to break, everything stays in packed tight, and the quality of both my voice, my friends voices, and in game sound is great and has not had any issues at all.
El producto cumplido mis expectativas.
My son like this headset
Love them
When I first got the headset I had to trouble getting both the ear pieces to work because you have to shove the gray piece into the headset really hard and the black one goes into the controller. I almost returned these because I was losing patient trying to get them to work but eventually i got them to work. The sound quality is pretty good. I use them for xbox one. So far so good. Hopefully they will last awhile.
Purchased almost a year ago.  Still work great.  Purchased many foreign made brands and all have failed. Granted these are probably foreign made but the difference is these still work.  Sounds good.  For the money probably the best value out there.
Great quality; noise blocking; louder than my previous headsets which I like; easy to mute by flipping the mic up; comfortable. Love everything about it.
Great quality
Strong construction. Easily puts up with light abuse like dropping. Great for large heads. Sound quality is top, but there are better examples. For the price point this is definitely the best option.
Gifted. Kid said it was comfortable and hears good
I love the sound of the headset and its comfortable for big heads. One thing i didnt like is there were a little heavy but ive adjusted to them over time but this is a good headset for this price.
Exactly as expected, showed up in perfect condition. It’s Astros lower end headset but it feels as good as some of the higher up models. For the price you can’t beat it. Bigger then expected but I’ve got a big head so no issues. Much more comfortable then any of the Turtle Beaches I’ve had in the past even their top of the line headsets
Game sound is great, headset is durable, mic swivels up and out of the way when not in use, and the headset is comfortable for long play sessions. I wish I could hear my own voice through the headset however. It is useful to hear things like whether or not the fan is blowing into the mic etc.
Great headset love them
Ive had my headset for about 3 months now and I can say without a doubt that it works perfectly. Great sound quality, great mic quality. Not as good as say a40s but still a good buy. If you are careful with it you should have no problems with this product.
Amazing for the price!
Bought this for my son since Astro is to me the top maker of gaming headsets. Weve had turtle beach and tritton but within a month or two they broke not even from miss use but they just stopped working. Thos ASTRO head set is the A10 the entrance level but WOW ots made much better then the other head sets. You can feel it when you pick it up and wear it. My Son is 13 and loves it. ASTRO goes up to the A50 for professional play but right now well put the A10 through six months of testing!!! I already placed my order for mine!
Havent had a problem with the product I received, enjoy my experience with this headset. For the price I wasnt expecting much but can say im happy with my purchase, would recommend to anyone.
Great product, amazing sound and durability
Good
Sounds great and excellent quality construction. Very happy.
Not a gamer myself but my son loves them.
This headset sounds good, much better than my old one. Friends of mine say that the mic has a "tinny" sound when I talk. I can foresee the part that goes over your ears becoming a sweat trap in warm weather and also the material seems that it would be great at collecting hair and be difficult to clean. Its relatively comfortable, although I have not yet used it for extended periods of time.
Bought these at Walmart, I can now hear the enemies farts, and can now no longer hear my wife ask “when are you getting off the game?”.. love these things
After going through four turtle beach headsets for my kids, I bought these on a recommendation from a friend. Far superior build quality and no issue for weeks now. Should have bought these in the first place.
Great wired headset to use when I wireless battery dies, have not had any issues, crystal clear audio
Christmas gift for my grandson
a little uncomfortable but great sound
Pros:  Affordable  Comforable for long sessions  Great Sound Quality  Simple Setup (Plug & Play)  Very Expendable Cons:  Could have a mute on/off button. You have to mute by moving microphone up beside your ear.  Volume control doesn’t seem to work well. Mostly use system settings to change volume. Overall, it is a great headset from a great company. Most of the same parts used in this headset compared to its very pricey counterparts. Setup is very easy. You plug one end into the headset and one end into the controller and you are ready to go. I haven’t had to experience it yet, but I have heard ASTRO Customer Service is very good if you need it.
I am a casual gamer. I game whenever I have some free time and that is far and few in between. So I didnt want to get an expensive headset as that would be a waste of my money. I looked high and low and finally found this set. Astro is usually associated with a high price tag so I was surprised that they made a reasonably priced headset. For the price of a game I scored myself an excellent headset. Sound quality is excellent for the price. Games come more alive when playing through headsets and it actually made me better at shooter games like Call of Duty. Since Im able to hear everything, footsteps and gunshots, I can pinpoint where the enemy is more quickly and have a leg up on them if engaging in a gun fight. Super light but not feeling cheap and it feels super sturdy, so it should last a while. I got the Playstation version, which doesnt matter as I like the color, so it just plugs right up to your controller. The mic is super clear and all my buddies can hear me loud and clear. Cheap quality headsets that will not break the bank.
Very comfortable.  Good sound.  would recommend.
My daughter likes these headphones for gaming.
Perfecto
Very high quality sound and build. The microphone is amazing! The ear cups were a little hard at first, but they soften up with use.
Best headset Ive owned. Ive owned 2 different turtle beach headsets and both were good but not near as good as these. These sound much better and have cooler features like the flip down to talk microphone. Theyre really comfy on my ears, better than any other headset, but they start to hurt the top of my head after about 45 minutes. A problem I didnt have with my turtle beaches. Other than that, great headset!
These are awesome. We have a PS4 and in the product description it says these can be paired with a PS4. When they arrived however, the box said “Xbox One”. However, we have them a try and they in fact ARE PS4 compatible. Just wanted to make this clear for anyone else thinking about ordering these. They are great!
Was gift. He liked it
Item is exactly as expected
Works good though the head strap can bother after a while
Great sound.
Great headset, flip-to-mute. Comfortable. I use this headset for the ps4 and it works great!
Best gaming headset for that price.
Work great, as described.
Son says they are awesome. Good price too
I got them for my grandson for christmas. He loved them. He said they were so much better than the other ones he had. They also fit better and better sound quality. Would highly recommend them.
Simply awesome
Great headset and just what Dylan needed. And super fast delivery
Good
Everything is great the headset is very comfortable sound quality is great and the flip mic to mute is awesome, now my only issue with this headset is the cord, it’s like 5ft long like wtf am I gonna need so much cord I’m tripping on it like how far away do you think we play from our controllers. So annoying
I have purchased a lot of these headsets but this one seems to b the best
Amazing
Nice product. Takes a little googling to get it to work on Windows.
Good headset, I use it with my PC and my Xbox one S. So far no complaints and I have been using it for over 1 year now. The flip up mute is great, and the sound quality is great as well. I had a pair of turtle beachs a long time ago, and I would get these over those probably.
works great!
Great headset with mic , I bought them for my grandson.  Good clear sound in the speakers  and  mic. I like how the mic is some what flexible .
Best headphones yet! This is the 4th set of headphones buying all different ones for different kids and these are by far the best ones!
My boy loves them
Best Xbox headset Ive ever owned. Sounds good, mic sound is pretty clear so thats good if you play with other people.
Headset is a great budget headset. Very comfortable, durable and overall has a great sound quality. Highly recommend!
Overall great only few cons
From what my husband and son tell me these are super comfortable and sound great.  Only had them for a day but they like them so far.  Great buy!
If you like balance headset that is good for gaming and music. This one is for you. I used this A10s mostly for Xbox One but I also sometimes use it on the pc (I mostly use the Omen Gaming Headset for pc). This headset works for almost every devices whether if it’s phone, console, pc, and others. One cool thing about this headset is that you can put the mic up and down. If you put the mic down you automatically have voice chat and people can hear you but the cool part is that if you put the mic up, It automatically muted you which is a pretty cool feature. There’s also a volume adjuster on how much you want the noise also. One thing I have problem with (In my opinion, this goes for most Headset) is that the wires are too long. That is just my take but if you like long wire that’s totally fine. Other than that, if you want a gaming headset that is good for gaming and music, this headset is for you. To add, if you are looking for a cheap headset that is good, I totally recommend this one. Astro are known for expensive headset but if you want a good cheap one, this headset is the best to go.
Thank you good
Quality
Good sound quality! Better than I expected..Ive recommended these to my friends for xbox live.
My grandson says these are the best headphones he has ever had.  They even twist, so that when he yanks them off his head, they give more.  I would recommend these to anyone!
Bought this for my little brother, the packaging quality & quality of the headphones are really good. The headset is durable and easy to use for a kid such as him, would definitely recommend getting them if your child wants a gaming headset.
Great headset for a very affordable price
Very Comfortable, has amazing audio and sound quality, and very, very affordable. Perfect headset for gaming and would definitely recommend it to a friend.
Awesome great headset
I really liked the comfort of them, the sound is amazing, and the durability is really good!
Best headset ever
Great headset
Great headset, way better than turtle beaches or Trittons, very very comfortable, great sound quality, I’ll never buy anything but Astro again. I had so many issues over the years with both turtle beaches and trittons, I’ve gone through atleast 4 headsets in 3 years, I have no doubt that this Astro headset will hold up for years to come.
Exactamente lo que buscaba, muy buena calidad para mi Xbox one
This headset is a very good product, but i wrote “wireless ps4 headset” when i was looking for this product, and i don’t know why i didn’t read the description....
Awesome quality!
No complaints at all from my 15 year old and 9 year old sons using it for PS4. They throw it down on the couch after they’re done, and it’s holding up just fine.
Amazing
Best headset Ive gotten on the market with a budget
It’s a really good headset for a budget price
Son loved his new headset!
Fiancé loves them ! They are great durable headphones. Look nice too. I would recommend
When this package first arrived they put it in my backward and my dog got to eat so that when I got home the mike was all chewed up. My first instinct was to call Amazon and tell them what happened. However after the call I decided to check if it still works and what do you know, It does. I recommend this for those who really want a quality headset, but also not be afraid to use them there so expensive.
Works very well and you can hear everything
What a great pair of headphones. I use these for my Xbox One and I love it! The sound is great. The surround sound is great for cqc gaming. I will be buying these again if I want to gift them or for myself!
Headphones are working great I opened them up and at first I was upset thinking they did not work but then when I flipped the cord and plugged them into right slots it worked perfectly fine . Quality is great definitely what I was looking for defiantly got me some extra kills in blackout first day ! My only Two problems are the volume doesn’t go as loud as I’d like it if I wanna blast it , I should have the option & the second issue is the price was 39.00 for Astro A10 Pc version , then when I added to my cart and came back they where 49.98 plus 10$ Tax for buying an electronic device . Later on that night after I ordered it I went to show my wife and the price was no longer 39.00 , 49.00 , or 59.00$ but instead only 30.98 $ so I called amazon and they wouldn’t pay me back the difference so I had to order them again at 30.98 $ with tax’s and fees it came out to 33.98 With no Ten dollar Electronic tax !!!! Very suspicious they raised the prices due to the item sitting in my cart for a long period of time , so if your going to buy them make sure you look thru all the options I got mine directly from Astro and not from a 3rd party Overall I’m not mad I saved some money but it was a hassle forsure and a lot of people would of just took the loss , I feel amazon did some shady stuff so watch out
Great sound and at a great price
These are very durable and super comfortable and the speakers are great, sometimes the sound pops or crackles a tiny bit but Im not sure if its even the headset, it may just be the playstation. Also the microphone doesnt COMPLETELY mute for me, it just makes it super hard for other people to hear anything coming from my mic.
Keep in mind that Im no audiophile and that Ive never owned a nice headset prior to this one, but I must say this baby checks all of the boxes. This is after one whole year of nearly daily use. Pros -Great sound, supposedly the A10 uses the same or very similar drivers that the much more expensive A40 and A50 use. Some Youtube videos claim that in terms of basic sound quality, there is little difference between the models. -Clear mic, according to those I play with -Relatively comfortable (*see cons*) -Nice, clean aesthetic -Virtually indestructible headband (seriously, check out some vids of people stretching and twisting this thing, absolutely bombproof) -Fairly roomy ear cups Cons - Not nearly enough padding on the headband. At first I thought Id have to send it back due to painful headaches after wearing it for more than half an hour, but I learned that by loosening the headset up slightly it would mitigate the issue. Might be worth mentioning that hats did nothing for the pain. Since getting used to the A10 it is pretty comfortable now, but it did take a while for me to get used to it and now its as if its not even there. Or maybe the pressure just killed all of the nerves in that spot, I dunno. - Ear cup height adjuster doesnt lock into place, meaning that before each use you may have to readjust the height. Ive gotten over this as it only takes a second to readjust, but it bugged me for a bit. - The inline volume scroll wheel doesnt actually mute when scrolled all the way down, it just decreases the volume to a very low volume. Annoying when I dont feel like/cant tab out of a game or whatever to change volume. This may just be a defect or something because I havent heard of it anywhere else. Neutrals - Kinda goofy looking on the head in regards to how the headband flares out, but I believe that Astro has to make them this way as to keep pressure on the ear cups and keep them on the head. - I dont have much experience with any other gaming headsets, but this ones ear cups tend to get a bit hot after a while. I live in a hot climate, but nonetheless it is still manageable. - I got this headset to use with my PC build so I needed to pick up a 6 dollar adapter. I believe that the PC version (same exact headset, just a different color) come with the adapter. - Very long cord, Id say maybe 5 feet long. Depending on personal preference this may be a pro or con. Solid 5/5, was considering giving it a 4/5 for the headband cushioning, but after a while you kinda get used to it. Assuming that this headset lasts another year, which I think it will, Ill try to remember to update my review. For reference I got this headset at $45 around Black Friday, 2017. Edit 1/5/2019: Turns out the mic would be the downfall of this baby as it recently came apart from the headset. Its pretty much dangling by the wire now. It really sucks as I cared for this thing so well and something so insignificant damaged it so severely. Gonna be changing my rating from a 5 star to a 4 star. Ah well, at least Ive got SquareTrade coverage on it so I should be getting a new one after I file a claim.
Excelent product
Good gaming product
It’s a great headset. It’s comfortable and has great sound. However you have to buy a separate adaptor to here game sound.
From a performance standpoint this headset is amazing for playing games, the sound quality is great, durability is great, for the price this headset can’t be beat. But the stand alone headset is not compatible with an Xbox One controller, which is misleading because the product description clearly states that it is, and the packaging that the headset comes in is covered with the Xbox brand logo. You must have an adaptor which the headset’s 3.5mm cable can connect to, and if you don’t have one already, Microsoft sells one for an additional $75. Basically, if you are getting this headset to use with your Xbox and you don’t have an adaptor, make sure you get the “Headset + M60” edition as that version is compatible with an Xbox controller.
I loved it, the quality is awsome and the microphone was great and the audio was to.
Good quality for price . My son has been enjoying it
Favorite headset ! Has lasted me a long long time at this point ! More than a year, sounds perfect but if I touch the cable towards the end it’s a little sensitive now, I may need to replace a cable at this point but that’s my fault for being agressive sometimes. In the end, It’s still running strong and is very comfortable and I love the auto mute feature by putting up the mic
My grandson loves it!
amazing head set for gaming. better than i expected.
Amazing headset!! Definitely worth the money. Very comfortable and good sound quality! Would buy again.
Great headset
I like Astros they dont disappoint, I keep up with competitive gaming because of these headphones.
My son loved this headset tied into Call of Duty Black Ops for birthday gift.
Pros Comfortable Durable Excellent mic Long 3.5mm cable Nice mute mic feature Cons Volume doesnt get loud enough Final thoughts These headsets arent bad only downside like mentioned was the sound. My Logitech G433 and G533 get much more louder then the A10.  Other then that its a solid headset for as long as you dont pay no more then 30 bucks
The sound quality is great and they’re comfortable as well.
GREAT sound! Came in wonderful condition!
Perfect for gaming
Loved them
My son loves the headset ... says it’s better than the wireless one
I gave this item as a gift. The person was very happy with it.
This is a great headset. The one problem is there isn’t a mute button. If I had known that I would not have bought it. The mute button is crucial, especially playing fortnite
Great sound and mic. Nice product for the price.
If you have doubts about buying the Astro A10s because the price is a bit low, or are just a bit skeptical in general, don’t be. These are the best headsets i’ve ever owned. The mic quality is absolutely superb, and the comfort is unmatched. For $60, I’d say that’s a pretty good deal. Don’t hesitate, buy it.
Great headset. If I turn it all the way up it cancels out the girlfriend screaming at me from the couch. Shes not a fan for obvious reasons, but also cant deny its very well made and effective. Also, this headset hurts if thrown at you with vigor from aforemetioned girlfriend. 10/10 will probably buy again after she breaks it one of these days.
I bought this on sale and its decent for listening to music and watching tv shows or movies. Gaming use I was not a fan over time my ears would hurt. 4/5 for the affordable price.
Amazing headset. Very durable and has a great mic. Comfortable to wear for hours and semi noise cancelling . 10/10
Good
I though they didnt work, but they are actually pretty good. Mic sounds great, game playing even better. I would definitely buy again from Amazon Warehouse.
Best headset Ive ever used
Great!
Mic doesnt bend very much but it has a great amount quality and PERFECT mic quality. The only complaint is that the cushioning on the headband is very cheap and if you play for more than a few hours at a time it will start hurting. Its a quick fix with a beanie, but kind of lame.
Very comfortable and very clear sound quality
I have a nice round sized head...if youre a gamer you know what I mean... Ive spent hundreds of dollars looking for this affordable headset... glad it was recommended to me... saved my scalp and wallet!
Amazing audio but the headband is uncomfortable after an hour or two. Most of the pressure is applied to a small portion at the top of your head and causes pain after a while. Great headset for $50, but Ill be returning these and getting A 40s.
These headphones are not too bad, I give it 4 star because it gets uncomfortable after awhile of using them. Everything else is great
Bought this for my husband as an early fathers day gift. He loves is! He can play his games without disrupting the little ones sleeping, and now he can play without my washer and drying disrupting his games! Only downside is now he wants to play his games more often since its more enjoyable now. Oh well, worth it! **used on xbox one** **have not tried on any other platform/device**
I work from home and needed a budget headset for Skype and soft phone calls that is comfortable, durable, and has a quality mic.  I wanted a brand name I could trust.  This one fits the bill.  I replaced an old Turtle Beach headset that finally fell apart with this headset.  It is a little tight but not too tight and Id comfortable enough.  I do not make calls Al day long but do tend to have a few meetings per day.  This is a perfect headset for that purpose and doesnt break the bank.
They are very comfortable and good quality if you play any first person shooter games these are the ones and they are cheaper than the normal colored a10
Loved it got it when they said I would I still use them now and theyre amazing
They worked really good
Great gaming headphones, sound wuailty is pretty good and is better than my $120 Turtle Beaches.
These are great headphones for the price. They only issue is I wish the size adjustment was a little bigger for those of us with large craniums lol.
You do not need to buy the splitter because it comes with one.  Now I have a $7 splitter that is not worth returning due to postage.
The sound is very good and I like the mute feature by flipping the mic up, but after several weeks of use, I continued to find them uncomfortable, too heavy and causing headaches.
The kid loves it!
thanks
They are awesome, super pleased.
Astros are usually extremely expensive, this model is well worth its lower base model price. The sound quality is superior and gaming is amplified heavily. I came from wearing turtle beaches for years, one thing I will say is comfort however is the reason I could not give this headset a 5th star, after wearing for awhile the head band on top lacks cushion and with the ear pieces being heavy, the band will push down on your head and kinda hurt after awhile. Other than that this headset is extremely durable and mic is still working for me over a year later. Have recommended to many people as the go to buy.
Best bang for your buck. Comfortable. Durable. Bigger than I expected (that’s what she said). But all in all, it’s a great set of gaming headphones. You don’t have to color coordinate, like green for Xbox, or blue for PS. If you like blue and have an Xbox, just get blue. Game on, player
I am a 18 year old who plays FPS games and these are very useful to know where every sound is coming from. I also enjoy the awesome sound quality that it give greatly.
Best gaming headset I have ever owned. I have owned multiple pairs of turtle beaches, and a pair of hyperx cloud core. These are so much better than all of them. The audio is so clear and they are so comfortable! Best gaming headset other than the A40’s and A50’s.
Ive had my pair for over a year now and they show no signs of breaking. One of the best headsets I have ever bought for the price.
These bad boys are indestructible and the audio quality is top notch for being so inexpensive. Highly highly recommended
my grandson loves it
I love this head set I just got it 39 minutes ago and it does not disappoint the sound is A1 and the microphone quality is like a brand new Blue Yeti. The only thing that was a little disappointing was that it is not something you can just plug in and learn on the fly you have to look st the manual in order to know where to put what. Another thing is the lack of customization and the cushioning lacks a little in some areas. But otherwise this is top of a line entry level headset that does not disappoint and it virtually unbreakable because of the steel band inside.
If you need a great headset that’s not that much this is for you. I promise you will hear everything and will be comfortable while playing. Wouldn’t miss out on this headset!
It’s was a somewhat letdown but don’t get me wrong I recommend astros to anyone!
This headeset is amazing for the price!!! I highly recommend is your on a budget. Gets the job done well. Also remembers that it is a budget headset and not a studio headset
Tried it on my ps4 and Samsung Note 8. Sound is amazing. Bass is just right. Highly recommend these for any gamer. Has some weight to them but nothing to complain about. And fits very comfortably over the ears.
Great
I bought these because my Razer headsets and turtle Beach headset began to hurt my ears after about an hour of wearing them. I decided to give these a shot since they had good reviews and the ear cups are cushioned with cloth and a memory foam type insert. These are comfortable, lightweight, have great sound and everyone I play with online says I sound very clear through the mic. I highly recommend these and would buy again.
At first I thought it didn’t work but the wire wasn’t fully in so it does work it’s perfect
Works perfect
These are better than the $300 ones I purchased last year! Better quality and best price!
Works for all consoles
works well
Son loved them
Very comfortable and good quality headset. Bought this a couple months ago and have not been disappointed. Its very durable and setup is as easy as one two three just plug in and game definitely recommend it to the hardcore gamers out there.
They work great for the price
Better than expected
Best for the price!
My son wanted this!  He loves them!
nice item
The sound quality and mic quality are definitely one of the best for the price it probably competes with some high range headsets. I thought they would feel cheap but not at all! They are well built and very very durable and not to mention very comfortable!! Definitely would recommend
Yes! This is definitely worth every penny. The sound quality is excellent and its extremely comfortable. I bought an off brand and regretted it immediately upon opening the package and with this one I know that what I payed for is quality and quality is what was delivered.
They sound amazing, just what I was looking for. Although, I hate to do this, but there is one thing that truly bothered me about this headset, they DONT have a MUTE button on the volume cable. So if youre online and having a side coversation with someone, you cant MUTE the mic, you have to go to your gaming console settings and MUTE yourself that way. This is the only downfall, otherwise they sound great. They feel a bit heavy at first, specially if youre not using to them, but after a while you dont notice it anymore.
Comfy and sounds good. I personally prefer these over any other headset I’ve used
Nice
Sound Is Mind Blowing At The Price. Microphone Sounds Amazing
I liked how they have the same speakers as the other expensive Astro’s, they will never break, you can easily tell what sound is coming from right or left. And it is very good for its price. Good job Astro
I really love the sound quality. The fact that I can play a game while my wife sleeps and she can hear a thing.
Awesome headphones. I bought these for my husband who is a gamer, and he says they are the best headphones he has had.
Bought two pairs of these for my boys.  They love them.
Its a good headset can hear sounds alot better. My only complaint is that it could be a little bit louder.
GOOD
GOOD quality but my mic didnt work after about 5 months. Astro still good but if you can invest in a better set!
My gaming experience on Fortnite was SIGNIFICANTLY improved. Its almost the equivalent of being able to see people through walls because the directional is so good. Im only giving 4 stars because after an hour of playing, my head hurts from being squeezed by the top. So if youre prone to headaches from hats/glasses/headsets, I d recommend going up to the A20 or 30 or whatever if theres better support.
Amazing product,  fast delivery as well!
I only just got this item and am enjoying it so far. My main complaints however is the fact that it is a little tight on the top headband. Also, this is NOT red. Please do not let the description fool you. It is orange. I know this doesnt sound like a big deal, but would prefer that is made more obvious to others that buy it to go with the rest of their color matched area. Still testing out mic. Will see.
Whether you use it for small time, or full time gaming itll meet expectations for its price range.
Work great. Definitely happy with buying these.
They have great quality, but I have a big head, and the little cushion on the top made me feel like I was being scalped by it.
I think it’s the best headset u can get under 100 dollars it’s sounds feels will made and the mic is really good
These headphones are great for gaming! They provide a great crunch when playing Call Of Duty and have pretty good bass! 2017 must buy for gamers for sure!
Well done asrto for making good headset in the budget side
This is a great headset for its price it has great sound and its comfortable ive been using this headset for about 2 hours and i forgot i had it on its very flexible and super durable i highly reccomend it i also have te TurtleBeach Stealth 420x and this headset is a bit heavier surprisingly and just as comfy sadly the mic doesnt come off cause i would love to use these as regular headphones but the mic would make me look funny
Fast shipping, great gift & works perfect!
Its not true wireless true wireless means no wires
Thanks.
Worth every penny
Son is very satisfied and works well on his game system.  The quality of headset speaker is great.
should have came with a splitter, but didnt.
This was bought for someone. He said this headset is decent.
These work great. I wasn’t sure at first how good they would work. But high priced stuff isn’t always the best. And that’s the case with these head phones. They are phenomenal and recommend buying a set
For the price of $60 you are getting a very good headset.  The only reason I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is that there is no separate way to turn up or down your chat volume.  I have went into game settings and also PS4 settings to crank this up, but no matter who I talk to they are still really hard to hear.  This is after turning down game volume etc.  The rest...is one of the best headsets out there.
Awesome headset. Ive tried others around the same price. Night and day difference. Definetly worth the money and would highly recommend
I use these a lot when playing Gears of War and Battlefront, they really help to amplify the stereo score of the games as they progress, the bass is very clear and the noise cancellation works like a charm. They are rather bulky, but so long as you dont look in the mirror you wont really notice.The mic is flip to mute and I havent had any problems with it. The cord is extremely long though, and I found myself getting tangled and pulling it out of the controller when I got excited. All in all they work great and for the price the quality cant be beat.
Needed a much needed upgrade to my gaming and computer headset. Had been comparing different brands, and after seeing reviews and specs for these Astro A10s felt was a great deal. The sound quality is great, getting the same speaker set that is included in some of Astros high end headphones in this was amazing to see. Connects easily to PlayStation and Xbox, as well as my PC (splitter for audio and microphone will be needed). Highly recommend  for anyone looking for quality gaming/pc headphones but not looking to spend a ton of money.
Awesome headset all around. Ive had turtle beaches that dont compare to the A10s. The sound quality is amazing.
My son loves this headset.  He hasnt been outside in 4 1/2 months and when i threw the football to him, he took it to the face - didnt know to put his hands up.  Sad state of affairs... but very nice headset.
Yes the Astro a10 we’re great headphones and really make gaming better there’s nothing I didn’t  like about them there just great
Mic stopped working after a while
Works well but mine arrived with a scratch on it so I sent it back. Scratches easily but I imagine the rest of it works fine. It also fits a bit awkward but that may just have been me.
These are super comfy on my ears and they sound really good. For the price, theyre superior. I had a wired set before that I purchased for about the same price and these are way better. Simpler to use for PC and PS4, comfier, and Ialso like the flip to mute mic. It was the deciding factor for me to purchase these over others in certain categories.
Absolutely nothing to complain about.
Very Easy Set up. They fit very comfortable even for long gaming sessions. Noticed a slight difference in voice coms compared to other headsets, but not a big enough difference to make me dislike the headset. Great headset for a great price.
Would recommend 100% best headset I’ve ever bought. Sounds loud and clear, mic is good. Overall, you get more than what you paid for in my opinion.
Grandson loves headset.
Awesome headset for the price. I use it for my xbox so its pretty simple plug and play. The only compliant is that the cushion for the top of your head is a bit on the light side so it hits my head to wear it long times.
Really comfortable, loved them !
Best headset I have bought so far. Very loud and clear for not being powered by an amp. It has a very extra long cord that is very good quality. The headset is very comfortable, i have a huge head and dont feel like my head is being pressed. Also ear cups are very soft. I dont feel fatigued after wearing for long gaming sessions. I have used it with my phone to watch movies and the sound quality is fantastic as well. It actually sounded like surround sound. Very durable. I have abused these headphones and no issues.
PS4 mic that comes with the system is less than favorable. Got this and am pretty happy with the sound quality on the headphones (not an audiophile) and the function of the mic. Would recommend.
Gift for son he really likes them.
Best headset I have used by far! I recommend it.
It gets hot. It is sturdy. I had a problem with a squeaking earcup that was driving me insane and after moving it up&down, up&down (you know, tilting the earcup in the hinge) applying pressure inwards I got rid of it and now I have a reliable headset. I wanted the SONY GOLDs but I needed durability and got these. The cable is long and bothers as expected. Great volume !
Nice headphones for Xbox One, great quality for the price. Sound and voice pick up are good with no complaints. I would buy these again. I upgraded from the regular Xbox one headphones and the astros are a great change. I play often and have had no issues with these headphones.
These are great! I bought these for my wife because she doesnt play as much as I do, I have both a40 &a50 and these are actually WAY Cheaper and better than the more expensive ones! Will purchase these again when we need new ones in the future.
Used it all day today and it seems like a decent headset for the price. My old headset (PlayStation Gold) allowed me to adjust game/chat sound which was a neat feature this one does not have but it seems to have it evened out pretty good for me at least. Nice and tight on my head but not too much, also comfortable for long game sessions only slightly uncomfortable part is some cushion it has on top that does hurt if you have the headset pulled down too tightly.
The best headset for budgets under 100$, no doubt. I will admit that this headset is bulky but as long as ur fine with that then its good. Good comfortablity, great sound, and awesome mute feature comes in handy. 10/10 ign
late to review this, but I bought this for my Xbox MONTHS ago and it is still holding up extremely well. I used the “PS4” version because I like the blue but it still works on Xbox. Great quality sound and sound adjustability. Amazing headset for the price
Bought this for a sibling and they are very happy with the gift.
Very good headset for the money I just got mine today tested them out they work amazing the mic is great quality I recommend it to any new gamer or some one who is on a Budget
Got it for my best friends birthday, he loves them. He said he also uses them to listen to music. But if your game or music is too loud others can hear it. But overall good gaming headphones
Awesome gaming headset! My son uses this to play Fortnite on his PS4 and laptop. You can hear every little detail. The speaker is great too, it actually can pick up my voice when I am talking to him since it is very strong. Would definitely recommend.
Only got 2 complaints in discord you have to turn your input volume rlly low and move the mic far away because it picks up everything also it’s really loud. Also the top of the head cushion makes the top of your head hurt after like 2h of having it on. But other then that it’s a great budget headset
I have never bought a better headset!! This headset has amazing sound you can definitely hear when someone is near you. My husband loves his too. We have had probably 10 headsets since the Xbox one came out and these easily win. We love that the cord is detachable so if there is ever a short in the wire or the dog chews the cord (ya that’s happened to an $80 pair) it can easily be replaced.
It works great, its a really good headset for the price in my opinion and the durability is actually killer. I got these in DEC 2017 and theyre still kicking like I got them yesterday, no joke. Something Id tell all owners who get this headset is to make sure you put the cable in correctly, if you dont you will hear static and all that bad stuff. The GRAY end is what goes into your headset, while the BLACK end goes into your ps4 controller, your phone, whatever youre using. Hopefully this helps you before you jump to the conclusion that your headset is defective. :] EDIT: As of 03/24/19 My A10s Still kicking perfectly fine.
Overall this is a pretty good headset. The sound is great, and the mic works just fine, my only complaint is that they get a little uncomfortable after an hour or so. Maybe its because I have a big head, idk. wearing a hat under them seems to help relieve the squeeze. (purchased my A10s at Best Buy)
loved these headphones,  the mic is outstanding and very comfortable
They’re Perfect!
I LOVE THESE! These were my first "gaming" headset and they are superb. Sound is nice and full of bass. The mic is so so good and my friends even commented o  how clear and warm it was. If I had to make one gripe it would be that the head band only has one very small bit of foam and is a bit uncomfortable
This headset sounds every bit as good as an A40 set without the mixamp.  The set I bought was a slightly older packaging version.  It did not have the splitter cable included with it like the newer packaging does.  I emailed Astro and they immediately sent me one for free.  No hassle what so ever. The sound quality is fantastic and they are very durable.  Much better then my Logitechs I had.
 very good 
I got these for my husband and he loves them. Ever time he uses them he cant stop raving about how great they are! He says they are comfy and really amplify the sounds, he says he has been able to game better because of it
It fits super comfortable , has good bass sound, I can hear everyone properly. The mic to flip mute is nice. Got it the very next day too which was cool (: wasn’t expecting it so soon lol so happy to get it earlier.
Not the comfiest headset, but it should accustom to your head after 2-4 weeks. First getting it will be a bit uncomfortable though. Sound and mic quality are great. I also enjoy the flip to mute mic. Wish the cable was a bit longer also.
I watch many YouTubers daily at least 10 of them were sent this headset from Astro gaming and said that it was awesome, but honestly this is the worst headset up ever owned. Ive had many Turtle Beach headsets way cheaper and bought one for the same price that is Miles Ahead of this headset. This has that pales in comparison to the $30 headset I bought my Xbox 360 4 years ago. First off the sound is way too quiet you cannot adjust it hi at all. For my experience it doesnt even have virtual surround sound so for Shooters like Call of Duty this will not work at all and those are the only types of YouTubers that I watched make a review a video about it, go figure.
They are super comfortable and have a great sound system. I play fortnite, and the surround sound really helps. If you play any games like this, you’ll see a big increase in your skill. Not only that, but the mic is astounding. It’s great. Make sure you plug in the AUX cord all the way in the hole. If you don’t, some components of the headset won’t work, but that can be quickly solved. You get all this for an insanely low price which is awesome. I wish they had some more colors for PS4 though. Love the headset overal!l
I ordered this headset after my old one died and i must say this is a awesome headset, the only reason i cant give it 5 stars is because i have large ears and the drivers on this headset are a bit too small for me plus i have 1 inch gauges in my ears so if you have large ears or large gauges i dont know if i would buy them but if you dont then these bad boys are rock solid. Ill def be looking into buying a different pair of Astros in the future.
They work pretty nice
Love it so far good sound and durable as well
Very good headset. If you are on a budget get these they sre amazing! The only thing that sucks was that the did not recieve the wire and it was very dirty but I got them used if you buy them new they will probably have the wire and be clean
Husband is very impressed with these headphones, so far has great sound and quality. Would definitely buy again.
They get the job done good for kids or any gamer really, serious true gamers obviously fork out more $$.
works great
This headset is absolutely amazing! For the past 4 years I’ve gamed with Turtle Beach Px22’s but they finally gave out on me so I upgraded! The quality difference is mind blowing, the bass and surround sound makes me feel like I’m playing in a movie theater. Setup is nice and easy you just need to plug it in and you’re good to go. I definitely love the flip mic to mute/unmute, you don’t need a equalizer/amp at all either. This headset is an amazing quality for the price, I think it’s safe to say I love Astro’s now!
The quality of the headphones is amazing, both audio and build quality. My son loves this headset.
Grandson gives this item a thumbs up 
Highly recommended. The shipping was slow but okay.
Awesome sound!! Really picks up the bass and highs! The suround sound is amazing!
Amazing headset for the price. Only wish they were wireless!
Love my Astro headset. Great product and best bang for your buck.
Good quality and comfortable.  For the price point, you probably cannot find a better deal.  The audio output is not that of a polk headset, but they do a good job when streaming and gaming.
Great headset and sturdy Ive had Krakens and TB and these are bar none the best under 100$ Headsets Ive had
My son absolutely loves them. They are super comfortable and the sound and mic quality are exceptional.
this is the first gaming headset I’ve owned. Great sound, good mic that is not to sensitive and the people I play with say it sounds clear.
There confortable, heavy after a while but durable and good sound.
Great quality headphones and a great price!!!
Tbh its a good low price headset hands down but one con I would have is that sometime the sound would go in an out really fast but other then that a great headset an a good looking one too for all the COD fan .... Ps keep gaming enjoy life
good quality, sounds good. little tight fitting.
only issue is i had to get the adapter to use it on my pc other then that headset itself is great
Quick delivery and very good product!
This isn’t my first headset I’ve had turtle beach’s all the way too Japan styled headsets but by far Astro’s are the best. Astros can be expensive but these are cheap and affordable and include the speakers from the Astro A40’s and they’re super comfy except for the fact that the padding on that supports the head it’s fine for about 3 hours then it starts to bug me but that probably because I have a big head.
Very good headset, good sound quality, worth every penny
Excellent
Great
There amazing durable, sounds great, and the mic quality was shocking. The only reason its not five starts is because after wearing it for a while it hurts my head.
There decent. Honestly for $10 less you can get the hyper x stingers... Better comfort and better sound. Astro A10 is ok for durability. Sound is ok.  If you have big ears these will be very uncomfortable. Ill hold on to em just incase I need a back up. Other then that Ill most likely not use them. This is my honest opinion. Theres better for less....
Good sound, can get a little heavy if you have it on for too long.
Works perfect. You get a great headset for the price. All you have to do is plug it in and play. Yes you have to have a Y splinter but most people have a few of those anyways. And if you don they are cheap.
These are great! They are very comfortable and durable for the price. However, when I use them on my computer I wish the output was better at lower volumes I feel like I have to crank the volume to 10-20 before I can hear cleanly without it sounding like Im in the distance
Sound is great but the narrow pad on the headband is uncomfortable until it wears down a bit. Also fits a bit snug to my head.  Ear cups are plenty large, I have relatively big ears and they are completely enclosed.
My son likes them a lot
Let me answer a few questions people had. It works for xbox, it is more on the bass side, I can hear ALOT more than I used to in game than earbuds and my Skullcandy Scullcrushers. Gives me the competitive edge to hear small sounds my other headphones didn’t pick up on (I hear new sounds in game now). They are comfortable, and sound great for movies. My friends say the mic sounds good also.
Pretty comfortable and great sound! Incredible price for how good they are!
Great headset my son loves them. Just holding them the first time you can feel the quality. My son has went thru gaming headsets like water. Even though he hasnt had these but a few months I can already tell they are holding up better than others. The padding is a real soft memory foam. He says even after all night gaming sessions they do not bother you like others do and remain comfortable the entire night. Glad I bought these he really loves them.
Best purchase this year!
Gift for my son.  He picked it out and loves it.  What more can I say.
Its comfortable to wear for hours, great audio quality, and Im told by my gaming buddies that my voice sounds clear without any noise or interference.  Ive tested this on my phone to listen to music and the audio sounds good: strong bass and crisp highs.  The PS4 version was sold out at the time so I went with the PC version and it works just fine on PS4. I think the only difference is the color but I cant confirm that.
My son loves and so do I.
Good sound quality and all around headset only issue I have is that the top part of the headset starts to hurt your head after awhile
Can’t ask for anything more. It’s a really good headset. And for the price it’s perfect. Good quality product. Love it so far. 1 month in.
Liked: everything Disliked: not buying an amp with it.
thanks worked great
Fits well and is Comfortable! Definitely recommend!
Very comfortable! Sound quality is very good.!
The sound has gpt a higjt quality! Very good
great headset and durable
The best headset i ever had.
Love this headset, it sounds great no complaints on that. Only reason i gave it 4 stars is that the cord that it comes with is way too long.
The headset itself is comfortable and fits on someone with a big head like myself the ear cups are soft but can hurt a little after long hours of gaming I personally liked the headset, except when I would talk on the mic people would tell me that it sounds like static on the other end. That would be the only negative thijng about this headset.
As expected
Bought for a gift, so I have no feedback.
Using it with a ps4, sometimes an Xbox one. The mic is very clear and it connects easily. Noise cancellation well.
Well for the price, I dont think you could beat these! They are better than my Turtle Beaches that I paid over 100$. They sound great, good bass and able to hear footsteps in FPS very well. From now on until otherwise Ill buy Astro when it comes to gaming headsets. The only bad thing that I can come up with is they arent as comfortable as higher priced headsets but the sound quality matches. So not the best looking, comfortable but the positives reallly outweigh the negatives.
Great headset for not too much. Also is comfortable. Looks a little funny on my head though.
So comfortable and adaptive.  They have soft cups to prevent ear and headaches.  Will be using it for the foreseeable future.
I bought it for my grandson and he is thrilled with them. Thank you
Amazing headset would recommend for competitive gaming (:
So far so good
Great headset, very comfortable on the head, mic picks up everything and the audio is great.  For a budget price you get a great headset!
realy impressive product
Great so far with 3 weeks of heavy use. Pretty comfortable, good sound.
Fantastic headset. Great sound and mic quality.
Awesome headphones just wish there was a mute button.
Great headphone well made very good here in quality
great sound quality and durability - highly recommend if your on a budget
The cable is a little shorter than I would have liked, but that doesnt take away anything from the heaset in my experience. Per usual with Astro, theyre great.
My son says thus is one of the best head sets hes had.
Super comfortable and good quality
Quality of sounds are great
Was delivered early and is great quality!
Good
Its exactly what I wanted.
This is the second one i have purchased, Its very amazing quality!
Purchased this headset after trying out a friends. Immediately after trying his I knew I had to get myself a set. Hands down better than the current Turtle Beaches I had. I would recommend these to anyone trying to better their online competitive gameplay. Side note; I bought these for use in Rainbow Six Siege for console.
For the price this headset is better than the Xbox or PS4 headset. I have owned all 3 and this one is built to last much longer. I am impressed with this headset. I use them on my PC, PS4, and Xbox.
Awesome gaming headsets for the price, Ive always wanted to try Astro headset but were out of my price range. Fabric around the cups is cloth so it wont crack or peel like other headsets Ive had. After a few our of continuos use they feel tight, maybe I havent adjusted to them or wore them enough to break in. Fo rmusic not so great, heavy on bass and mids and highs too low but excellent for gamig. General 3.5mm plug I easily swap between my Xbox One and PS4 controllers.
Great sound and you can mute on and off right from the head set with just a touch of the button! Thanks!
The best headset you can buy in the $60 price range.
Bought 2 pairs of these some friends.  They love them.  The only reason they lose a star is because the "puck" is not a separate item you can buy for these headphones.  While you can buy a pair with a special puck, if you bought these, youre SOL.  The lack of options removes this star.
Works great!
love it
Its a solid headset all around for its price getting some of the best features of other Astros and from what my friends tell me," Thats a good sounding mic."
My son loves it
I tried a couple of headsets before these.  G430, Arctis 3, Cloud Stinger Astro A10- I am extremely satisfied with this headset.  The ear pads are extremely comfortable and are a material that i havent felt before on headphones.  The bass is spot on on these!!! not overwhelming but enough to make music AND games sound phenomenal.  Very comfortable even with glasses on.  Makes my 128kbps music sound awesome, which is rare to find headphones that do.  I use the A10s to play cs go and these make a world of difference compared to the rest I used.  These i can actually pinpoint spot on and even prefire and end up getting the kill.  Looks very suspicious to the enemy but its totally the headset.  The mic on this is very clear as well, one of the best on a cheap gaming headset right now.  You can even twist these like crazy but im not going to try that ;)  Overall, i recommend these to anyone that is searching for budget headsets like i was. G430-Too uncomfortable and sound was meh.  Mic was good though but extremely sensitive to background noise and even picks up dogs barking.  Very prone to breaking has no support for the hinges... Arctis 3-Complete trash.  Their app to equalize and change mic settings (SSE3) is lame.  Also makes music sound like TRASH.  Zero bass as well. Good for classical music though.  Nice guitar sound.  Mic was good.  Other than the mic, TRASH.  I cant believe i fell for the hype on these, almost all the YouTube videos i saw reviewing the Arctis 3 ended up to be sponsored... Cloud Stinger-Comfortable at first, but then it started to hurt my ears really bad.  Sound was good and had decent bass, mic is decent, but too nasally.  Comes the closest to the A10s, but not enough. Overall, Get the A10s over the competition.  Theyre awesome and for the price of a new game you cant go wrong at all.  (im using these on PC by the way, but im sure console sounds good as well.)
Pretty good. Not totally sound proof but otherwise, it was good.
I can both hear and speak very well
I like the quality of the sound and bass of the headset.
The plug that leads into the headset itself is longer than a normal one so make sure its in all the way or it wont work right. Great headset for the price.
Love the sound quality and comfortable fit. Nice long cable.
Awesome headset for the price from a very reputable manufacturer. Very nice quality and are pretty comfortable.
Daughter loves this. She is on her gaming system about 6 hrs a day. No problems
I loved the headset, It features great sound quality and is very durable. The only thing I kinda dont like is that the headband features very little cloth.
Feel great on the head. Can hear everything.
Awesome headset. Sound quality is as good as $300 sets. Only hitch to this system is no mute button. Not a deal breaker; but wish it had one.
Awesome headset!
Purchased these for my son.  He thinks they are well worth the price
Great product. Would recommend. Very comfortable padding with incredible quality sound
Just received these in the mail, extremely fast shipping. I have a fairly large head, these fit fantastic. Why spend buy any other brand, these feel like they are worth about $150.
Perfect sound mic gets uncomfortable after a hour or two though
for my sons bday
It is comfortable it is a bit bulky though
Great product! Very solid and durable. Very satisfied with the price and everything!
Good audio
I really like this headset they sound 9/10 the mic sounds pretty good at least talking to friends on xbox I wish there was a little more padding on the top for my head.  They are also on the heavier side at least from what Im used too
My son had me order these for him, he received today and had a couple issues/opinions about them. 1. He wished the actual part that coveres your ear flexed so if you only wear one ear on the other ear would basiclly form to his head like another popular gaming brand does 2. He didnt realize they had a cord, he thought they were wireless as all the pictures show no wires going to the headset. Yes it says it has a cord after you scroll way down to product description but I sort of agree it should be in the pictures also 3. He like the flip up mic mute 4. They completely cover his ears so his ears dont hurt after playing for awhile 5. The extra cushion for the top of your head is nice 6. And last, regarding the cord, since there is one he appreciates how long it is I tried them on and listened to some music, they seem to work pretty good, covered my ears entirely and they have some weight to them so not sure how they might affect someone after wearing them for awhile
They are a really nice pair of headphones especially for the price.
I have gone through many headsets in the past and none come close to the quality and comfort of this amazing headset for $60. You have earned yourself a loyal customer Astro congratulations
Didnt think i would love it as much as i do, at first a bit low for the ps4 but when the shooting starts you forget about it.....Get this asap, you will be happy you did....
Great sound quality but mic monitoring is a little off
For the low price. Its a great headset the sound is good and mic is a lot better compare to the PlayStation Platinum headset. The only problem I have is after maybe 6 hours of gaming It can start to hurt the ears.
Very comfortable headset!!! Amazing quality. Astro headsets have always been a choice headset for gaming but always pricy, with this we get a headset just as good as the a40 but at a reasonable price! Go buy one now!
These are very comfortable and sound amazing, especially for the price. While they dont sound like the absolute best on the market, they do a great job for their price, which is the entire point. I would rate this 4 stars but Im rating it 5 to offset some of the one star reviews about splitter cables for PC. SPEND $5 MORE! IT WONT BANKRUPT YOU!
Great headset .  durability is insane on these and for 60 bucks you cannot go wrong with the astro a10s.  only thing Im not crazy about is the headband cushion isnt the best but its fine for long gaming sessions.  wouldve loved if you could change the speaker tags on this like the other Astros.  but overall these headsets blow every headset in this price range out of the water.
This was a gift to my grandson. He loves them.
Amazing sound, very comfortable. The inline cables needs to snap into the headset, otherwise it wont function properly. Currently using the Green "Xbox" model on my PS4 with a custom controller and its working flawlessly. Microphone quality could use some work. Excited to save up for a MixAmp to really push the speakers
Did not purchase from Amazon. But these headphones are pretty good. Yes durable, sound is Above Avg; meaning they sound really good, but dont expect them to be like Dolby Digital 7.1 sourround sound cmon. Lol. Overall these are very dependable and are worth the price. I was skeptical but after purchasing I was not let down! An A1 headset imo.
Best headset that Ive ever had! Weighs more than expected but sound engineering makes it worth it. The headband actually flexes unlike most headbands allowing for more durability. The sound quality of the headphones are great! The volume control on the cord connecting the headphones to the control is just the right size. The functionality of being able to flip the mic up to mute is amazing, no more having to unplug my old headset to mute myself. This was well worth the investment.
Had this for half of the day,so far it sounds good. The mic quality is perfect,love the budget. Will definitely save up for the higher end model of the Astros
Love it. Its very comfortable. I can wear it hours on end and it wont hurt me ears. It sounds amazing too
I bought the Astros for my younger brother and I was honestly surprised with the audio quality since gaming headsets usually have somewhat of a speaker in a can sound. I would definitely recommend this headset to other people.
These are great my only concern is that you game for 3 or four hours the headset does gets a lil uncomfortable, I experienced this when taking them off my ears hurts for a few seconds then Im good.
Bought as a Christmas gift for Grandson.
Performs well, as expected. Bought for my son for use with his Nintendo Switch.
Great headset. Its heavy in your hand but once its on your head you dont even notice it. Very isolating for noise and player detection. Will buy again when these eventually die... however due to the solid feel, I doubt that will ever happen.
Met all expectations
Dont buy if you have big ears. But otherwise than that they fit great, mic is meh you get what you pay for. Sound is good as well
I just bought the A40 TR mix amp set, and the set up was easy, with YouTube help, and I’m very, very pleased with the sound quality, and mic. So I bought the Astro A10 headset, I seen one review that it can be use with the mix amp, so I waiting to see how this play out, 2 headsets better than one
Best quality headphones I’ve ever purchased
Perfect headset for gaming. The sound is perfect and it is comfortable enough to wear for hours. I bought 2 so far, one for my husband and one for myself, we have Xbox ones and this connects easy. A problem we had with other headsets was the echo, but with this set the sound quality is superb! I will definitely buy it again.
Very good headset for a good price
Works great!
Best headset I have ever owned. No complaints here.
love it
Extremely reliable, mic does not pick up any unnecessary background noise when using it, and its very comfortable on the ears. This headset was worth the price.
If your looking  for a great cheap headset then these are the onesare used to have the turtle beach ear force recon 60ps  and I went straight to these. This was an amazing deal, they have so much more bass than I expected, and if youre on the idk side then definitely make a switch. My friends were telling me that these were going to be ok/alright  without an adapter but no, these are amazing Im telling you that you should get these soon as you can. If you are on a budget and trying not to buy the actual expensive ones then buy these!
Ive been using the headset for a couple of weeks now and its better than the ones Ive owned before. 60 dollars felt a little steep but thats probably because Id been buying my headset for 20-25 usually, and compared to those there is definitely some more quality here. My only gripe is that the cord tends to wander and get stuck in odd places on my computer chair, but other than that it hasnt tangled or curled up at all so its still a good cord.
This headset is surprisingly very good in all aspects. The sound quality is crisp and delivered well, It performs very well on the low end and bass and solid in top end sound. As advertised it does very well built and sturdy and dosent seem like it will anytime in the near future. If I had one nitpick its the microphone picks up fan noise or moving air a little too much but other than that small nitpick a very solid headset for the price!
For the price I love it, sound quality is good and my friends tell me I sound great with the microphone
Great quality for a great price
In short for 60 USD you will get an amazing headset in terms of durability, sound quality, comfort and compatibility (since its a wired headset) , i had too many headsets and i assure you that this is the best i had and Astro just won a new clint who is willing to spend more money for great headsets like this one.
This $60 headset is worth at least $120. Great comfort and sound quality.
Great audio!
Audio,mic,and headset are nice.very simple too
I hate to admit it but I was a little skeptical on buying these at first because of the mixed reviews, but Im glad I did because Im very pleased with how this headset performs so far. Pros: - Very comfortable, you will have to adjust the headset accordingly if you have a bigger head, but overall its pretty comfortable. - The sound quality is amazing, I used to own the Turtle Beach X12s until the screws on each side of the headset keeping it together broke, but the Turtle Beaches never had this good of sound quality, honestly impressed with how efficient the headset is money wise. - Adding onto the sound quality, the bass kicks SUPER hard, honestly love it because it just sounds good, but I thought Id add that just because. Cons: - The mic isnt detachable and only slides one way, what I mean by it only slides one way is that is if you were to wear the headset to where the mic would be facing your right, it would be unable to do so. - Did not come with a PC splitter as advertised, I believe the only way to receive a splitter is if you order the headset straight from Astros website, but I could be wrong. Edit: I found out after wearing these for countless hours that they begin to put some strain on my right ear, not too sure if Im wearing them wrong or what, but it actually hurts my ear if I wear the headset for too long. 7/31/17 Update: Ive worn this headset for almost a week now and I think Ive adjusted to it, the only place where it feels uncomfortable now is the top of my head since the padding isnt very comfortable, other than that I would still recommend this product to a friend. 12/12/17 Update: Ive had this headset since July and it still hasnt let me down, I blast music at full volume from iTunes and the speakers nor sound quality have been reduced since then. The durability is still mind blowing to me, I havent dropped the headset from a fair height of possibly breaking it but I have stretched it out a bit due to some situations where Im editing videos or gaming and can only use one hand to move one of the ear cups from my ear in case anybody in my room is trying to talk to me. Its still safe to say that I would really recommend this headset to a friend if you or your friend are on a tight budget for a gaming headset.
Headset feels sturdy looks nice sounds great aux cord is pretty long only downside is the ear cups are way too small kinda makes my ears feel crushed. Its a decent headset for the price.
Oh so comfy
Aesthetically its great. Very durable and the sound quality is good. Its beyond my expectation. Also very comfortable!
These headsets are absolutely worth the money, I have been using them for a month now with my PS4 and the sound clarity is very crisp and the bass is pretty nice. I believe the sound drivers are the same as the Astro A50 that are sold at $300 but of course those have more features. So Id say its a hell of a deal, and just go ahead and buy them. The volume control is easy to use and switching the mic is pretty clever by just flipping the mic into the upright position. BTW they are compatible with  PC, Mac, Mobile, PS4, and Switch Packaging: The headset comes in a nicely designed box that is super simple to open and get started. Build Quality: The headsets are made from a durable plastic and the headband area is from a super flexible plastic that can be bent in any direction without damaging them. My last headset broke exactly from this weakness. So Im super glad they used a flexible material. The cable is detachable from the headset so that you can store it easily or replace it if it breaks for some reason. Cons: Wearing these headphones for 2+ hours long hurts my head. This can be said for about any headphones I wear. My head might be on the bigger side lol Hopefully, you are not in the same boat!
Want astros but can’t afford them get these good quality
Best headset Ive ever had. Put my old turtle beaches to shame. A must have for gamers who dont want to spend $200. I also use then for movies and recording music. Great headset.
My very first Astro Gaming product. Amazing headset compared to the ones I had before: Turtle Beach, HyperXCloud. Very clear and distinctive audio profile. Microphone performance is absolutely amazing, your party chat could literally hear a dime drop in the hallway next to your room. Comfort is good but not great. The material on the ear part of the headset is good but it can get warm and uncomfortable over several hours of usage. Other-than-that, this Astro A10 headset is very worth the price and a good entry point into Astro Gaming.
Good sound quality, the chord could be shorter.
Love it, Comfortable and sound quality is fantastic
Very Good Headset! Made with the same components as the Astro a 40s. The only differences are the head cuffs cant turn, the side panels dont come off, and the mic piece doesnt detatch. Also, the headset seemed to feel tight at first, but as you use it, you will get used to it. Overal, its a very good headset!
If you are looking for a mid-level gaming headset, these are perfect. I use them ob my cbox one for shooter games and I can hear everything. I hear people coming from behind or up stairs. They are a great headset for the price and the mic is crystal clear.
For the price these are great
Best headsets ever, so confy, best quality sound i think its very worth it for the price
Good headset
Excellent headset, my grandson says they r sturdy n he can mute very easy, so players cant hear his family yelling
Got this headset about 6 months ago and it is still perfectly fine. It is durable and has a handy mute if you point the mic up.
10/10 would buy again well made clear sound solid build and comfortable fit.
hurts top of head
Amazing headphones! I purchased these for my fiance and he absolutely loves them. He uses them every time he is on his "MegaPC." From what he has told me, the sound is great and the build quality is outstanding.
These are really great head phones they are loud and clear you can pin point the direction of anything and the mic is really good to
Great headset! Good song and quality, for a great price.
I love them. I actually prefer these over the A50s. No need to charge but it has no mixamp
I but this for my son and he love it. I use it to tested and it sounds was good.
Qualitys good but it fcomes with like a 2 foot long cord that connects to the controller and its kinda annoying. Other than that sound works grwat and people hear me perfectly. Also its very durable
Very comfortable and good sound quality.
I was plasently surprised when I got this. I never had a astro headset before so I got their cheapest one to try their headsets out. It works and is great.
This headset is a great pair for the price! I think that they look much better than the competition price wise and they also are very comfortable. The Xbox factory ones suck and they are the same price. BUY THESE.
Good quality Like the A40 the design is good but i have a big head and after 30min or 1 hour they become uncomfortable you have to move it in your head to avoid pain. The sound quality is almost the same of a40 with mixamp pro tr. if you are using this on xbox one s turn of dolby atmos for headphones and boom sound pretty good.
It did not come with the splitter for PC use as advertised, but Amazon reimbursed me for the one l had to order. Work is great for PC gaming. Very comfortable earphones.
Just an fyi, they are cross compatible for ps4 and xbox one. To use the xbox version on ps4, simply change your ps4 settings. Im bringing this to attention since the sales reps at my local gamestop told me adamantly they were not cross compatible. I bought them anyway, because I knew they had a 3.5mm cable. I was right, the xbox version works on ps4.! :)
Very good
I always wanted to buy some astros, due to the price of the higher end products,  i procrastinated. I love these headphones. They are durable yet sound good. I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for gaming headphones
This headset is so epic for being a plug in and play type of headset, even though you do plug it in to the controller, it still has alot of bass and the sound quality is just perfect, plus this is the Nokia of headsets how can you not buy this LOL.
I have owned various generations of both the A40 and A50 headsets so I was interested to try this sub $100 headset from Astro. First thing I noticed upon opening the headset was that it had a decent weight to it unlike other cheaper headsets ( HyperX Cloud Stinger) for example. Though when on your head it feels very light and comfortable for hours. To note, if you have larger ears you may want to look elsewhere as the ear openings are fairly small. I have small ears and mine just fit inside. Sound wise they sound very good albeit a little bass heavy if listening to music. For gaming purposes they sound very good with one exception. That would be their overall volume when plugged into the dualshock 4 is pretty low. I have them all the way up and they still seem like they need more power. I did connect them to a Mixamp TR and they really shined. Plenty of volume without distortion and very comfortable. Also the microphone quality is easily the best quality from Astro to date. Clearer than any on any generation of A40 or A50. Great headset if you want Astro quality but are on a budget. Just be wary of the small ear openings and lower volume Edit: The low volume issue I was experiencing ended up being the 3.5mm port on my dualshock 4 being bad as I tried the headset on my other dualshock 4 and it was much louder and even clearer. I now keep the headset at about 50-60% volume as any louder becomes intolerable after about an hour. So now the only issue would be the small ear openings if you have larger ears. Very pleased with the sound and microphone quality from this headset
How long is the cord and can you get a shorter cord.
Sound quality sounds great, headset feels really comfortable and I am able to wear for hours at a time. Only reason this product did not get 5 stars is because a pc splitter cable was not included in the box.
So far so good. I hear lots of complaints about the sound being too low on them but they work just fine with my stereo headset adapter, I actually have to turn them down while playing Battlefield 1. They are super comfortable and built to last. Thank you Astro for finally making a affordable headset! I would give 9/10. My only complaint is the cord that plugs in is actually a little bit too long.
This product is amaing!Ive had this product for almost an year and it has never failed my children!They use it all the time whenever their gaming and it is such great quality!I for sure recommend this product and how easy and simple it is!
Amazing
Amazing quality, well worth the purchase
BUILT QUALITY AND SOUND AND THE MIC IS REALLY GOOD
Good product the sound quality is good for the price.
Does the job. reasonable price. quick ship
Best ones Ive ever had
A Little to set up but works great
Very comfortable
The Astro A10 has all the basics you need for any general gamer, but not for a competitive one. I bought these primarily for comfort, which I have to take a star off of because the memory foam cushions are pretty tough the first 20 or so hours of wearing them. After that, they soften up a bit to make the headset a lot more comfortable. The first time I wore them I nearly returned them because of how uncomfortable they were, so they take "breaking in". As far as the sound and mic quality, Id give them both 4 stars as well in the price range. People have told me I sound "different" due to this headset and Im just thinking it must be the difference in mic quality from headset to headset, but just know this mic may make your voice quality either raise or lower depending on the mic you used before. If I were to buy a headset for competitive gaming, I would pass on this one because while the sound quality is decent, I wouldnt call it "perfect" or "excellent" for gaming like they describe. I would invest more in a higher tier offering from ASTRO if I wanted to be able to hear more subtle sounds.
These headphones are extremely good the audio and the mic quality are extremely good for its price
Good headset kinda heavy and picks up background noise easily
Everything is great about it. Not the most comfortable if you have big ears. I can feel slight discomfort from time to time.
Works wonderful, great condition!
Very durable and basic
Feel amazing look amazing they are amazing great mic audio and great feel
I bought these for my boyfriend because I could not stand hearing the constant shooting noise coming from the Call of Duty game. The dog and I have our peaceful little house back, and do not feel that we under attack by the german army.
I believe that these headphones deserve four stars because the microphone is really clear along with the headphones themself, they also have nice bass. The headset is comfortable to an extent but can be uncomfortable at times but if I myself adjust it just right its pretty nice. I was able to use the Astro headset on my computer. Overall, these are some really nice headphones and i recommend them to gamers that dont want to spend to much but still want something good!
Love the ASTRO A10s, much better than expected. For the build quality and sound production, the price is unbeatable!
Love theses headphones they do get a lil uncomfortable after 3 or 4 hours
Got these as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them!! They are almost sound proof so he can’t hear me when I talk to him, but that’s a good thing for his game!! He is impressed with them and so am I!! Great feel when wearing them though to me they felt kinda heavy.
Great product. My sons only complaint-he wished it were a full headset. It has held up well, works well.
Very nice sound quality and the microphone is very clear, but it is extremely heavy, weighing over 13 oz., whereas other headsets only weight about 8 or 9. After a while of wearing, it can really start to hurt your head and your jaw. Other than this though, great product.
Amazing quality, best microphone for the price, and audio is amazing for first person shooter games. And super durable. I dislike that the headphone cups are too larger for me and has more weight than normal headsets.
Good price for headset with great sound. Very comfortable as well.
The sides are comfortable but not so much the top, which is why I am giving this a four. After a while, the top of my head hurts from the pressure; the cushion is too thin. When you first get the headset, make sure you dont make the mistake of inserting the cord the wrong way. Both sides look identical but they have their own respective slot.
Dont listen to any negative comments about this product. Astro has gone above and beyond creating a very high quality yet affordable product with the ASTRO A10s. They are comfortable and the sound is phenomenal. 100% recommend this head set!!!!!
Great for the price
Does as it says.  sounds pretty nice. not great for locating footsteps or anything special like that but it gets the job done and makes up for the lack of surroundings with very clear sound and fairly tight punchy bass.
Why doesnt the mic work? I hooked it into my dualshock 4 and nobody can hear me. Edit: Nevermind they work flawlessly. The error was on my end NOT the products.
Best microphone Ive ever had in a headset. On discord, my friends noticed I sound clearer and crisper. My only complaint is the comfort of the headphones over longer period sessions. I think this is  because I wear glasses, so the headset pushes a bit harder in these areas. Great sound quality and great price for money overall.
I have the a40 tr headset and mix amp. I saw these were coming out and had to try them out. They have the same speakers in the as the a 40 they sound almost identical to the a 40 when plugged into the mix amp and they sound really good just plugged into the controller as well. They are comfy and the mic sounds crisp overall this is a very good product Ive already bought 2 pair and if my a40s ever break these will become my main headset
I didnt buy the product from Amazon but I thought Id post a short review here anyways. I gave it 4 stars because the cord is a little too long (end up sitting on it or tripping over it if I get up and walk over to somewhere else), and because the volume doesnt get that loud, so if theres a lot of background noise in the house you might have a harder time hearing your game. They are pretty comfortable and seem really durable though.
The quality of the headphones is amazing, both audio and build quality. Seriously, I hear stuff that my Turtle Beach X12s never produced before. They do have some cons. They are kind of tight and they didnt include a PC slitter cable in my box, even though I bought this "PC Version".
Heard about these from Ms. 5000 Watts from the Destiny Community Podcast. For the price you cant go wrong, especially compared to the PS4 gold head set. The audio is surprisingly bassy, with the mic itself crystal clear over the PS4 and PC party chats. Not that I need it, but these headphones are flexible--no joke. Guess its a nice touch just in case? I highly recommend these to any gamer--PS4 or PC--for chatting, listening to gameplay, or even to music on your iPhone.
Best headset ever no problems
If you cant afford some of the more expensive Astro headsets just simply because $200 to $300 dollars is just a ridiculous price for something so silly as a gaming headset then Id for sure go with these. They use the same speakers that are in the A40s and A50s (Astros more expensive headsets) plus use the same material on the earcups! They are so COMFY and they are also so incredibly DURABLE!! dont believe me?? Look up any vid on it and youll see. Now with all that said this is the only $60 dollar headset i know of that it clearly worth it simply by one, using the best of the best technology, and two, made by a trusted brand and company. So i give a huge thanks to Astro for bringing us an inexpensive headset still very good and comfortable for gamers on a budget! 5 star all the way
By far the most comfortable headset Ive ever owned.  I have the Xbox brand headset and a pair of Tritons.  For the money, this is by far the best sounding headset out there.  The Xbox branded ones are great, but for the same price you might as well get these.  My xbox headset started having audio interruptions while watching shows and playing games which is why I got these and so far theyre fantastic!  The lows mids and highs all sounds phenomenal and the overall sound is perfectly balanced.  I picked these up from Best Buy and tried them out on Battlefield 1 and was blown away by the quality of the sound coming through.  Get these and you wont be disappointed!!!  A really nice feature about these is that the headset automatically mutes the mic if it is in the up/vertical position.
Very good headset
I got this within 4 days of ordering... and I gotta say, it was worth it. When I opened it from the amazon shipping box, I was almost disappointed because I have a PS4, but came to find out, all it has is an audio jack, which is just as compatible to the PS4. IF YOU HAVE A PS4 DONT WORRY, THE GREEN ONE ALSO WORKS FOR IT. Im more than happy with the sound and mic quality. And its comfortable. Extremely. If youre looking for a good headset for a good price, this one is worth it.
Great headset.
Amazing sound, durable, comfortable, and affordable. No brainer!
Based on many good reviews on YouTube I decided to purchase this headset. I needed it as soon as possible so I had to buy it from GameStop. Because how cheap this is I was expecting a pretty light weight headset but for my surprise, the headset was as heavy as other more expensive ones so I loved that. The sound are great and he mic is even greater. For this price you won’t find a better headset than this one. Don’t even try to find it.
Who looks at the review section? You dum-dumb.
Nice fitting headset.  Volume is not loud sometimes.  Little bit of echo.
Perfect for gaming
Awesome!!!!!
Awesome
my son love it
Best headset hands down for the price! Definitely recommend
These headphones are perfect for the game who doesnt have a lot of money.  I recommend these to anyone who just needs good cheap headphones.
Comfort
AWESOME SOUND
Delivery was fast and my teenage son said he really likes it.  What more can ya ask for?
Best noise canceling headphones ever
excellent purchase
Headset has great sound. My mic does not echo so my friends in the party love that. Headset does hurt your head after wearing it over and hour though. But other than that the headset is great! The cord is pretty long which is a plus. The headset even works with my ps4 and computer
It’s a really good mic, it house great sound quality. The headset does start to hurt yours ears or head after a while but that’s because I’m wearing them for hours at a time
Great gaming headset, I’m in love with my purchase. I originally purchased these headsets in late October, I’ve put some good amount of usage through these bad boys and I’ll tell you what. These are a steal! They are super sturdy, I’ve thrown these around and they’ve held up. The only problems I’ve had with them is the padding which is to be expected.
Tiny bit tight on the head. The mic works well and mutes itself when you raise it, as advertised. Lightweight. Not great sound. Good for the price.
Good sound quality, but it was not comfortable for my sons small head. Would not recommend for kids under 13. Had to return.
I try not to do long reviews, but it seems fitting for this. The sound is amazing, can easily pinpoint gunfire, footsteps, hear close by reloads, and every other subtle nuance of a game. Great for any game; from COD or Battlefield, to Forza, to music based games like Rock Band. Also great for watching movies you really want that surreal experience with and music on the go. So comfortable, it’s almost like you aren’t wearing anything, yet durable enough to stand up to the abuse of everyday competitive gaming. Love that the cord detaches at both ends, as most headsets I’ve had ended up having cord problems; with this headset you can replace the cord for $10-20 instead of the price of a whole new headset. Best in price range headset I’ve ever owned, and I’ve owned Turtle Beach’s and Tritton’s.
Great headset, I have 2 now (one for each console), and will probably get another to carry. My only gripe, as others have stated, theyre a little tight for big heads (my son stated this), and the ear cups could have a little more room on the interior of the pads, they are continuous contact with the top and bottom of my ears... and they start to get irritated after extremely long use.
I expected the sound to be better since its an astro headset but then again its a 60$ astro headset so I shouldve lowered my expectations. That doesnt mean that it sounds bad, actually the sound is really good. but I expected better.
my 16 y/o gamer son loves it and he is a pro
Thumbs up for this. Good for gaming.
suprisingly good for the price. I cant here my girlfriend nag at me anymore when Im gaming with these on. These are the first headphones that I had that literally have noise cancelling technology. Super fun. very comfortable as well and stylish.
Well my son seems to  like them and he has not broken them yet...
The sound is ok nothing special but is a great reliable headset that will last very long in my opnion.
Totally gooooooood my broooooooo kek
A great gaming headset, especially for the price and quality of the headset. Another added bonus is that the headset is manufactured by an amazing, and trusted company. The A10s are the first high-quality, affordable gaming headset made by Astro. Id highly suggest purchasing this item!
Awful Packaging. I gave this product 5 stars anyway because the headset itself is so nice. My 1st thought was “This headset has been worn” repackaged with poor (unprofessional) invisible tape. But upon the unboxing, the product was so sturdy and heavy I immediately fell in love. Inside of the box, everything looked brand new and untouched. The headset works like a dream too, with my reason for buying this (Flip-to-Mute) being the 1st thing I tested. Great headset. Bad packaging, but that’s just the cover of the book I suppose. Will definitely recommend this seller & product.
A+++
Great sound
like, reccomend
First of all, they are very heavy on my tiny boy head BUT they sound pretty great :D
Very comfy, you hear very well, its like really expensive ones but at a fair price of not having it bluetooth (Probally the best budget ones)
They were uncomfortable at first but as I wore them more and more, they became bearable. Mic doesnt pick up outside noise unless they are close to it which is a plus. Sounds are good, loud enough to tune out outside noise.
I Purchased these gaming headphones for my stepson as a replacement to the Astro A50.  No matter how much we tried we could not get the A50 headset to work. We returned  the A50’s and purchased the A-10s. He says that they sound phenomenal and they are extremely easy to use essentially plug-and-play. . He says that they are comfortable and can game for several hours without being uncomfortable.Would definitely recommend this product based on sound quality comfort and ease of use.
Great quality headset
Great sound quality. Would purchase from seller again.
Great!!
The head overall is a good budget headset choice. The sound is decent for the price but the mic is better then most high end headset. I also like how it came with a y cable even though a lot of reviews told me it doesn’t come with one.
Amazing product for a more than reasonable price, love them
fits my head snug which my previous headset did not (I have an average to slightly below average head). The ear pieces are made of nice material and softer than I expected. Overall these have some weight to them which make them feel like high quality headphones and the sound matches the feel. Overall these are great headsets for the cost. Despite being around $60 the quality matches some that I have tried on that are well above $100. Great purchase.
Bought these for my gamer husband and he loves them.  They do a good job at blocking outside noise. The sound quality is good,  as well as the mic.  They are a bit heavy and bulky though but they still are a great buy for the money.
Its not too big like the usual Astros so its not so heavy on your head. The sound quality is great I can hear the footsteps clearly in games like WW2 and Rainbow six siege. Ive used it to hear some music and I definitely enjoy it
Best headset for $60. Good quality sound, great microphone. Ive owned other, more expensive headsets, but this one is better than all of them. Only complaint is that the cushion on the top may get uncomfortable after a while, but it doesnt happen that often. Overall, this is an amazing headset worth every penny.
Very nice compare to price
Very nice headset especially for the price. Can be a bit uncomfortable at first but easy to get used to and has good audio quality. Would recommend.
Really like them but the jack broke in my controller the first night.
Amazing still works to this day.
I originally ordered the blue playstation headset because of the color but instead I got the green xbox headset. I was a little mad at first but although I didnt get the color I wanted It was still a headset and the headset quality is great. I really like it when Im playing R6S because I could hear almost everything.
Comfortable, sounds great, sounds good, but the cord breaks easily. Ive had to buy a whole new a10 just for the cord.
I bought these at gamestop but still wanted to leave a review. This is an awesome gaming headset. Very comfortable and great sound. Worth the investment.
my grandson loved them
Good headset for the money! I’m going to stick with this company. And very durable
Was a Christmas gift for my grandson and he is extremely please with it.
Definitely one of the best headsets I’ve owned. I’m a average daily gamer and play FPS games that require communication and excellent hearing and these headphones do the job. The mic is clear and everyone can hear me greatly as well as being able to hear them clearly. The audio is amazing. Better than the past Turtle Beach headsets that I’ve used for years, I can hear enemies footsteps around me which gives me an advantage to knowing where they are at. It’s so crisp and clear that I can hear everything going on around me like real surround sound. The bass kicks pretty hard just enough that it adds realism to your game and I love it! Ear cushions themselves are soft and comfy and fit well, the headset is very flexible and should be able to fit anyone’s head. I have to wear glasses and normally I get headaches from headsets ear cushions pressing too hard against my head, but these ones are soft enough I don’t feel the pressure from it. I’ve used the headset with my phone already and as well as games sounding amazing, so will your music. Again it has clear audio so you can hear everything and bass is perfect! Design looks and feels durable. The 3.5mm audio cable that comes with it is a little over 6 feet long. If you’re looking for your first headset or need a change in brand and need something that performs well, I highly suggest this headset.
I have been gaming for many years. And in those years, I have owned many, many headsets. One of my friends suggested I try these out. I can tell you, these are amazing. The pros: -very comfortable. Probably the best feeling headset I have ever owned. They seem a little heavy in your hands, but fit comfortably once you put them on. -volume is great. I need a headset can be turned up pretty loud. These have a built in volume control to adjust to your preference. -sound quality is fantastic. Out of the many headsets I have used, these have the best overall sound quality. The cons: -there is not mute toggle switch. To mute your mic, you must put the mic in the up position. Still does the job, but I prefer a toggle switch. - after a long session, the head pad on the top tends to put a lot of pressure on your head. Takes quite a while to get to this point. This really Is a great headset. Can’t go wrong here.
Works great! Very clear and bass-y. Great value at this price point. If you have it in your budget, then I’d recommend getting the combo mixamp as well.
This a great headset for viewing videos and gaming great for the price
Great headset, comfortable, good quality mic, and still light weight The flip up to mute mic is weird to get used to but I like it Sound quality is up there as well I just wish I could lower the party chat volume and raise the in game volume
I really like these headsets, they have great sound and theyre very comfortable. The only thing that i dont like its that you have to fold and unfold the mic in order to mute it, it would be nice to have a button or switch near your controller. This way you dont have to take your hand off the controller.
son has had them now for 3 months and says he loves them.  took a few days to get used to them with his new glasses but says he loves them--comfortable, sound is great, mic works great on PS4.  we will see how long they last--had another brand before these and after about a year the black cushion started to peel and stick to his ears.
Easily the best headphones Ive ever owned. Super comfortable (I wear glasses and my Skullcandy ones were too uncomfortable to wear with my glasses, squishing them into my head), amazing sound quality, great mic. What more could you want? Ive been noticing lots of audio details in games that I hadnt noticed before with either other headphones or surround sound home theater.
Great for the price. I use them to play PUBG and they do just fine/ can hear direction of shots fired and footsteps without issues. Also I have a very large head and they fit me comfortably.
Great headphones
Greatest
My husband just told me he loved them! Great sound, the feeling is comfortable and its not too tight. I also heard his roommate while he was talking to me lol so needless to say the mic is pretty decent too!
After 8months of use I started encounting a problem with the chord itself as in the section for volume tends to have a short circuit in which only 1 side would play as dominant but if I slightly touch it they both play as equal apart from that the Mic and sound quality is amazing for the price. Thinking of buying a new one if i cant find a replacement for the chord. NB. I cant hear the slightest if moves a enemy makes.
I loved it , it’s comfortable and the surround sound is amazing! But it can be a little louder I found that while playing certain games it was very low I had to go to the game settings and turn up the volume. Also if you were glasses they do push up against your head so it gets uncomfortable real fast but over great item
great sound quality!
The headset is loud and very comfortable an affordable for $60 I would definitely recommend to a friend
Amazing headset. Price was well worth it. They are durable and quite comfortable. The sound from them is amazing, you can hear footsteps from exactly where they are. They have a ton of bass and the mic quality is decent!
These are definitely the best set of headphones Ive ever owned! Solid construction, very comfortable and they sound great! Didnt have to pay $200.000 either! Cant go wrong buying these!!
Very fast shipping thanks to amazon prime. I’ve used it a full day now, out the box I was astounded, very slick awesome design, everything I needed was included nothing missing. I plugged it right up to my Xbox controller and had to go through my options to set it up to work, when I finally got it to work I heard the amazing sound. Incredible base perfect for gaming, the headset fits so snuggly and comfortably over your head and ears. Very good for long hours of gaming. At first I thought the mic didn’t work, and with a little research I learned that I didn’t plug the aux jack in far enough on the A10 side. As soon as I did the mic worked good as new. The Mic sound / game sound integration is perfect, I haven’t heard such quality from anything yet. The removable jack makes it really durable in my opinion and prevents you from accidentally dropping or pulling the cord off and breaking it. I didn’t have to buy the mixer Amp for the Xbox that’s a lie, all these negative reviews are false I truly advice you buy this headset you have my word that for 60$ you won’t find a sexier more perfect headset for Xbox or any console including PC.
They are nice in all, but I dont like that they feel heavy compared to my Corsair Void Pros. This heaviness hurts the top of my head when wearing over periods longer than five minutes. I also find that the ear cups are ok, but they are sometimes tight and needed some breaking in to make comfortable. With all of this said I do find that the mic is good for the price, the sound quality is four out of five with some minor stuttering which could be caused by the controller connection, and the cord is long enough for you to walk a few feet from your controller to get a drink. Dont let my negatives detour you from the good thing in this, I focus on the negatives more then the positives, there are way more positives then negatives. For the price which i paid it was way more then worth it.
Very nice headset Feels amazing quality is great
Picked these up from Walmart because I was looking for some headphones to play fortnite with. I can say that these have some pretty great sound. You can hear gunfire and footsteps and all that good stuff. The mic is also super great. My friends say it’s so clear that it’s like I’m there. The only reason I’m giving these four out of five stars is because the padding on the very top could be better for sure. Honestly though, it’s not that bad, I just wish it was better. The earcups are comfy though. Nice soft padding. Overall, good headphones with good sound and a great mic.
first pair had a defect-easily returned and the next pair works perfect!! My son is 20 and very happy with the quality of the head set. Thank you!
Great headset. My son loved it for Christmas.
so far so good no complaints
Recommended to me by a buddy. Great buy for the money high quality good enough for anyone surely who’s career isn’t video games:
excellent
This is my first gaming headset, so I have nothing really to compare it too. I however own many headsets for music and by far these are the most comfortable. My ears dont get hot when playing too long. The whole muting the mic when putting it up is convenient. 
I bought mine from Best Buy and it performs great my friends though I was using a 100 dollar mic
Great sound quality
Feela worth far more than $60. My first Astro headset. Great quality, easy to use and get hooked up, everything and more that I paid for. Very durable. Astro did a great job. Feels like I spent over $100. Affordable and fantastic!
Really great microphone and speaker sound. The build quality really good for what youre paying. Would recommend you to buy it.
I thought this headset would not be any good, however, to my surprise, it produces crisp highs and deep lows all while being built like a tank. The only problem is after a few hours of use it begins to hurt your head - something that happens with most headsets anyway.
Get it! It is a great value! Sounds great and the red one comes with a Y splitter
My 14 year old got these as a Christmas gift and absolutely loves them. Great sound quality, very comfortable.
Excellent headset! Well made and great sound.
Knowing these are my 1st gaming headset, I cant really compare much but I can say that these are pretty good especially for the price.
I’m guessing I should have bought the mixer too, because my  Microsoft Xbox One headset (which itself had crap build quality, the fabric on THAT started tearing in 2 days, and I stepped on them and shattered it later on, but the sound itself was great) had better details in the sound (footsteps were clearer, though the A10s are decent with that too) but like I said I didn’t but the A10 mixer and will rectify that soon. These A10s do seem more well balanced in general though and if I didn’t have wireless headphones for music I would use them for that too and the stereo effect on these are way more noticeable. Also these Astro A10s flex and seem unbreakable, which is good. I also like the push mic up to silent feature and the volume control, even though my Xbox headset mixer does that too. Oh yeah, this are more comfortable over my ears. My ONLY complaint is that the cord is ridiculously long and is proprietary, meaning a regular aux cord will not work because both ends aren’t the same size. But for the price, I don’t think there’s anything better. Wish that mixer was cheaper though... PS, I play mostly Battlefield, an FPS shooter.
Honestly this is a great headset for the money just that for me it fits snug around the ears which reduces the amount of time I can keep it on while gaming.
very gooooooood
Dont think about it...just buy them!
Love them but after long use they get kind of uncomfortable on the top as there isnt much padding, bht A1 mic and headset
Excellent headset for the price. The A10s are lighter weight than the A50s and fit me really well. My friends said I sound crisp and clear, I use this headset for all my consoles including my Nintendo Switch (Fortnite).
Very nice quality and sound for the price.
My grandson loved this headset!
I have owned nicer model Astros before and I couldnt tell you the difference between those and these. Great buy.
4 stars because like most of the reviews say, these are great and sound great and feel great, however they don’t offer true surround sound, footsteps can be heard from both ear cups and you definitely can’t tell which side some sounds are coming from, other than that these are still great and would definitely recommend
I can’t say one negative thing about these headsets. Price point in great! Highly recommend for those looking for a high quality gaming set without trying to sale an arm and a leg.
Works well and worn for hours.
for a 60 dollar headset they are amazing and durable the sound quality is great and the mic is great the only con is in my opinion they are not the most comfortable in the world but they are $60 and they are a steal
This is my very first headset, and this is by far the best for you buck. I highly recommend  picking this headset up. 5 stars all the way.
Perfect!!!
Love this headset so comfortable and the bass is great I’d compare it to turtle beach if you don’t want to spend a ton on headphones and want good quality get these!
I had the just got the Astro A10, such a great headset for being so cheap. I mean come on same speakers as the Astro A40 
I love this headset so far, I received it as a late Christmas gift, Its a very nice headset, the ear pads are a very soft and cushiony like material. I wish amazon would give half stars as reviews, this would be a 4.5/5 because my only gripe is about the cushioning at the top of the headband is a little smaller than I like, but it doesnt bother me much, if not at all. The mic is clear and it doesnt interfere with my glasses or make it hurt to wear glasses with them on. (for all of you glasses wearers out there, thought this might help) I would strongly recommend this headset for the price. Oh and P.S. any color will work with any system, they all come with the Y-Splitter for PC and it will work on the Nintendo switch also. Thank you Astro for making a Budget oriented headset.
very comfortable and sounds great
Amazing gaming headset for the price.
Great headset for the price, they sound amazing and very durable. I am very happy with this purchase.
Great headset!
Ok so I have had this for over a month, I have been using these headset for both my Xbox one x and ps4. This is a great headset with excellent sound, quality and a superb build. I only have 2 things that Im not a big fan on, first the loudness of the speakers, knowing that these speakers are the same ones that are offered in the premium addition I was expecting something louder. Yes these do sound amazing and if you are a gamer then you will be able to pinpoint your opponent but as far as the volume is concerned its not as loud as I would like. If you are chatting with you friends online that is one time I did have to turn the volume down from the maximum level. The second is comfort, they do have a really good feeling while you are warring it. After a long gaming session though, for multiple hours, I felt the pressure of them on the top of my head. I also ware glasses and you could feel the pressure from the ear pads on the side of my head. All in all this is a wonderful headset for the price and I do recommend these to all.
They are very nice headphones. They are great for rainbow and even better for ear raping friends
My youngest daughter is a gamer now and I have a pair of the A50s for the x1and love them so I saw a cheaper version and hit a home run she loves them
I love thm there so good n lound The thing I hate is the cable is long n if u have it some where is dangle up it start get mess up
Perfect I love these headphones!  Definitely Worth it!!!
I like the surround sound and the quality of the speakers, but one thing I disliked was you’re notbable to hear your voice when talking. That isn’t a big problem but the headset is good for noise cancellation so it is hard to hear yourself. Also the headset is very durable, but also heavy and it takes a while to get use to the weight on your head.
Best budget headset by far. I’m an enthusiastic gamer and have no problem playing long sessions with these headphones. For sure would recommend.
Works great
For the price you aint gonna find anything better then this. I just wish they were wireless
My son rec this headset for Christmas. He loves it. Great sound -great price.
Si tuvieran bluetooth serian mucho mejor.
Really amazing quality. Good price amazing sound. I would totally recommend this to anyone to anyone who wants a fantastic headset. Totally beats turtle beach!
This was a gift for my 16 year old brother who loves to game on his Xbox One! Heres what he has to say about them: I love this new head set! The A10s are a really good price for the quality and comfort they provide. I previously had a pair of PX24 Turtle beaches and they were more expensive, but this headset beats it in all aspects. It has more bass and depth than my previous headset. Also, its glasses friendly, doesnt dig into the side of your head, and you can play for hours with comfort. Overall, he loved it and hes been using them nonstop! It was the perfect gift for Christmas! They got delivered very quickly too, within 2 days with Amazon Prime!
I was very impressed with the quality of the audio and premium feel of the headset itself.
I prefer wired headsets and plug into the Xbox One controller. It comes with a detachable 3.5mm cable. The flip to mute microphone is great.
grandson hasnt opened it yet
I checked them out for about two seconds before my son, who this item was purchased for, confiscated them and I have yet to experience exactly what the quality is, lol. Now, my son loves them, and says they are the best ever, so for what that is worth!
The headset worked perfectly, although it was a tight fit at first as expected, after some time of wearing it, it fits comfortably and the audio along with the mic works great.
It’s comfortable and it’s cheap great price for $60 for Astro headset.
My friend absolutely loved the gift. And enjoys using the flip feature for muting!
Very good headsets, my friends tell me when I speak through the mic that I’m very clear and the sound for the headphones are excellent. They can get uncomfortable sometimes but doesn’t really bother me. I still give it 10/10
Fit nice sound great
Good headset for the money. Sounds great clear and crisp. Bass not overpowering. Mic awesome too. Only downside wich the earcups were I bit bigger , but overall they are excellent.
Headset came in like new condition with instructions. Comfortable fit. I can use these for hours without ear aches
Work good.
Very happy thank you so much ... excellent service
I got this for my brother and he loves it. Ive worn it as well and they are very comfortable to wear as well as the sound quality being really nice. The sound obviously isnt as good as the a40s or a50s but great for its price. They are also very durable.
Ive got a big head so these arent the best for me, but I bought a pair for each of my boys and theyre great.  Id recommend these or the HyperX cloud stinger for first time buyers.
The plug  you have to mess with it. Sound quality is okay. Mic works on and off
Very comfortable only grievance is cord is a little too long
Im writing this review on the day I received the headphones. Ill edit in about a week or two with an update. So far, Im really liking them! Came in good, protective packaging, and they look like new. The mic quality (from what I can tell) is really good and is the main reason I purchased. The audio quality isnt the best but definitely not the worst, and because these are more for gaming and not for music, I dont mind that. The audio sounds good enough with music. Got a normally $70 headset (price from Astros website) for about $25!!
Id recommend it. I play games a lot have had no issues wearing them long periods and the sound quality is good and loud. Definitely loud enough for playing games like cod for search and destroy. Came with adapter so i can use for xbox and pc.
Getting straight to the point. Pros: 1. I got pretty big ears, the fact that the muffs can cover my ears completely is already a plus 2. Speaking of the earmuffs, super compy and soft 3. Audio plays with precision. I can tell clearly which direction a player is coming from 4. The microphone is flexible so I can readjust accordingly to my liking 5. The cable is an aux cord, so can be replaced, also the length of it is perfect, enough wire from my desktop to my head Cons: 1. Bro, I have a big head, even though the earmuffs are super compy, I can probably wear the headset for at most 3 hours before I start feeling the stress around my temples. I purchased the headset used and honestly buying it used is the way to go. Not only is it super cheap, but the headset is practically new definitely a pro gamer move on my part!
Great headset for the money! Coming from a modified beats set with a boom mic. This has much better sound. More enveloped, richer, better base, clarity and quality, blows the beats away, which are $200. BTW, this is the same speakers and mic thats in the A40 and A50, for a fraction of the price. Works perfectly with ps4 pro, Xbox one s, switch, and cell phone with the 3.5 jack. Its stero sound, but with current headsets Id avoid the surround sets for much more. They do NOT play well across multiple platforms. Ill be getting a surround set next Gen, but they better work with everything. Bottom line, you can spend much more, but not necessarily get more.
Awesome headset! It’s an amazing value for the price. I use this for Call of Duty and Fortnite, and can hear other players footsteps very clear! Exactly what I was looking for in a headset at this price point.
Great headset , would recommend it to anyone not wanting to spend too much money on a quality competitive headset.
Worked very well.
He loves these
Very good sound and feels good to the ears
They are comfortable, sound good, and the mic is also fantastic
I found the sound quality quite good and many functions, like the easy on/off by swinging the mic and the conveniently long cord, make them my main headset. However, I will say theyre a bit heavy/bulky and I will not infrequently develop a headache if I use them for very long. Im going to try wearing a hat between my head and the headset to see if I can offset this issue. However, its certainly possible this wouldnt be a problem for other people and could be related to other health problems I have.
This is a great product
It’s good
Got the product and realized that I got more for the price not only did I get the headphones cheaper but I also got astro m60 mixamp with it all and all save $60+
Works great and good sound
[Positives] Sound is good. Wrap around ear cushions are soft and comfortable. [My Gripes] At least I think I have average sized ears. I have to literally tuck that dangly part of my ears up to get this headset on. After a good hour or so the top of my head hurts (I have a buzz cut) where the padding is located and I realize this thing is super heavy. Maybe Im just a pansy. I feel like a headache is coming on again. Im going to retire these.
Very loud, but not good at sound canceling.
