It was really good for a budget headset only problem was the mic quit working a couple months after I bought it
The most important thing I look for in a headset is comfort. I was very disappointed in this headset as I would play for a short amount of time and already feel soreness in my ears. Also because the headset cord is detachable on from the headset itself it comes unplugged very often and it seems at the worst times.
My headphones did not come with the cord  But as I’m ordering it online it said it comes with evrything
We bought it in january and it doesnt work right now.  Do not waste your money.
This product failed after 60 days. Now I have to go through the hassles of dealing with the manufacture. Dont buy this product.
Bought these to try em out. Very comfortable and has pretty good sound quality. Few things I didn’t like was that the cord was so long my chair would roll over it, after a few months of me using them pretty frequently friends in discord started saying my mic audio was really bad, like ear rape bad. Then people in game started to say the same. I’ve swapped out and tried different headphones to see if it was t my computer or internet doing it but the problem wasn’t there with other headphones. Other than that I enjoyed my time with them.
A friend of mine recommended this headset to me for ps4. However, I had a way worse experience than he dude. When the headset arrived, it was faulty and you could only hear out of both ears if you held and rotated the aux cord to a specific position. Otherwise you’re only hearing out of either the right or left ear. In addition, the headset would cut dialogue from any cutscenes that I’d be in so not only am I only hearing out of one ear, I can’t even hear game dialogue. Not cool
My son received these on Christmas but he didnt use them immediately.  Once he started using them, there was only one side of the headphone that was working.  It was to late to return.
The quality is just so so, but you get what you pay for. Connecting wire from headset to X-Box is already loose and one speaker completely cuts out unless you hold the wire a certain way. The sad part is that there is not even 20 hrs of gaming on them as I have been on the road working. Have had too long to return, so all i can do is write a review and tell folks.... buyer beware..
Received headphones on time they where suppose to be in used/very good condition but upon inspection and smelling them they stink of someone else wearing them. Disgusting i will not even be letting my son put these on his head. Just nasty. Update upon further inspection headphones where full of dandruff in the ear piece creases
makes your ears hurt after an hr or so,  way to stiff and uncomfortable
I did not buy this product from amazon but I did buy it from walmart.  Overall a really good headset for the price. Pros: -very good sound quality -decent noise cancellation -good mic -very comfortable ear muffs -easy to set-up -flip-to-mute mic -adjustable mic arm -good compression to eliminate any background noise -long wire -good volume range (low to high noise) -good build quality Cons: -after 1-2 hours the top of the headset digs into your head which cause extreme discomfort and left a temporary  indent in my head skin -padding on the top of the headset is little to none -cheap rubber on the wire -cant flip ear muffs to rest on my neck but rests comfortably anyway -flip-to-mute works if your wearing the headset correctly but if you make noise on the mic while its flipped up it will let some audio through -a fits most head sizes -lastly the ear muffs can pull on your ears down because they are kind of heavy
Cant get the flip mic to work and my teammates can barely hear me and I cant hear them.
This product has bad sound but they are cute
The sound is pretty good and its overall a really good head set i purchased this around 5 months ago and i just started having a issue with the mic where it sounded like a robot and i take really good care of my stuff so i dont really know what the issue is but sometimes it works perfectly but at times i have that issue.
The only issue I have with this headset is that the cushion under the headband will hurt your scalp after a couple of minutes of wearing it. Besides that, this headset is good everywhere else like sound, microphone, & ear comfort.
The headset did not work when it came in.
Right out of the box, the audio is perfectly fine, works as intended. The headsets mic however does not pick up through the actual mic, and instead picks up faint audio through the actual ear muffs, and if I tap the ear muffs or speak directly into where they would be placed on your ears, it detects faint audio through the microphone, so I cant even use the mic. Awful. I already requested a refund but so far no response.
They lasted less than a year.  The microphone doesnt work half the time and some times there is a staticky noise that is intolerable to listen to.  My sons birthday is coming up now that it is almost a year later and he is asking for a new set.  What a let down.
So I got the headset when it said I would and I opened the box and saw a really cool headset. But than I put it on and it only worked in one ear. I spent 60 dollars on something totally useless. I would keep browsing for a headset if I were you
The ear part does NOT cover your ear as much as they should. They somewhat cancel out sound. They are very loud. My 13 year old actually ended up giving them to his little brother and went with the TB Stealth 600.
Bought this for my 10 year old son. Bought it with the expectation that this was a more durable/rugged headset. Apparently it wasnt. The audio plays only on the right side and the mic is broken. What a waste.
Bought this headset 3 months ago and it is already broken. The nib that inserts into the controller is broken and does not function. Support suggests it is my fault the nib is broken and does nothing to help me fix it. Buyer beware. It works great for a very little while then breaks after regular use.
A lot of other reviewers have already said this, but these headphones put a ton of pressure on the top of your head. I have a few other pairs, and these are already the heaviest of the group, but that tiny, thin (not thin as in amount of padding, but thin as in the front-to-back dimension) pad on the top of the headset actually causes more pain than it alleviates. If I planned on keeping these (Im not) Id rip it off and would either add my own padding or would go without any padding and just use the rubberized plastic headband as-is. Sadly, UPS lost/delayed my audio extension, so I cant try these for an extended period, but plugging it into my media PC and standing up to test, the audio quality for both input and output were great. The best out of any AiO headset that Ive had (not as good as dedicated music headphones, but better than most for gaming headsets) Its just sad that theyre so heavy/uncomfortable.
Ive had this headset for about 5 months now. Used it with my Xbox One S. Sound quality is great, but they are very uncomfortable. Very heavy on the top of your head. The cable is replaceable but if it gets damaged where can you find a cable that has a volume adjustment wheel on it? The mic is good and I like that its flexible but it doesnt stay where you bend it. They do cancel out background noise pretty good though and they are durable. Do yourself a favor and go for a good quality wireless headset.
My son has had these headphones for 3 months and they no longer work. Nothing broken or bent - they just stopped working. They only had a 90 day product warranty so $60 of his own money and he now has nothing. Do not buy this product!
Tried it on ps4, pc, notebook but the mic doesnt work...
The only issue I have right now with this product is that the jack connection to the headphones, sometimes I have to play with it to be able to hear out of both ears. Otherwise I only get noise out of the left ear and not the right.
Headphones are very quiet. Right ear went out within three months of light use.
So my buddy has a pair of these and they work wonderfully. Completely fabulous. So I checked on Amazon and I was told that if I bought it “used, like new” then I would be able to save $15. Well when they got to my doorstep, the right speaker wouldn’t work. No matter how hard I tried the right speaker would not work. I watched countless YouTube videos on it, to no avail. I sent them back and I’m ordering a brand new pair
The padding is terrible on your head. You will start to feel the pressure and pain on your head once you have it on for a period of time. For those hardcore gamers that play hours every day, I would not buy this headphone just because of the little padding. Everything else seems fine but the padding it terrible! I had to fold up some papers and use that has my padding and it feel much better! How are you going to let some paper feel better than your padding?
Honestly this would have been a good headset to use but the first day of unboxing and testing it out only one side of the headphone was working and the microphone wasn’t working at all. I followed every guide to troubleshoot and still nothing. I saw many other reviews saying they were having the same issues. Definitely returning and getting my money back and highly disappointed.
Very uncomfortable. The sound quality was everything I expected for the price range and the mic provided good voice quality. The problem is with the pad at the top center that rests on your head. It’s too small and really aggravates the top of your head. I found myself adjusting the headset every few minutes. When plugging it directly into an Xbox controller there is a lot of cable left over and is kind of annoying. I haven’t worn it in a week and the top of my head hurts just thinking about it.  Ended up returning it.
Is not designed with a human head in mind. My friends agree it’ll hurt the top of your head and compress your ears.
stopped working not long after purchase.  dont think any warranty is offered
I own many headsets, razor, steel series and etc.. All sub par headsets. This particular headset has alright audio, I dislike the plug into controller only but yea. Reason I give it two stars is that the cushioning under the arch is terribly painful after not long, it seriously hurts and is hilariously firm.
Keep having to pull cord in and out until it connects. Can take up to 10-15 minutes for it to work. Do not buy
When I got them I could only hear out of one ear and the mic didn’t even work I had to return them and it was not worth it
fresh out of the box only one speaker works and thats if I turn the plug non stop im so mad …..
My mic didn’t work don’t buy
Used these for one night and returned them. I was using them on my Xbox One. Pros: * felt OK at sides while wearing glasses * mic can flip out of your way * in line volume control for only headset volume Cons: * Too much pressure from top of band, uncomfortable * cable too long, it plugs into an Xbox controller in your hands, needs a shorter cable and optional extension cable instead * too quiet, even with all settings max volume, sound quality and loudness was subpar compared to similarly priced HyperX headsets * only fabric ear cups, no alternative ear cups. Fabric just gets way too gross over time and collects lint too easily. Leather/pleather option would of been greatly appreciated Overall, if I had got them for like $40, Id overlook a lot of the issues, but since theres really good HyperX headsets for only $10 more, these Astros just dont cut it. They just arent a good budget headset.
I bought these as a gift for a friend who has to play with ear buds. He was excited to get the upgrade, but brand new out of the box, there is no team chat audio. Game audio is fine. We know its not the controller, ear buds work fine. I bought these because I have the A 50s and love them, but these A 10s are trash even brand new. Watse of money and time. Going to have to get him to go through the process of returning it so I can gift him another brand. Hyper X mics go out in a year so I dont know what to get him now really. Update: I got the friend I gifted these to to go through a return process with me and try another pair. Amazon sent a new pair and shipping label to him and he returned the faulty pair. These work well he said, but Im still only bumping up to 2 stars because Im tired of buying things and them arriving broken brand new out of the box. Hard to trust any brand these days.
I’ve been trying to find a good gaming headset for months. This is supposed to be a solid company. When the product arrived one of the head phones was dead. DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT IS GARBAGE!!!!
Really nice and comfortable headset but mine stopped working after dropping it 3 ft onto my carpet
These headphones only lasted like 3 months and I lost sound from one ear cup. These headphones are not worth it. The cable is too weak apparently and the sound is not even that loud. Look elsewhere!
DO NOT BUY NOT EVEN A WEEK AND THE MIC BROKE
like said sounds great a good price but really uncomfortable as hell unlike the A40 or A50
i bought the mic had it delivered to my house on october 30th and by 5pm on october 31st the audio worked but the mic didn’t and now to have it replaced after i spent an extra $8 on the warranty i have to pay for shipping to send it back after i was able to use it for a whole 24 hours. would recommend turtle beaches i’m now back to using the pair that i have had for three years. thanks astro.
Super comfortable. Unfortunately had to return due to a malfunction with the mic. No problems with refund.
Their ok. The low end could be a bit deeper, the highs just a bit brighter and the mids well balanced. The mic seems be be pretty good since nobody seems to have issues heading me. I wished I could hear my own voice through the headphones as I’m playing but not sure if that’s a headphone thing or an Xbox setting. (Let me know if you have any insite) The size of the cups could be a bit bigger also. I don’t have big ears (at least I don’t think) but my ears don’t fit 100% inside the cup. The cup is half on my ear and half off which feels odd but not terrible to make them unwearable. If these ever broke, I would not buy them again.
Worked for two months....cord shorted and now only one ear works....junk
The sole spot of padding on top puts far to much pressure right there on your head to be comfortable.
The product is great. The headset is awesome but the big issue I am having is the cord that plugs into the headset itself. I am not sure if they sent me a bad cord but I have to keep on moving the cord around so I can actually talk in party chat. Not sure if this is an occurring issue that others are experiencing.
Decent for the first month comfortable. Started cutting in and out after that, no big problem just unplug it plug it back in then the 3rd month the headphones just stopped working
The item i received the box was opened and an item is missing ( headphone jack ) !
1 star because the microphone on it doesnt work. I tried my 3.5mm jack on the headset slot and tried the splitter on the sound/mic 3.5mm slots. Both attempts did not work. When using the splitter it was just relaying the audio I was getting into the microphone and people in my chat could hear themselves and any other audio on my PC.
These were bad. Maybe just got a bad pair but they were an Easter gift for my son and one ear had no sound and the other ear was all static. Very disappointmented.
The headset worked well while it worked which was about 6 months. The microphone worked but no sound came though the headset. I would recommend spending a little more and getting a better made headset.
The mic died after a couple of months. Audio still works fine. Other headsets I’ve owned lasted for years.
Mic didnt work from day one of receiving this headset. Such a bummer!
I contacted both Amazon and Astro because one earphone was not working when it arrived. After about an hour on the telephone, being on hold and being passed from one operator to another, we concluded the maybe the wire was faulty and they would send me a new one. After i put the phone down i have heard nothing or received anything from either company.
Less than a month and the mic already doesn’t work.
It doesn’t work! Only one ear gets sound. And I’m always muted.
Broke within a couple mouths of use took good care of it headphone jack became loose and wouldn’t hold in the headphone cable.
Audio cable is too long.
I bought the product at 32.95 and now I want to order it again do to there negligence it came broken to me, nowthe price is 58.95 crazy. not happy.
This headset suddenly stopped working altogether last night.  Conveniently, the return window closed on January 31st.  Go for a better quality headset if you’re looking for one, this one is garbage !
Stopped working within 2 months!!
Cant turn down chat volume. Chat volume over takes game volume
Headset stopped working within a month of use. The return window expired so this is very disappointing.
Do not buy this crap *** headset.  It will last for a few months then cause nothing but static to the ppl you are playing with
Said it was compatible with Xbox One gaming console, could never get it to work. Microphone never functioned properly. Sent back for refund.
Purchased as a Christmas gift and the microphone doesnt even work! Over priced for such a cheaply made item. Disappointed.
Worked for 6 months then broke.
I purchased these and was very excited to test them out but as soon as I put them on they put a lot of pressure on the top of my head. These are not a lightweight headset but I have to give it to them when it comes to the audio performance and the flip to mute microphone is always nice to have. The headband is way too heavy and the padding isnt great at all so if you are looking for something to wear during long gaming sessions I wouldnt recommend these but I mean what can you expect from a $60 headset its got great audio and the ear pads are quite comfy but they have gotten too hot on my ears. These arent the type of headsets you will forget you are wearing. Also one plus is that they are very durable which is my main reason I purchased these. It feels like they are sinking into the top of your skull just way too heavy for me. Time to find another headset yay... :|
Disclosure: I picked up a pair at Gamestop, not on Amazon. While they seem like a solid pair of headphones with really good audio, if I wear them long enough, I always wake up with a migraine the next day. They are a little on the snug side, I wish there was a way to adjust them width-wise.
I use this product for my Xbox one S, my order came and the mic was broke and there was scratches all over the headset! I was very disappointed and I didn’t even get a refund.!
My son liked these at first but should last longer than 6 months
Only one half of the headset worked
I have had this headset for a few months now. I bought it new from GameStop for $60 and it worked as expected. The sounds were pretty crisp, I had no problems with the mic, and they are very durable. After a few weeks of use, however, they started to constantly cut out. I would have to wiggle it around to get sound to come out clear, and even then it still cut out pretty frequently. After a while it stopped working altogether, unless I bent the cord in a certain way that is impossible to play with. Overall, this is a great headset in terms of build quality. But in terms of actually working? Not so much. I would reccomend just getting a wireless headset, as this seems to happen with most of the wired headsets I have owned. Side note: for the people saying that sound is only coming out of one ear; the bigger end of the aux cord gets plugged into the headset itself, while the smaller end gets plugged into the controller. They are two different sized ends, and so if you plug it in backwards the sound is not going to come out right. Another side note: for the people saying that they can barely hear anything, even with the headset volume turned all the way up; click the Xbox shortcut menu button, scroll over to the settings tab, click on audio, and adjust the slider that says “Headset volume” to your desired level.
Good budget, good sound, hurts my ears and head after an hour or 2 soon im gonna upgrade to the A40 TRs
Sometimes they work and sometimes they just cut off in the middle of a game. They are not reliable. Maybe I just got a defective pair.
I have no issues with Amazon.  Acer help is nonexistent.  I have had trouble with the from almost the beginning. Had to buy an extra cord and now the mic does not work.  Purchased Square Trade and they are wholly useless.  Will not do that again.  Bottom line is what I have is a piece of junk.  NOT happy with Acer or Square Trade.
Nothing about this headset is impressive to me. The sound quality and volume arent anything special, the materials arent comfortable, and the "padding" on the top of the head just end up being painful to wear. I wouldnt recommend this headset and would definitely buy a different one if I had the option to return this one.
Already broke Can’t hear the console after 3 months ... can hear other players but not the Xbox
The left ear bud didnt work at all.
The headset does not work, it’s advertised as a plug in and play headset, but I plugged it in eager to see how it was and it just did not work. I plugged in the cord correctly and the sound was WAY off and the microphone was not working. I looked at a forum for Astro a10 headsets and this seems to be a very common problem on both Xbox and PS4 leading me to believe that Astro has very poor quality control.  My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.
Broken. One right earcup doesnt work. Mic doesnt work either. Horrible headset.
I used this headset mainly in Jan on ps4 and pc. Its a good headset for the price, but i did get some sound tearing and a piece of plastic had broken off and started sticking out after a few weeks of use. I feel like i was just unlucky. Other than that decent headset
Cheap and also broke within a week.
Headset did not work mic broken usb not included
They rave about overall sound and quality yet my turtle beach with blown speakers were still louder. I ended up by another turtle beach and comparing the side by side. Even with most superheating mode that comes with TB the a10s don’t compare
Ear holes aren’t big enough. Hurts my ears after a while
My right ear side didn’t work at all and it didn’t mark that it was plugged in
Arrived today and only left speaker works. Returning Asap. Save yourself the time and order from somewhere else.
My kid has gone through two pairs.  The wires break right near the hdmi/headphone plugs.  He was real careful with the second set, but they still died after a few months.
I don’t like how only one side works.
Ive had this headset for a while now and its worked fine until today when randomly, the left side of my headset stopped working.
I thiught the A10 was suppose to be the best one for 60 bucks but i keep having to replug in the jack over and over again , i lose connection to the controller within like 45 mins...Idk..whats going on...
Astro has came out with really good headset for low budget for $60, the headset is really comfortable and I had them on for 4 hours and I wear glasses as well. There is no discomfort, the audio is really good, stereo surround sound. The reason I’m giving these headsets 3/5 stars is that after 4 days of purchasing them the right earcup went out. I have been unplugging them and plugging them back in and it works for a bit to mask it, then the same issue happens again. I was really hoping for these to work out.
Bought because it was labeled as a Bluetooth head set on the listing. Is not Bluetooth.
I bought one set that was loose and broken when I received it. I ordered a replacement and they worked well for about 4 months and now they freeze and make a stuttering sound.
Bought this item because it was referred to me and I though it would be a great purchase. Instead I was frustrated and dumbfounded when I was not able to talk to other players in party chat and that was the reason I purchased them. I returned them and got some turtle beaches from Walmart, if it worked would have been a great product. I liked the feel and comfort but functionally wasnt there. Also so many threads with this same problem and no solutions.
Good headset but they stopped working after 2.5 months of having them. Xbox would not recognize them as a headset.
The cord that came with the headset is already going out. It makes the sound all static an the mic as well
Good quality headset, but they had the amp for the xbox pictured on the product even though it wasnt included. I had to buy a separate one. You can buy one with amp, but i didnt think i had tp spend the extra $20 because they had an amp pictured on the product i bought
So I bought a pair of these at GameStop a mouth ago and they SUCK I play rainbow six siege and cannot hear where people are coming from they are so uncomfortable I put them on and 20 minutes later my ears feel like they are be squished and yes I tried adjusting and this still happened if you aren’t a gamer and just want to use them for listening to music then they are good for that but nothing else I had high hopes for this headset I should have bought the hyperxclouds revolvers instead
I bought this item as a New Years gift for my son. The controller port is defective. My son cannot talk to his squad when playing on line games. The port where the controller connects is faulty. It has been faulty for over a month now. We would like to replace or exchange but the return window closed at the end of January.
Cord broke at the point where it goes into the controller after on a couple of months use. Would like a replacement since these were not cheap.
Arrived on time, but quality was terrible. Only one side of headset worked. Definitely not worth the price! Sending back immediately!
Broke within 3 months of purchase
Do not buy this headset. It worked fine for 3 month but the microphone no longer works. It’s a big and bulky headset that is now just a glorified pair of headphones. I really liked this headset but a 3month lifespan is worthless. Their customer support number is out of service and all attempts to reach the company have gone unanswered.
Sound is good, set fits well, stopped working after 2 months
These headphones are terrible. You cant even listen to the volume on max output on xbox and be in a party with your friends because the microphone picks up the stereo speaker volume from the earmuffs that go over your ears. Dont buy this cr*p.
Came in on time BUT when I plugged it in to my xbox controller i could barely hear anything and to top it off only the left side of the speakers worked.
Good looking and comfortable. Reasonable price. Unfortunately the mic didn’t work at all and we don’t have the packaging (lost in Xmas chaos). So we tossed it. I won’t buy this brand again.
These headphones are very comfortable and work fine for gaming. The sound could be better and Im not crazy about plugging them into my controller. Overall not a bad headset for the price
Astro box was already open and I received a broken item. Pathetic, looking forward to getting my money back
I have some Sony Headphones that sound a lot better. Don’t be fooled with all the hype. I just needed a mic that’s why I got these.
They broke after using for only 2 weeks. They are very uncomfortable and squeeze your head.
Cheap but nit bad for your Money!!
Stopped working after 4 months
I recently got this product in the color but for my xbox 1. Only the left ear seems to be working, is that normal or should I send it back ?
No se escucha un lado
It makes a loud echo whenever I put it in all audio when I’m in a party chat. But if I am by myself playing some Call of duty the audio is good.
Sound cuts out, only had it for about a month
After two months of use mic. Stop working I have a week trying to contact the warranty service and no answer yet.
These headphones have great sound and are very comfortable. However, my one issue is that the cord is horrible just after a short period of time the cord will only allow to hear out of 1 ear
Needed a headset didnt really care about quality or price and it came broken, left ear audio was very muffled borderline impossible to hear anything and the right ear didnt work at all. Couldve bought 20$ logitechs that were higher quality than this.
What a piece of crap. Second set to break right after the return window closes. Don’t waste your money.
so bad i went threw two and both didnt work over 1 month.
The sound quality is okay theyre very tough and durable all that being said theyre definitely made for like younger kids or maybe a teenager that cant control his anger and likes to break his gaming gear as for adults the ear cups are way too small and then the head pad on the top puts pressure directly in the middle of your head causing it you to have a headache. would I recommend these ya only if youre getting them for a child or teenager and they need to last a while. The Astro a10 are definitely tough but theyre not really made for larger adult heads.
This never worked correctly. You cant hear good at all and people cant hear you. Returned it.
When it works it’s really great. But when playing the game audio and chat audio gets cut off so frequently. It’s so annoying when trying to listen to your teammates.
i bought these for my husband. whose paralyzed and needed something for comfort. i saw the memory foam, and good reviews on how these work good for ps4. He tried to use them and it connected but when he went to try and see if it was picking up his voice, it did not. nobody could hear him. and he couldnt hear anyone. i thought this was a good choice vs, what he usually gets (turtle beach). i wish i would i spent my money on something else. Very disappointed. he waited for a while until we had enough money to spend of our wants. and this is what we received.
Stopped working only a few weeks after getting them.  Emailed to replace or refund but never got a response.
When I got these the left side did not work. Sent them back for a refund.
Trash mic doesn’t work only one side I’d headphone works
My headset came looking nice and perfect, but once I realized how to plug them in and got it to send out noise, I realized two things. 1. The left side didnt work. 2. The headset only played volumes (out of the right ear) at low volumes. Even turning up the volume control didnt make it loud. I wasted over $60 on these and Im returning them. I dont know if its a manufacturer defect or if it was damaged during the delivery (since the deliverers like to throw the items over my fence instead of walking to the door and knocking).
Didn’t come with the adapter that plugs into the controller. Blew the money on something that I can’t even use.
The only negative thing is that it severely tight. Right below my earlobes it gave me the absolute worst pain. And I’m a female and I do not have a large head, I assume these are aimed at males, so little surprised they were this uncomfortable. I don’t even like to wear them they’re that uncomfortable by my ears, I have a new pair coming in the mail.
I bought this item for my son to use with his xbox one he couldn’t hear or talk to the other gamers and the was the reason for the purchase to interact with other gamers
My only issue is the top of the head cushion, its kinda small that the top of my head starts to hurt after wearing them for a full hour. Other than that I love it great sound and very comfortable on the ears.
The audio was in and out. Had to play with the cord for it to work in both ears. Not sure if it was broken or poor quality.
This was a Christmas present for my sons and they informed me last week , that the headphones have never worked. They had a different set they were using and failed to mention the new set they received did not work. I would not buy this product again.
Surround sound is great, but if there is a slight bump on wire, you won’t hear the full audio. Although it’s fine.
Purchased two of these headsets to go along with new Xbox 360 for Christmas.  One headset never worked straight out of the box while the second stopped working after one day.  Hard to explain the great reviews of this product—perhaps it was just a coincidence that we received two non-working headsets??  Unfortunately these are going back and will try a different model.
Sound is great. The mic not so much. Mic delivers static and other cannot hear you. My son doesn’t even like to use it. 
I used this product for hardly a hour and it broke. Would not recommend this. Cheap product for high end brand.
I cannot hear others but others can hear me.
Everything is perfect. Had it for 2 years now and I’m a avid gamer. The sound is good and the mic is clear. One problem is after awhile of wearing it, it get pretty heavy and uncomfortable sittin on my head.
As soon as the product arrived, I tested it. The right ear didn’t work in brand new condition. Do not buy unless you are deaf in your right ear.
Headset worked great for about an hour and then the left headphone stopped working. I had to hold my head cockeyed to get it to at least cut in and out. The headset is also designed for a smaller head so if you have a big head like me, it will not fit well.
Cord that came with headset doesnt work, I either get no sound or have to wiggle it around to get any sound what so ever, I literally just unboxed it.
It says they can be used on PlayStation 4 but when I turned them on not only was the sound very dim and I have my volume to the max but the mic didn’t work
Opened the package and immediately the mic was broken,I just wasted 60$ and I was on a budget
the headsets are way overpriced. i bought these headsets for my gaming experience, the top part of the headset is really uncomfortable, every time i would take the headsets off my hair would get stuck in the top part so i end up ripping the hair out , the ear cuffs are really small and uncomfortable , after playing for a long period of time my ears would hurt . i asked my friends how good does the microphone quality turns out and they said that its very foggy and annoying . overall, dont suggest buying these
This product did not work with my grandsons xbox 1
I own a $30 sades gaming headset and it lasted me 2 years plus and still working. I decide to upgrade a little and my first a10 order came broken, only one ear worked. I tested on multiple devices and same result. I call amazon and they send another, and wow the same thing happened. I tested on 2 laptops, 2 ps4s, and my phone, I switched the aux cords and tried everything. Such a disappointment and now I have to ship 2 broken brand new headsets back. Pick a better company!
Decent headset for the price but for my ps4 the volume was so low. I tried messing with all my settings and checked online to see if anyone else was having similar issues and I guess its a common problem. A common solution was to buy a mixamp, however thats the price of just getting a better headset. Ultimately Ive had to return it because I wasnt satisfied with the product.
The headset is decent for its price but it’s  audio jack is straight up bad. It dented after dropping a small amount of distance from my lap to the ground and that’s why I won’t recommend it for long time use because it’s it breaks easily
Do not buy I have had these for 2 weeks max and quit working. All the wires are plugged in and everything
This product said it is compatible with Nintendo switch, but isnt. It was a gift for my grandson... very disappointed.
Would not recommend. Showed up and only the left ear cup worked
Audio isn’t working well on PS4
Speaker wire is very sensitive and does not consistently work. Will be returning
I got this for my kid for Christmas. It didnt work. Cant hear out of it. Amazon replaced it in just a few days. That one did not work. Been told from people at the store its a good product just bad stock. We tried it on more then one thing to see if it would work.  Just one ear works and its muffled.
Do not buy these - I have spent countless hours trying to fix these earphones and they just dont work correctly with an Xbox one
The audio cable is easily messed up
My son loved them until the microphone started shorting out on him after 10mins. We will be returning these and going with a different brand.
Ordered 2 sets and the microphone didn’t work. Ordered the Xbox specific ones to use for Xbox. Earphones worked fine but microphone didn’t work at all.
Mic doesn’t work
These are okay for the price. I use them for Xbox one COD 4, they feel heavy to me. the Mic does not work during the game.  Hard to hear the footsteps of other players, not as clear and crisp as I would expect from Astro. I wouldnt recommend for multiplayer gaming especially for long playing time.
After a few hours it doesnt feel great but they feel alright compared to others Ive had
These these wires headset are garbage the worst Christmas gift you can give anybody especially your son when hes a call of duty fanatic. The first day of Christmas he opens it plugs it in and wires are twisted and Tangled. We untangle them after that you can hear them both but if you put a tangle once I was stopped working so sad because the pictures on the headsets are nice I will return them.
My son got this for Christmas and was so excited to use it. Unfortunately it doesn’t work at all. So disappointed. Returning.
New to amazon basically any online ordering. Probably some of my fault or maybe all but i typed in search of amazon(ps4 wireless gaming headphones). They all popped up. Ordered this product got on time everything was perfect. Looked at box and they are wired headphones. Like i said prob my fault but when i specifically type in search box. Did not think i would have problem. Especially on a site i just started paying to be member of. I know alot of people like me so they are not wireless. See what son thinks on xmas. Rating would move on how he feels.
The headset does not work to it’s full potential unless you buy an additional Astro connector when it is plugged into the Xbox one headset jack only one earphone works this sucks don’t buy this product
I don’t think I would have purchased this if it wasn’t a package deal with the game. The headset works well, the volume dial on the wire is a nice touch. A mute button would have been a great addition
Great for about 3 months. Mic stopped working but game audio comes through.
I got the cod edition for this headset. Only the left side works and you can barely hear anything. IDK if I need to do something with the head set to hear better but it’s my first Astro headset. I usually rock triton or beachers but I won’t hate on Astro’s though I’ll return and hopefully get a working one.
This headset is hot garbage.  I bought it with a new Xbox one x and controllers and it continuously dropped my mic immediately.  It also shot static out to those in party chat with me.  Everything I have researched has Astro blaming the user and the equipment but this is brand new hardware and it does not work.  If you look up their headset this appears to be a very common issue  No customer service and a useless product.  Analog should be easy so how do they fail so badly at it?
Only one of the sides works and is quite and the mic didn’t work.
I couldnt wear this headset for more than 30 minutes without the top of my head hurting.  The headset is pretty heavy and theres only a small piece of foam at the top for padding, so the whole weight of the headset presses on a small part of the top of your head.  The speakers sounded like the treble was turned all the way up.  All the game sounds sounded hissy and crunchy in a bad way. I returned this and got a HyperX Cloud Stinger instead. Similar price, but way better than the Astro A10.
Is an okay headset, I was really impressed at first but after short sessions sometimes it is uncomfortable. On top of that cord stopped working for it maybe two weeks after receiving so it is useless to me now.
Broke headset. Only one speaker worked and sounded quality was bad.
I’m disappointed after receiving this headset. Overly heavy and pretty uncomfortable
They feel great when you first pick them up feels tuff and heavy duty.  Thats until you put the on, the headband cushion is very small so you start to feel the weight on your noggin.  I started getting headaches within 30 minutes and constantly adjusting for relief.  Its also a good thing the cord is replaceable but its very fragile to shorts.  Losing microphone or one side of the headphones is a real annoyance.
Okay, so the mic is high quality and so is the headset in general. But I have to turn the volume to max on both my xbox and on the inline volume control to hear footsteps. Second, these are super bulky, not streamlined or low profile at all. Its not a huge problem for everyone, but theyre kind of a pain due to the size. I probably would buy Astro again, but just not this model.
As soon as I got it the microphone didnt work then the audio went out and in several times and this was in a five min period. DO NOT GET THEM!!
$60 for only being able to hear out of the left side of the headset... nice one
The headset works fine however the wire that came with my headset  is faulty.
Did not work
When I first started using the headset the mic didn’t work at all and only the right ear bud produced sound. After messing around with it I finally got the mic working but everyone in my chat had a terrible echo. After adjusting the setting and finally getting everything the way I wanted I found out that the headset just isn’t very loud even turned all the way up. Think I will be going back to my $30 hunterspider headset.
One ear doesnt work .. You have to push the cord in and pull out until it connects .. They sound weird. Returning . Save your money and look elasewhere , Astro huh .. You space cases who believe these fools telling us Astros are great .. YEAH RIGHTTTTTT!
I was hoping for better with all the good reviews but these are not good or something is wrong with them. I bought them for my sons birthday about a week ago and put them boxed up in my closet til yesterday. Since he opened them and plugged them in I have been online trying to figure out why the volume sucks so bad on PS4. Also he has been complaining about one ear going out even after we made sure both jacks were plugged in securely. So he got home today from school and still he can only get one headphone to work. Also the mic goes in and out. I gave it two stars because they are durable and fit good but audio and mic quality is horrible.
Junk!!!! 2 months stopped working don’t get the square trade either it product has a 1 year warranty so they don’t cover until after the 1 year.. amazon has 1000s of complaints and returns on this crap DONT BUY
The build quality is nice and the sound is good, but the reality is I dont feel any difference in sound clarity and spatial awareness (both with Windows Sonic enabled and without) compared to the $15 earbuds I was using previously. The only true upgrade is the mic quality. Though Ive been told the mic is much clearer, the "flip up to mute" functionality isnt great. You have to move it up and tuck it behind the headset because it doesnt lock. There have been multiple times I thought I was on mute and it turned out everybody could hear me. Overall, its a decent headset, but it didnt improve my gaming experience.
When I bought this headset I was super excited because it had tons of great reviews and it seemed to be a really good headset and when it got here it worked really good for the first 10 minutes or so and then out of nowhere the Mic stopped working so I am still going to return and get another pair and hope that it was just a simple mistake.
The headphones can hot  be hurd. And ois a chrismas gift for my son.
After just 5 minutes of wearing the headset, it just starts to bother my head and ears.
This headset has great sound and mic quality and is very comfortable to wear for long periods of time.  The main complaint I have is that the microphone started to malfunction and then completely quit working right before 6 months of owning of it.  My husband and I have the same headsets, got them at the same time, and the microphones on both stopped working properly within a week of each other.  Astro did send us both a new pair since they have a 1 year warranty, but I did not expect for the product to stop working after just a few months without being mistreated whatsoever.
I own a pair of A-50’s and bought these as a back up in case the A50’s needed to charge I game for sone long sessions. They came out of the box with only 1 side working unless I fooled around with and left the plug not inserted into the headset all the way but even then it would still cut in and out if I moved my head. Also volume of headset was really low and muffled even when I was able to get both sides working. I would not recommend these to anyone.
These are absolutely the most uncomfortable headset I have ever had the displeasure of owning. I got the A10 headset from wal mart for around 70 dollars. Ive had them for a year. Heres what I have decided. I would never buy this same headset twice.  The sound quality isnt bad. They dont come with a mute button but you can control the volume with a dial on the wire. The padding that is supposed the fit around your ear to provide comfort and help Cancel environment noise is just a little small. It becomes a little uncomfortable if it isnt adjusted right. At least on me. The kicker though. The "pad" that is on the band that sit on your head is a TOTAL JOKE. Its tiny and thin and hurts enough after an hour that I rarely even use the headset anymore. And when I do I have to add my own extra padding to compensate. Im an average size guy at 5 foot 10 with a regular size head. That being said they have held up better durability wise than my last set. Im summary on a scale of 1 to 5 Durability is a 5 Comfort is a 2 Sound is a 3 maybe 3.5 No mute button.
The left side of the speaker doesnt make sound. It just the right side that works. They do feel nice to wear but it just the right side of the speaker doesnt work from mine.
Good audio. Microphone doesn’t work on my PC or my Xbox. Waste of money.
Honestly out of the package, I was not to excited about the sound quality of the headphones. Volume was quiet and sound quality was ok. I used to own a pair of PX24s that come with an audio booster box. I was able to use this with the A10s and honestly made sound quality amazing. The build quality of this headset is great compared to my PX24s which have broke multiple times. Honestly if these headphones came with volume booster I would rate it a 5.
I would give it a 2.5 but it isnt an option. So to begin with it has pretty good sound quality for the price, is durable, and my ears actually fit in the ear cutouts. I use these for my Xbox One and red themed PC (I bought the PC ones, but they ended up being orange for the accents instead of red). Lastly, the top band is incredibly uncomfortable due to the shallow narrow padding. So half of the experience was positive, and the other half wasnt.
No mix amp m60 included despite photo advertising as such.
Great mic but the speakers are very weak and average surround sound that can be done better with a cheaper headset.
Spent so much money in this headset fornit to stop working barely a month after owning them. Will never buy them again.
The reason my rating is so low is because it is not comfortable to wear. When I put it on for the first time fully extended the ear cups only came halfway down my ears. I dont have a very big head so I dont know if they were broken or if thats just as far as they went but either way I wasnt impressed. The way its designed also puts a lot of pressure on the top of your head which starts to hurt after an extended period of time.
When I ordered this headset; I mainly wanted the mic function with the flip to mute thing, but I was expecting that Astro would have, even at their lowest price headset, good sound. The sound is okay and bearable for video games (They work fine for things like Rainbow Six Siege), but the quality dips with other things like music. I am aware that Astro makes gaming headsets, not headsets optimized for music, but the fact that things like the voices and the music in the games sounded worse than when I put on my old Xbox headset disappointed me. You can do some things with Dolby to make it better, but it wasn’t I was expecting. The quality of the headset is undeniable, however; it has some nice weight to it and is nice and firm, and the fabric cushioning is extremely comfortable. If you are a marathon gamer, I would recommend investing in a50s, since those probably have better sound quality and also since your ears start to get hot from the fabric. I enjoyed the flip to mute mic; it made things easier for pc, though not as much for Xbox since I already had the adapter for headsets. On the whole, it’s an okay headset, although there might better headsets out there at this price range. Also note, the space for ears is rather smaller; if your ears are noticeably bigger (if they protrude more) then you should not get this headset. I highly recommend getting the a50s rather than these if you can afford it, if that is the case.
Terrible! Purchased 2 headphone/mic sets in 30 days...the first one was DOA, the second one failed 5 days after use. Do not waste your money on this product!
My headset mic doesn’t work! I can hear everything but my mic doesn’t work. Complete trash and waste of money
The headphones echoed bad . People could not here me when using them
I use to be the biggest Astro supporter but now it has all changed. The mic with input set to 100% and DB set to +30 is too quiet to use. I hate this headset! Do not buy!
The cord I recieved did not work. I plugged it in and there was barely any audio coming out of the right headphone.  :/ mic works great, although I cant hear who I’m talking to lol
headset is absolute trash, volume barley works, mic doesnt work. dont buy
Didnt work as well it should
This is what we are going thru right now trying to get warranty to fix a 2 month old set ths is our last post after 7 days of nothing . Ok this is getting ridiculous now we have a defective headset we opened a case Dec 28th which makes no sense why we cant just return it and you worry about a cord or what ever it needs and we go from there. This way out of a headset for weeks since I started this since December 28th its now The 19th of January this is not the way to do this at all . This will definitely have an effect on what we buy next whats the use of having a warranty when an item becomes defective it takes a month to resolve . The one thing thats even worse is if you ever send the cord EXPIDITED AND STILL NOT HERE . We still have to return and wait for that if it dont fix it  . This is a joke way of doing things . Send me a new set and I will send the defective one back . As you know a month without a headset as it says your also users of the product you would not be happy . Let make this right and get this taken care of NOW and hopefully we can continue using your product !  WHERES THE CORD IF EXPIDITED ITS BEEN A WEEK !  Thats not expedited thats ignoring the issue.
Very dissapointed i dont really write any reviews but this one really made me mad i received my astro a10 headset in October and now in the beginning of December the mic has already stopped working. I took very good care of these they are adult owned and they were rarely used i work alot and barely have time to game anymore so they were on my desk most of the time , away from anything that can damage them. 2 days ago the mic cut out for a second i thought nothing of it then today when i entered a game chat the mic was completely out i tried everything i could to figure it out even tried it on my phone and it doesnt work on there either. I thought i made a good choice by trying these out but unfortunately i was wrong i dont think Ill be buying anymore Astros :(
basically this product sucks because the preview advertises the item is compatible with windows 10 (PC) and when you finally get the headset the box conveniently comes with just "xbox1" and not "xbox1 and windows10" so there is either some miss communications or they are just trying to milk you of some money and time by not letting you know the splitter doesnt come with the actual item. really a shame because the headset looks cool and has a decent price. but i wont be buying an astro headset again solely based on their poor (intentional or not) advertising.
Was missing the adapter
It’s a good cheap headset but it could become uncomfortable wearing it for long periods of time
Honestly it is a decent headset, GREAT speakers, and good mic but INSANELY uncomfortable for the first week or two until you get used to it, after 4-5 weeks my headset, Which is in perfect condition, now cuts in and out with audio and the mic. Besides that it’s decent
After waiting for 3 days for this to come, it did not work with my controller. So I bought a new controller only to find out that it was the headset that was deffective not the controller. So now I am stuck with a broken headset and 2 extra controllers.
This headset is super nice as far as the sound goes. Better than my boyfriends turtle beach headset - again, as far as sound goes. The mic is clear and the ear cups are super comfortable. The band of the headset which sits on your head hurts terribly. When I game, I’m usually on for about 3+ hours and I can say that I have to take a break from this headset because the top has barely any cushion or maybe the cushion doesn’t go far enough on the band? I honestly don’t know but I wouldn’t reccomend this for gamers who need a headset for frequent use. I’m not joking when I say I can feel my head pounding after like 20-30 minutes and then I find myself constantly adjusting where it sits on my head to see where it hurts the least and my head isn’t abnormally large or anything. Hats don’t help lol. Besides the terrible band cushion, the sound is great and it doesn’t hurt at all to wear glasses with this headset because the ear cushions are so soft. It’s just really uncomfortable.
Sound kept cutting out and had constant static noise. I returned this headset.
This headseat is NOT wireless. I bought it because my son broke a piece of his last headset off into his remote. I purchased this headset because Amazon said it was the "number one featured wireless headseat." It doesnt work unless you plug it into the remote.
I really wanted to like these headphones. Astros is a great company and put out some great headphones including the A50. However, these headphones, while durable, are not comfortable for use after about an hour. They also cut in and out during gameplay. And not necessarily during a lag point. There is also little to no ventilation in the earmuffs. My ears feel very hot and sweaty after just an hour. Big disappointment from Astro Gaming. I would’ve hoped for better. They’re going back to the store.
DO NOT BUY. I purchased a pair of these for PS4. The mic on the headset does not work, it also did not come with the splitter adapte rcable for pc. Customer service is terrible, they did not help me with this at all. I have returned this headset and got my money back.
So, because of this purchase, I decided to do a lot of research into headset specs. Im really surprise to see even professional gamers giving this any endorsements but the A10 is simply NOT LOUD ENOUGH. Pros: Sturdy construction Feels strong but is still ight Cons Volume is too low. This must be attributable to it depending on whatever it can get from the PS4 headset. The 40mm drivers are not strong enough I wont buy another headest if it doesnt come with a USB connector.
Great head phones good quality but bad cable. You have to wiggle it to work
For someone with a smallhead they fit tight and the pad on top isnt the greatest. Sound quality is great, havent used the mic due to no splitter for PC yet. Just not really comfortable for long periods of gaming 4+ hours
this product sucks and quit working after one day and amazon wont give me my money back. Dont buy this product
Everything about them is great except for how comfortable it is.
I personally found these uncomfortable. Other reviews seem not to have this issue, so I suppose it depends on the person. However, me and my boyfriend both couldn’t wear these for more than 20 minutes without getting headaches. They are heavy and pressed our glasses into our head. The padding on the headband is pretty insubstantial. The sound quality and mic was just fine, though. We liked the flip to mute feature.
on my head it felt very wierd the earmuffs felt off to
Headset sound was great, very comfortable headset; HOWEVER, the microphone did not work at all. After a bit of research, it seems like this is a very common issue with this headset (see community section on the ASTRO Gaming Forums). We know for a fact our Xbox controller and/or the console are not an issue considering our cheapo Turtebleach wired controller works just fine.
They sound low
Cannot find a good combo of game sound and party sound.  Also uncomfortable after awhile.
When I was researching different Xbox One headsets to purchase, I came upon the A10 Astro gaming headset. The product description kept it simple and the reviews were very good, if not excellent. I purchased the headset, expecting it to come with many different pieces or accessories along with the headset, but when it arrived, I found that the packaging only included the headset itself, a chat cable, and splitter, and a little instruction manual. Simple. And I loved that so much. It was very, very simple. Plug in the chat cable and bam, youre good. Everything about this headset was perfect. The design was sleek, the sound was better than most headsets at this price range, and everything worked. Almost everything. There is one slight problem, and that is the creaking of the left earmuff. I can hear it over everything, and so can whoever Im talking to. For that reason, I have to return the headset. I dont know if Ill end up ordering another one, in caseniy was just a defect headset, or purchasing another headset. Overall, I would recommend this headset to anyone looking for one on a budget, if the creaking wasnt such a bother.
It’s a very heavy headset. Semi comfortable but not really.
This headset sucks. It stops working properly after about three months, the same thing happened with my friend’s. It starts making a crackling sound that sometimes you hear, but definitely anyone in your chat hears. Moving the mic arm around sometimes resolved the issue, sometimes not. It’s garbage. Don’t waste your money.
Not the most comfortable headset. They do the job in terms of audio for 60 bucks but not the most comfortable after an hour or so
Packaging was really well and it came earlier than expected. I got it for my bf as a gift and he loves Call of Duty and loved the design. HOWEVER, they stopped working well a week after I gave them to him. Sorry to say.
Dont buy horrible quality..doesnt get too loud. My son didnt like it. Sounds funny like an echo...
The mic doesnt mute completely when putting it up in the mute position, makes it unusable for things like conference calls for work
Good sound good mic but hurts the top of my head Update several months later: still great sound and mic quality but pain on the top of my head is unbearable. I have to reposition the headset ever 5-10 minutes to keep from being in excruciating pain where the headset sets on the top of my head. Like I said, sound and mic quality is great, but comfort for me is a big no-go. Would give 2 1/2 if I could.
The wire is very fragile and disconnects very easily and constantly have to by new wires not worth it
The sound quality is great I give it a B+, However the weight & how warm my ears gets is horrible. i have to stop playing every hour or just to cool off and let that weight off my head.
Sound quality of headset and mic is great. Durability is insane. Love the flip to mute mic. Could use more cushion. Built quality feels great, does not feel cheap. However if you play for a long time the top of my head starts to hurt and gives me a headache. My ears also began to hurt after awhile, so comfort can definitely be better.
I ended up buying these over a lot of other headsets based on the Mic quality. First time i used my friends thought i was another person on the mic! Sadly the Mic cuts in and out constantly and I lose communication with my team without knowing it. This makes it very difficult to do any gaming that requires communication. The headset also becomes very uncomfortable after a short period of time. The top piece has to sit perfectly on your head or the plastic edges begin to run your scalp. Pros: Mic quality Flip to mute Mic Durable frame Cons: Mic consistency Very uncomfortable Cord is too long for ps4 causing snags when moving
I was attracted to this headset because of it strong reviews, reputable name, and simplicity. I wanted a headset that I could just plug into my PS4 controller and be on my way killing aliens in Destiny 2. Something simple, comfortable and had good sounds quality.  I think the Astro A10s achieve two of those three desires. Having the same speakers in this headset as the A50, I had high expectations and those expectations were definitely met.  The sound, and mic quality are top-notch, my brother bought the same one so I have heard what the mic actually sounds like to others.  When I opened this headset I was a little leery about the relatively small headband pad on this headset, as well as the smaller ear cups.  To me, with my man size ears, this is not an over-the-ear headset, this is closer to an on-the-ear headset. I didnt notice it immediately but after playing for an hour or so I started to notice discomfort on top of my head from the small head band pad.  There was also discomfort on my ears from my ears not fitting comfortably into the ear cups.  Honestly, they should have just made the ear cups a little bigger (to fit an adult ear) or smaller (and classified them as on-the-ear).  As I would play I could feel my ear slowly trying to slip into the ear cup, which was annoying and uncomfortable. These would be a great headset for someone with small ears (child) and someone with more hair on there head than I have (for extra padding). Result: I did end up returning these due to the discomfort and spent an extra $40 for the HyperX Cloud Alphas. My every complaint was remedied.
Sound is wonderful. However the microphone is entirely too sensitive. Even with a muff on my friends can hear; every particle of air as it enters my lungs, every commercial going on in a room all the way across my house, even a baby crying a block away. (That one was exaggeration)
Im really disappointed with this product. It took forever to get here, and only one side of the headset works. I tried it on a mac, PC, my cellphone and even on a ps4 and still no results. I live in the Dominican Republic, so shipping it back to you would be even more expensive than the headset itself. Thanks for ripping me off Astro, way to scam your clients.
Would not buy, Ive always wanted astros but never wanted to spend over $200 for them so I decided to try these, I returned my first pair because after a couple of hours of use, it sounded like I was underwater. Now Im returning my second pair also because there is this annoying crackling noise that wont stop, very disappointed
I only give this 2 stars because they are comfortable to wear and listening to music is good, but the mic never worked, straight out of the box. Super unhappy about that! Buyer beware. May be fine, may be useless as gaming headset.
Microphone broke in 2 months don’t recommend buying this at all.
Didnt even work. Sound quality was bad and chat was really quiet.
Left side stopped working for no reason after a week, didnt drop it or do anything weird to it.  Major L.
gaming sound is good.  somewhat painful (where the bar sits on top of the head) after a while
You can’t use it to chat unless you buy the 100 dollar mix-amp
Sound is not too loud, actually I expected them to be better, still good for kids
Upon opening the box the first thing that sounds out is the letter they put saying "not to return the product if having problems" thats a red sign. My headset came defective, Tried unplugging things and plugging everything back. I play on Xbox I read reviews trusted the company and was disappointed on the product. The headset design is nice but limits the consumer on the ability to self-mute turn the headset on or give any indication of the headset is working of if anything not working correctly for that matter. The sound quality was bad and the party chat sound was static and everyone sounded robotic. I put the mic down on mute and it would say mic not found,  I tried everything but the mic wouldnt work. did a bit of research and it turns out you need to buy a cable splitter.
Right out of the box the mic didnt work, there was also a bit of static and imbalance in the volume if you moved your head around. The overall sound quality was very good, but there were many problems from the start.
Bought these headphones and was very excited to try out ASTROs. Yet the mic stopped working after one week and I had already thrown out the box and packaging. So now Im left with a set of broken headphones that dont allow me to communicate with my friends. And these headphones are a week old. Please help.
Super bassy (no option to turn it down), terrible sound quality.  Probably the worst sounding headset youll ever hear.  Returned within a day.
I like the sound and the mic seems to be clear. My one big beef with them is comfort. They are comfortable to an extent. I can only say with my pair that since the headphones ear cups dont have the ability to tilt front to back only up and down (not sure of proper rotation terms) that it gives me pressure points that are uncomfortable. I have only worn the headphones for an hour or two so maybe with time they will become a little more flexible. But if the ear cups got changed so they could tilt side to side and not just up and down. The A10s would definitely be a perfect low budget gaming headset.
These are the heaviest headphones ive ever worn plus they started to hurt after only 1 hour of use. Voice chat only comes in left speaker unless you change your settings to all audio out through the headphones.
We got this Feb. 12.  Cord is now broken.  Bought an insurance policy.  Now we cannot figure out how to get in touch with either company.
Most PCs have a separate 3.5mm jack for Mic and Stereo and this has only 1 jack as posted in attachment. This is a huge disappointment that I have to buy an adapter to use it and that fact is not listed in the description, it only lists "PC Compatible" I try to give every product the benefit of the doubt but at this time I cant even check the mic quality because I cant use the damn thing because Im have to wait 2 days for a separate adapter I had to buy!! Even when I plug the jack into my motherboard (MSI 970 Gaming) its completely distorted and barely audible. I literally have to pull the plug out halfway for it to recognize the jack and give me proper audio, then intermittently it will lose signal and I have to tell my OS what kind of device is plugged into the 3.5mm jack. PLEASE make it more prominent that this MIGHT NOT WORK without an adapter. Ive bought several headsets and I assumed, (unfortunately) that this would be USB because it DOES NOT SHOW THE JACK IN THE PICTURES OR THE DESCRIPTION! It seems like deceptive marketing and is really shady. In fact, now that I write this, Im giving it a 1, because I literally cannot use half of the functionality for a few days and I have to have the mic port half hanging out for it to even POSSIBLY work. I hate giving bad reviews, but this information should at least be in description, Im not happy at all with this purchase.
The audio quality is garbage... it takes a while to get used to how the sound works. They say it is unbreakable but I threw it on my desk once and it stopped working. And it also doesnt come with an adapter for your pc ports.
issue where the mic will mute itself and ill feel like an idiot for screaming and then realize no one can hear me. it seems to be an issue with the jack connecting to the headset it is very finniky? finiky? it seems very fragile and needs to be in a precise position wish there was a budget headset that was wireless so i can play on my old console
Received this headset in the mail today and it was defective straight out of the box. Audio in the right headphone was not working and quality in the left one was decent. I am returning this and getting my money back. I will never buy another ASTRO product again.
I bought these yesterday to try out the Astro brand. I really want the A50s and will be returning these for that. These headphones are really good. Speaker wise it’s quite good, but chat volume will be drowned out by game. The only reason I’m returning it is not because of the cord. The comfort is not great. I heard about 30 minutes will do it, but for me an hour in and the head band is like my head in a vice. Longer listening sessions are out with this.
I tested them and they worked and I try them again 5 minutes later and the sound doesnt work anymore
These are nice so far, sound great, but I have two complaints since theyre $60. 1. They should have a microphone that can swivel 360 degrees so you can have the microphone on the right or left side, because they only rotate 180 degrees and therefore you can only have it on the left. 2. The cord for the headset is like 6 feet long, that is absurd. Unless you have 5 foot long arms, there is no need for that long of a cord. Make it like 3 feet long and it would suffice. The audio is great, I just wish they used more common sense when creating this headset.
It’s a good headset but my cord broke
If you buy this headset for gaming I suggest you buy a mixamp to go with it.
It broke my controllers. Went through 3 controllers and they all dont register headsets anymore. Astro wont help me and neither will Amazon. Ridiculous
Sounds fine, but not the most comfortable. Prefer my turtle beaches
I liked the headphones at first, but after 2 months they dont work as well as they did when I first got them. The sound keeps turning on and off continuously while I am gaming
Awful didnt work in right ear. Mic didnt work
sound low , but nice headset
Bunch of static when you move your head pretty annoying dont recommend this headset to anyone .
Its a heavy headset and painful to wear with or without glasses.
I received this headset yesterday and I was pretty excited. I used to own a pair of Turtle Beach XO Sevens but those unfortunately broke. That was about a $130 headset when I bought them new years ago. Maybe I was spoiled having those but after only a day of having the A10s,  they developed a little squeak in the left ear cup and it is incredibly annoying and distracting. Every time I move my head even slightly I hear the faint sound of rubbing plastic. Normally this wouldnt bother me but I was originally drawn to this headset because of the stellar quality that Astro products are known for. Not only the squeak, the headset isnt even all that comfortable. Im probably going to return them.
NO BLUETOOTHE...AND NO WIRELESS
Absolute Trash. Mic didnt work half the time and I got better sound quality with a 40 dollar Turtle Beach mic. Dont waste your time or money
The top of the headphones which rests on your head is very uncomfortable. You can’t wear them anymore than two hours without your head hurting really bad. The plug in part of the head phones where the cable goes into the headphones themselves is pretty janky, it cuts in and out and it makes the static sounds if it isn’t in perfectly. I’ve had friends complain about the noise they are receiving too. These are brand new too. I had cheaper headphones that were definitely better.
The Mic doesnt work its hard to hear  where anything is coming from in a game. It randomly just disconeccts and you have to unplug it then replug it a million times.
Sound is low quality, and unadjustable. I have an EQ, and am familiar with audio modification. These sound like someone blindly amped up the first 4 bass bands in an EQ without trying to equalize the rest of the bands with it. The volume dial is high up on the chord, which was a nuisance in my opinion, however beyond that, these looked to be of good construction. The red and black is attractive, and the mic worked well. The earmuffs and headband were comfortable as well. Overall: The base microsoft headset has better sound quality (50$ for that one) but these are much more comfortable. These are durable, and the chord allows for continuous gameplay (Im not a fan of wireless.) Attractive color scheme and easily adjustable headband 3 stars because it could be much better for 60. Astro should be reeling in potential customers with these, not holding back on their software because of a price tag.
These dont Work! Waste of my money!
Eh
These already broke!  Very disappointed Very cheap
Hurts my head and ears after a few hours of gaming. Lame. The color is grayer in person not as sleek as I expected. Maybe its just me, but honestly I wouldnt recommend. Only reason its 2 stars is because the audio and mic worked fine and I like the mute feature.
Splitter cable not included. So my PC version does not work on PC. I will change my review as soon as I get the cable and can test it.
Purchased the Blue Variant, and even though consulting the Astro website for the A10s said they come with the Y Splitter cable and it didnt, so this was unusable for a PC user out of box. Not sure if this is just mis-labeled on the Astro website, but given it says it works with PC out of box Im guessing mine was missing some parts or its intentionally misleading. Overall headset is fine.
I am using more than 2 weeks. I had no headset before my Astro A10. So I couldnt compare it. gaming: suffient sound quality. not more. music: does not feed the bass sound cable: too long for ps4 controller. finishing: material quality, ending is very nice. It is an ordinary headset. Not more. If you want to hear your enemy voice where they coming from or more details, it is better to buy high level products. But if you need headset just for fun, it is for you.
When it cam it dint work properly
Beware. This headband is very poorly designed. There is nothing but a tiny strip of foam that doesnt even cover the width of the headband. The headband is almost 2 inches wide, but the strip of foam is not even an inch wide. So it literally hurts my scalp. Ear pads are too small for larger ears, so they hurt after even short periods of use. Other than that, the ear pads are OK. Nothing like the a50s in terms of comfort, kind of stiff and rigid in comparison. The mic is decent quality, and flip to mute is decent. They worked OK for about 4 months, and then broke randomly. The audio crackles, and the mic output is also crackling. I bought Hyper X Cloud headphones instead. They are more comfortable by a mile and so far I would recommend them instead of these headphones. If you want Astros, buy a40s or a50s. the a20s are the same as these just wireless.
Sound - fuller bass than cheaper SADES headset, but the highs (treble) are sacrificed. I have an old pair of Senheiser headphones that still have better sound quality. Comfort - After about an hour you start to feel the pressure and pain on the ears Mic - convenient mute function by turning the mic upward, less flexibility than Id like though Overall - Acceptable sound quality for those seeking headphones that are heavier on the bass and dont care about sacrificing highs. Ear cups are kind of hard on the ears.
Im impressed with the sound, in a way. I can hear absolutely everything Im my games. But it is QUIET, - I guess at that quality you dont need it? If youre a big person these would be better. Theyre heavy, very heavy for my neck.
After three months of having the headphones, the plug in no longer works on the headphones.  Unless you purchase the warranty, you cannot get your money back after one month.  Headphones should last longer than three months but these ones dont.  Dont waste your money.
I was using these for my ps4 but turns out the Mic is busted.
This is a great intro headset but is lackimg in one area. The microphone is clear and crisp and the speakers are as well. The headset is comfortable and does not make your ears sweat or overly hot. Now the downfall, the headsets talkback feature is severely subpar and NEEDS improvement. While gaming you end up yelling into the microphone because the noise cancelation makes it extreamly hard to guage your own volume. I habe to keep my right ear partially uncovered to be able to hear myself and keep an appropriate volume. Also lately i have been having issues with the aux connection itself causing some crackling and cut out.
I have owned both the astro a40s and these and if you are able just save some more money and go for the a40s honestly. The ear pieces dont feel as comfortable (although they are better than the turtle beach headsets at this price point) the mic is meh but gets the job done. i chose the astro a40 TR set instead and im very pleased with doing so.
If you have a big head PLEASE DO NOT BUY. I was excited to buy these as the simplicity and price caught my attention. The reviews were mostly positive so I thought they would be a home run. The headphones are durable as any headphone I’ve ever had gaming or not. That was amazing. You couldn’t break them if you tried. They look great to me. The sound for the price was fine. Not great by any means, but paired with everything else it was definitely acceptable at this price point. There was one problem that made them impossible to wear. These are not made for slightly above average to large head sizes. I do have a large head but these gave me sharp, painful headaches. I wanted them to work so I tried them the next day as well and the headaches only got worse. These simply are not made for average size adults. Plain and simple. Do not buy unless it’s for kids or smaller adults. These would be wonderful for kids tho.
Looks elegance and but works too bad. There were hardly any differences using this headset not used at all. When I was on a conference call, people surrounding me listened clearly what the other party was talking and equally distracted by noise surrounding me (zero noise cut). Very disappointed. Returned it.
Mic did not work. Sound was great,headset is comfortable.I just wish the mic worked
Not bad for the price but in terms of comfort they leave much to be desired.
Stopped working after a few days
Liked the sound. Disliked how heavy and lack of adequite cushion for the top of my head.
Unfortunately the headset failed less than three months after purchase (and after the Amazon return window.closed). The connection from the headset cord to the controller stopped working. I tried different controllers and replaced the cord with a new OEM.version,  but still no luck.
Picture was misleading... Thought it was wireless now its too late to cancel my order :/
Piece of crap havent worked well since the day i bought them. When the work its great but it cuts out a lot and people tell me i sound like a robot
Sound quality is good.
Pros-light weight, okay sound quality, good microphone Cons- price, plastic, weirdly long chord. I originally had my Hyper X headphones and decided to try something different.  My hyper X headphones gave up after two years and I loved them.  You could get a pair for just ten dollars more and they have better sound quality, a light metal frame, and a detachable microphone.  I regret getting the A10’s. They aren’t a bad headset but I do think they are alittle pricey for what they are compared to the competition.
it hurts after you wear it for a long time
The headset seems plenty durable, with some good heft.  Not sure how comfortable that will be over long term sessions though.  I wanted to like this headset, but unfortunately I cant get the microphone to work.  Ive connected the headset to my PC, PS4 and HTC phone, and the mic is just never detected.  Very disappointed to receive a defective unit right out of the box. I did listen to the headphones for a bit, and theyre loud but super bass heavy to the point of distortion.  Very "gaming".
I bought the PC version, Astros site shows the PC version comes with splitter. This did not for some reason.  I bought this for my son and daughter. What a let down. All other aspects i would give this a 5 star. But the 1 star is for the disappointment.
Ok, the build quality is amazing and the sound is great, but if you dont include a splitter cable how the hell can you call this a pc compatible headset? I have to choose between hearing things or saying things, so these cannot be used for their intended purpose unless I go out of my way and purchase a new cable. The only reason Im not one starring this (since this would literally not function for its intended purpose) is I have a blue yeti microphone and these are intended to be paired with it so I dont need the mic to work. Would be nice If I had that option though.
i bought this product because i needed a new headset since my old one was low quality and old. when the package arrived it came 24 hours earlier than i expected which was awesome because i didnt have to pay for 1 day shipping. i think that the headset looks really cool and the flip to mute mic is nice. but it is hardly feature rich. okay now dont skip this part because  you think that it only happens once in a while. the product arrived broken. it didnt look broken so i dont think it was the shippings fault. the right ear cup would only work if you messed with the aux cable or you tilted your head like a dog also the mic didnt work for my Xbox or PC. Personally i wouldnt risk buying this product because you might get one like mine
Didnt last
im 11 and i have had 2 other headsets that have broke within 2 days DO NOT BUY mic is horrible  it doesnt work. Mom here: On the box these say they work with xBox One but they do not. They work as a headset for my mac though. Planning to return them to Best Buy.
I was unable to get the mic to work trying the headset on two different consoles, PS4 and PS4 Pro and three different controllers.  Reading online some people had this problem but were using the wrong end of the cable. Switching the cables around did not work for me. Im able to use other headsets utilizing the 3.5mm plug with these systems and controllers. It seems the 3.5mm plug that connects to the controllers needs improvement.
headset is amazing, great sound quality but the microphone doesn’t work. i’ve seen that this is a problem in the other reviews, I don’t know why it hasn’t been solved. i spent 60 dollars on a headset and i can’t even use it.
I love the sound of the headset and the mic. But the fact that every time I move my head I hear a plastic on plastic creak and it annoys the s*** out of me.
Only one ear worked
Was working fine but now I can hardly hear anyone, I take good care of my stuff so why its not working properly I dont know, I think its just defective
Not that great of headphones, Hyper X would have been better. These headphones weigh to much and there isn’t a lot of cushioning on the top part of the headphones
I really wanted to like these, I looked up a ton of reviews and have went through multiple cheap headsets. I splurged and paid extra for this one but I wouldnt recommend it. Pros -Sound Quality is great -Mic Quality is clear and sounds great -They feel well built, definitely not a cheap feeling Cons -They HURT! The top of your head gets very agitated quickly. I mean its really uncomfortable, I took about a week trying different positions and adjustments to the top but nothing changed the fact that they hurt every time I used them -The top of the headset has a really small amount of padding, idk what they were thinking. They use great material and not cheap plastics but it weighs it down. These are a heavy set of headphones and thus cause a lot of pressure at the top. Overall, even though these are of high quality the fact that it causes so much discomfort to wear is a huge negative. I suggest CORSAIR VOID PRO which I got to replace these for the same price. But in any case I would just stay away from these.
Did not work, low quality headphone
Firstly, this headset is a bit tight fitting. Which, in all honesty, I can deal with. What I cant deal with is the fact that after only 3 MONTHS of use, the cable has been shorted out and has burned through the rubber coating. Unbelievable.
Worst thing ever it broke so fast
MIC: 0/10 Mic volume is very very quiet, even when set on max volume and max boost. It also has poor quality at that point. No mute button, but does have flip to mute (I prefer button). The mic is flexible. Cons greatly outweigh any benefit. SOUND: 4/10 Sound quality is decent, but too heavy on the lows/bass. It has a wide range of quiet to very loud. BUILD: 8/10 The only redeeming part of the headset. It is very comfortable, very flexible, and has a solid build.
Bought this from Best Buy and returned it a day later. Its absolute garbage. It has the same sound signature as the more expensive Astros. The other more expensive Astros only sound OK because of the mixamp, but if you take them and use them without the mixamp, theyre beyond awful. So thats what you have here with this headset - the Astro sound signature minus the only thing that makes them sound passable. Its also made out of cheap, noisy plastic, and the headband is so wide, you look so stupid with it on your head. Its like youre wearing a helmet. The mix has no noise gate whatsoever. It does nothing to block out sounds from the room, so everyone hears everything. The only upside is you can replace the cable. For 10 dollars cheaper, you can get the vastly superior Hyperx Cloud Stinger.  And whatever you do, be careful which reviews you watch on Youtube. Astro is paying a ton of streamers to lie about the headset. Ive seen people in Amazon reviews thanking Ms5000watts for giving an honest review...lol...it wasnt honest. She was paid to lie to you.
Lasted 6 months and now has no sound in left cuff.
right as i opened the box and started to use this...1st time i used it  I noticed the audio cutting in and out there must be a short in the cord..yes i know this is used but still someone should check to make sure that the product works 100% before shipping out
The headset came broken I owned it for three days and after minimal use the right headset and the mic stop working
i Wish I could provide a better review because I HATE leaving bad reviews, period. But I cant leave someone in my same position. After one use the right ear piece stopped working and the plug also failed to work. The microphone had one of the worst echos Ive ever heard. I was really hoping it was a fluke and would work again but no. Instead of it working again, the left ear piece also malfunctioned and began to not work so the headset was utterly useless after 1 day of owning it. Returning the item.
The headset cable shorted out on me within 2 weeks. Sound quality was good and mic was average for low end headsets. Ive had my Steel Series 7 wireless headset for year now but these were $150 so you do get what you pay for.
After three months, the microphone stopped working and the sound on these is very muffled. Super disappointed!!
After using a Turtle Beach wireless I decided to go with these when the battery on the Turtle Beach was low.  This headset is plugged in to the controller so it works continuously as long as the batteries in the controller are good.  Even with the controls turned up as high as possible the sound is low.  I tried tweeking with the settings in the Xbox but it is not loud enough to play and hear the footsteps of other players (PUBG).  I would recommend a Turtle Beach as a back up as well.
The headset microphone works on and off. My son just bought the headset and received it yesterday and its already giving him trouble. He thinks its broken. He can hear his friends on PS but they cant hear him. Its frustrating because he spent his birthday money on this.
The mouthpiece fell off and Astro customer service sucks. They put you through the ringer just for a replacement.
Ive received my headsets on time but instead of getting a playstation verison Ive received the xbox one version. It was a last mintue gift so i couldnt have exchanged them, other then tha5 everything was great.
The headset itself is great. I have absolutely no complaints about the sound quality or the comfortability of it. My biggest issue is with the cable, which seems rather flimsy and Ive already started having issues with it. I accidentally pulled on the cable ONCE, and not even with much force at all, and the cable is now having issues keeping a stable connection with the controller. Issues meaning that Ill be sitting there in one position and the Xbox will drop my mic connection no less than 10 times in a 5 minute time period. Seeing as its a $60 headset I wouldnt normally mind cheap components, but the cable replacement from Astro themselves is $45, which is a joke and a half. Ill repeat that... the cable for the headset is apparently worth more than half of the price of buying a new headset. Im not spending $45 on another cable which is likely to be just as flimsy as the first one.
Their okay headsets
The mic is came broken and I threw away the box before testing them. Now I have to buy new ones from the store which i didn’t want to do in the first place.
Uncomfortable, terrible voice to game sound ratio, hard ear pieces, cord is about twice as long as it needs to be, catches on stuff and gets in the way. Returned for a refund
Had this for 2 days first day the mic worked and now it’s already broke I can hear everybody but no sound comes from my mic
Right as soon as it arrived and I tried it on only one side played music. I switch out the aux cord to see if that would help at all and it didnt. Was very excited for this but now just very disappointed.
Ok, so heres a story on why I am refunding these headphones only a few HOURS after they came in. Looking at reviews, I thought "Hey my headphones broke, they were pretty good but at least these sound good enough to replace". Boy was I wrong. As entry-level headphones to start gaming, they are OK, but replacing actual good headphones with these was a mistake. I have large ears, so it was a tight fit. I played in them for an hour before I was SWEATING from how hot I was getting from them. And the whole time I was only getting audio on either side of my ear, left or right. Bottom line is, there are better options.
Broken, bought February, broke by August.
So unhappy with this product. Worked for two months and then broke. Return window was only for one month then you’re on your own. So disappointed.
Does not work! No audio at all!
They sound way too low for me, I might need to buy an ampliflier
The microphone does not work Because the cable is damaged
A good gaming headset with good build quality, as described but one caution -- they are extremely tight on bigger heads -- if you plan on using them for longer than an hour, Id look at another option. If you have a normal size head, then these will likely be just fine.
It was great for a while but all of a sudden after I bought a new controller, no sound is coming out and it’s glitching the game I’m playing
I like the look and feel of the headset but the audio is low I maxed everything out and for some reason the a10s dont get loud
I can’t figure a way to get this thing to work it does not let u hear the party or the game at the same time
They dont really provide a good seal around the ears, the Turtle Beach XO Fours provide a much better seal.
Puts significant pressure under my ear, very small hard "cushion" on band. Cant wear them for more than 10 minutes without getting a headache. Only good thing about this headset is the mic.
Died after 2 months...
Audio was some of the poorest quality i have ever seen. Worse than a 10 dollar pair you can find at your local dollar store. Everything sounded like it was being played on the other side of a extremely long tunnel. Mic does not even come with a pop filter. Bought these after my turtle beach recon 50 headset died, which has by far a better audio quality for not even half the price. 0/10 do not buy!
Mic stopped working after 2 months.
Complete GARBAGE. Right ear had no audio at all, the cord was broken causing static and the ear foam was completely flattened when it arrived. TRASH
Had these for a month and they broke. mute/unmute function is retarded. do not buy these. save yourself the hassle and get turtle beaches
My son got this headset for his birthday and now not even 60 days later the microphone is broken!
Within 6 weeks of purchasing this headset, there was a short in the cord.  Unfortunately, it was just past the 30 return/exchange.
Good headset, but not comfortable.  I can’t wear it for more than an hour because the top of the headset where the cushion is will start to hurt my head.
Many of the same observations here as pointed out by others with regards to performance and comfort. Love the audio quality (in and out), the replaceable cable, volume control, mute function when you swing the mic. Like the feel of the earcups. Dont like how much these squeeze your head. They squeeze a lot, and I dont have a large head (7 1/4 head size or medium). This is not an issue with higher end Astros, so much so that despite how much a value I think they represent, theyre uncomfortable enough that Im considering replacing them.
The headset is very heavy and pad for the top of your head is not up to the task of holding the weight of these.  Okay sound when plugged into Astro mixamp.  Bought these for a 6 year old, as Ive got the A40s.  Ended up returning and buying PS Gold Headset.  Much more comfortable and half the weight or less.
It feels good but the mic will not work I’ve tired moving it all over and it won’t wont my friend has the same one but he bought his from game stop and he came over and told me the mic does not work! This sucks!
Pros: Fantastic Sound Durable - can drop/throw/whatever - not a scratch Comes with all the cords you need Cons: Earcuffs are velvet(?) - gets hot pretty quick Earcuffs are small - not for large ears but also not for small ears (see below) Adjustable headband is weirdly made - cant adjust to perfect size (have to constantly mess around with it) HEAVY AF. Whole headset feels like you have an extra 10 pounds on your head. Cannot wear for more than an hour because they squeeze your head. Just buy the HyperX Cloud Stingers like you wanted and avoid all this discomfort like me. Theyre pretty much the same kind of headphones but way lighter.
Im gonna be generous with 3 stars here and Ill explain why. First off, I ordered these headphones a month prior to this review. The box came in and the packaging was fine. I set up the headset only to find that the audio was distorted and if I jiggled the wire a little it would work in one ear. I thought the port on my xbox controller was messed up so I purchased a new controller only to find that the sound was still soft and messed up. I then contacted Astro and told them about the problem. They said they would send me a new wire. However, its been a month and they still havent delivered it. I understand that it was during the holiday season but who takes a month to send a package out. I still dont know if the new wire will make the headset work. I forgot to mention that the mic doesnt work either. Shouldve returned and bought a new headset from a different brand.
The sound quality of this headset is pretty decent no major complaints there. The big issue is I personally find them very uncomfortable after about an hour. They are heavy and the ear cups aren’t large enough to fit my ears in. I would recommend spending a little more and getting a higher quality more comfortable headset.
Good quality sound for non-musicians. The headband pressure is not adjustable. In my case, its way too tight and, after about 15 minutes, it becomes uncomfortable.
Received this set today. From the packaging, I was impressed with the design and thought that went into the presentation. Definitely "felt" like you were getting your moneys worth. Easy set up for my Xbox One though be advised, you will need an 3.5 inch cable adapter similar to the Turtle Beach adapter found with their headsets. I happen to have one from my last set my cat ate through so that worked out. The cable didnt go all the way in at first and my buddies couldnt hear me so make sure the sire is really in the jack on the head set. Once I got it working and adjust the sound, it was great. The sound was pretty decent, though I like a lot more bass in my headsets and I was missing that from these. About 2 hours in, the top of my head started hurting from the lack of cushion (there is a 3 inch cushion at the middle but it just isnt enough for me) and the outside of my ears starting hurting. Maybe it was the shape of the earphones or how tight they fit over my ears but I was definitely not feeling these and had to frequently adjust them or "take a break" from having them on, which sort of defeats the purpose. I didnt have what i feel to be large ears. The ear cushions were great as well and I didnt get the ear sweats you get from those vinyl ear cushions. I bet this set would be great for younger gamers, under 18 years. Unfortunately, I have to return these and am going with my tried and true Turtle Beach. Dont get me wrong, I do like the headset, but between the lack of bass I was missing and the fit Im not feeling these.
Mic doesnt work (DONT GET THIS HEADSET)
It’s an ok headset for the price. but it doesn’t work all the time. half the time one side is louder than the other, it’s like the left side is muted a bit compared to the right.
These headphone are very uncomfortable and the audio suck i would prefer hyper x or steel series headsets theyre way better
In any game I play, I cant hear most sounds effects, gunshots, footsteps, jumping and landing and if I do hear something thats RIGHT next to me, it sounds like its off in the distant. First and last time Ill use Astro headphones
Sound is muffled by the amount of cushion they put between the speaker and your ear. Can barley hear amy treble out of it. Returning and using my old ps gold in the mean time.
Items box was torn. Right ear cushion was pushed in unable to be worn properly. The top head piece cushion was also pushed in as if the item had already been used. But the seal appeared as though it had not been broken. The microphone was VERY loose and did not hold its position well. Very, Very, Very dissapointed with what I received today!
Bought this for my son for Christmas and the sound quality is awful. His friends can’t hear him through the mic because his voice is broken up through the speaker.
This headset is terrible. Looks good physically but of course whats inside is what matters and when I play PUBG Im constantly listening to the sound of a beach when the waves crash against the sand. And I cant hear my own footsteps at all or hear the sound of my gun reloading when clearly when you play it without a headset you can hear your footsteps and reloading sounds really loudly, same with the vehicles. Ive tried everything, seems to be a cable issue. Got it for Christmas and it doesnt even work. Dont even waste your time, better off with a $20 headset than this garbage.
The sound quality was brilliant for the price the only problem i had with it is that the microphone did not work, but almost kept it for the sound quality itself. I advice that the product, being that my was refurbished, that the first thing to go out will be the microphone.
Works fine. However, after hours of using it, A10 is uncomfortable and hurts my skull. On the other hand, I find Logitech G35 is a better product before I broke mine ;_;. G35 is within the budget range too. Nevertheless, G35 is an old product, which means Logitech could have new ones within the budget.
My cord was broken I wasted my money
Really disappointed me. It is a very high quality headset and comfort level is very high. But I have a red setup and these are orange. Not red. If you don’t care about the color or like orange, these are great, but I really care about the color due to my setup.
Not good
This product does not work at all. It registers with my Xbox but i cant talk or hear anything.
The aux cord was malfunctioning when moved and didnt wanna pay a dollar to return, besides its to late now...
So I bought the A10 the other day Because the turtle beach headset I have is kinda old but they still work great! but when I got the A10s in the left side was louder then the right side. I tried unplugging and plugging it in again but still it didn’t do the job. Sucks cause the A10 is comfortable and it sounded good for the price.
Came broke. Mic drops below my chin and cuts out after every other word. Will not be buying again . Went with hyper x cloud 2  waaaay better
Its alright volumen is not very high, but OK. I think there might be other options for the price.
Got the headphones but only 1 earcup worked with distorted sounds
the cord into the headset was tight at first but loosened quickly and eventually stopped working.
Bought these at Walmart for $60. Solid construction but I turn the volume all the way up and I still want it to be louder. So what if they are durable the range of sound is limited. I’d rather by a pair that sounds good and breaks in 2 years than a pair that lasts forever and sounds like shit. I was using them on my ps4, sounded excellent when I sampled on the Walmart demo but got em home and Found out I was bamboozled! Will be returning.
