I’ve been using the soundbuds everyday for the last four months, mostly listening to podcasts or talking on the phone, but also sometimes listening to music. Perfect sound for speech, and folks on the other side of a call report they hear me very well too. I wear the battery/collar on me for much of the day without really noticing it—very comfortable. The soundbuds can function several days of frequent use without recharging the battery. Excellent product! It’s what I’ve come to expect from Anker.
I freaking love these earbuds. They sit around my neck just right without any kind of annoying or distracting weight, plus its great to have easily accessible controls. Im not an expert or audiophile, but I think the sound is great. Definitely recommend them. Update: Sept 2018 They broke in my suitcase on a flight, so you have to be careful to protect them when traveling. However, I still love them so much that Im purchasing again. I tried two other kinds. One, another Anker set, didnt sound as good and I didnt like the controls or the flimsy neck band. Ironically I think the flimsier neck band is so that you can curl them up and travel with them better, but I still didnt like it as much. Another, a Sony set, sounds good at 9mm, but the battery only lasts 8 hours, which has become frustrating. So Im coming back to this set.
I use these at work every day, and they are one of my favorite headsets. Long-life batteries last me the whole day, sound great, and are very comfortable. Love them.
My original set was awesome. Great sound, lightweight, stylish, and astounding battery life. I love the ability to keep in one ear comfortably. After a few weeks the right earbud stopped working for some reason, and a few days later the left one stopped as well. I was perplexed, because I have loads of Anker products and theyre all super high quality. I contacted Anker customer support, and they were amazing of course. Sent me a new set right away and apologized for the inconvenience. The new set actually feels a little more solidly built, so I mustve just gotten a lemon the first time. Feels great to buy from a company that stands behind their products. And I love everything they make! Keep it up Anker!
Purchased in July. Took very good care of these and right ear bud stopped working.  Update: After this review Anker contacted me the next day! They asked me for the serial number and shipped me a brand new one within a few days. Anker also told me to keep the broken one because they didn’t want to inconvenience me any further. Great customer service! Thank you Anker!
My main use is to join conference calls from Datacentre. This is genuinely good quality headset, no one ever complains that he cannot hear me and I can hear everyone loud and clear. I gave 4 starts because this headset has lack of: 1. Cannot connect to multiple Bluetooth devices 2. No voice indication when battery is low 3. No voice indication when it links up to device Other than that is has very nice built quality.
First, a disclosure: my first set failed after a week of use. Im not sure how/what happened, but I couldnt hear sound through one of the earbuds. Having said that, though, I reached out to Anker immediately and they sent a replacement within a couple of days. (Their customer support is fantastic.) Since then, Ive had ZERO complaints. Ive used the Anker SBL with my iPhone, iPad, Mac, and PC. Playback quality has been great with each device. My main reason for getting these was the 20-hour battery life, and it has not disappointed.
Pros: Decent sound quality for the price. Theyre  as loud as Id like sometimes, but still a decently high volume, and pretty clear. They also have exceptional customer service, which Ill go into more detail about below. Cons: The wires are a little too long, and dont retract,  but thats not a huge complaint. After around 3 weeks, the right earbud started cutting in and out, then died completely. I procrastinated, and my 30-day Amazon return window ended up expiring. I contacted Anker support, described my situation, and they immediately sent me a new pair along with a free return label. The exceptional service earned them an extra star. I own a few of Ankers products, and can confidently say that they stand behind them, and will quickly and easily remedy any problems that may arise.
Amazing love these
Not a bad product. Wish the battery life was longer but compared similar items this is the best choice.
Loved. Fast shipping, had issues with tracking (NOT sellers fault) however seller worked with me. All ended up well, and they came fast. Sou d quality is fantastic, like  brand new, battery life is perfect. Will purchase again from This seller.
These headphones are very comfortable and I’ve actually fallen asleep with them in! The battery life is tremendous, I’ve had a charge last 24 if light use and 8-10 hours of almost constant use. I’m on my second pair because they do wear out after about 6 months. I don’t mind it because they’re well worth the money.
Great product so far fast shipping a read a bunch of bad reviews about the build its ok but the battery life is as advertised its fantastic!!! Hope it last Im loving this headset right now!
I have had Anker Sound Buds Life for quite a while now and have been using them almost everyday.  I really relied on the longer than usual battery life and have become accustomed to wearing them religiously.  Unfortunately the charge port started to become loose and I had to wiggle and manipulate it to ensure a connection.  It became routine till I got fed up trying to establish a simple charge flow.  Granted that this pair of Anker Sound buds still were solid yet, having to manipulate the micro usb was a deal breaker.  I emailed Anker support and Michelle understood my plight.  I provided said serial number, a photo of the defective part clearly showing the Anker logo, and within 2 days a new pair of Anker Life buds was sitting on my door step.  Communication via email was professional and sincere.  Cheers to the Anker corporation for an OUSTANDING customer experience.  I am grateful that a company like this possesses solid integrity.
This is an update to an earlier review. Anker replaced the defective earbuds, no charge. Working fine now. I’m a Happy customer. Thank you Anker.
After my first set broke quickly i was given a replacement. Love the battery life and they are great headphones. My only issue is they arent as loud as my other headphones i own which is a big thing as i work in a very loud shop. I would give 5 stars if it was louder but other than that they are good.
5 stars for customer service. Ive been contacted right away and they sent replacement free of charge already. Hopefully they will hold up better. Will update my review. Original review: Very dissatisfied. Less than 3 months after purchased them and wearing them maybe 3 times a week the left one stopped working. I like everything else about them but for $50 they should be built better. Great sound and battery life. Wouldnt buy any Anker product again. Used to have motorola that lasted over a year. When these got bad after 3 months i could not believe. Dont even know do they have any warranty on them. Update: almost 8 months after replacement new one still work. I guess I was just unlucky with the first one. Even battery holds power as day 1.
Overall: Phenomenal earbud headset! Have tried multiple bluetooth earbuds in the past, from Sony to Bose, from cheaper Ankers to other lesser namebrands, but nothing sounds as good as this in this price range - and with a super-long battery life! Audio Quality: Excellent clarity at high & medium frequencies, with very good bass response. Battery Life: Extremely long! Rated at 20+ hours, Ive used it while at work for multiple days at a time, without needing to charge! Comfort/Fit: Very good fit, with a good, tight seal and multiple options for ear insert. Youll need the tight seal to get the most of out of the bass, whilst playing at a lower volume. Build Quality: This is where the quality suffers a bit. Yes, it is very light-weight and the neckband itself is made of sturdy plastic, but the earbud wires could definitely be improved (stronger, thicker). This should be even more possible considering the neckband itself rests on the shoulder and thus the distance between the neckband and the ear isnt long, and would not be impacted by the heavier cable. We used it for a little more than a month when the left earbud suddenly stopped transmitting. If we fiddle around with the cables a bit, we could sometime restore the sound but only temporarily - and then it eventually stopped working altogether. Customer Service: We reported the issue to Anker (directly, since it was past the maximum 30 days warranty service provided by Amazon), and they sent us a replacement set! (Free, since they cover their products with an incredible, long warranty!). Excellent customer service, Anker goes above & beyond to please their customer. We are now using the replacement earbud in absolute pleasure every day again. Thank you Anker!
The first set I received failed within a few weeks.  Anker replaced it without a problem.
What can I say..... They are very good for the money. Battery life seems to go on forever. They are very comfortable around your neck and the button placement is really good too. I only wish that they were a bit louder and maybe a bit more emphasis on the highs. But other than that bass and mds are good.
Products are quality. Customer service is awesome. Anker, keep it up. You have earned a family of loyal customers.
First:  Love Anker products.  Ive never had another company stand behind their products like ANKER. Product was a replacement for another headset that didnt really suit my needs. Pros: battery life is outstanding (5/5) Sound quality is great (5/5) Button functionality: (5/5) Weight is solid, but not burdensome by any stretch.  Comparing these to the soundbuds lite which I had and loved (until dog chewed them up), these stay in place much better.  Notably, they stay in place when on my back working on a vehicle or doing exercise in the gym.  The rubber on the inside coupled with the extra length of the arms keeps it in place. Buttons are spaced out enough that its very easy to know what youre doing without looking.  Learning curve to operate these is super easy. CONS: Callers occasionally (20% of the time, approx) report that my voice sounds muffled even when Im sitting upright and have both earbuds in my ears.  Often requires me to disconnect from headset to complete the call. The weight and size make them hard to conceal when trying to be subtle about having a head set on (like at work, for example). Having the cords for the earbuds come out of the arm higher up seemed like a good idea since it would minimize strain on the cord, but in reality it just makes it hard to locate the earbud if I have it out.  In comparison, the soundbuds lite had them coming out of the end of the arm, which made them very easy to find.
UPDATE: Anker reached out to me & offered to replace the Earphones. I settled to upgrade to the Anker Soundcore Spirit X. So far, it has been a GREAT PRODUCT & GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! Thank you Anker!!! The earphones worked great! I love the sound quality & the ease of use. Worked great until last week. This is my second pair. The same problem as before. After a while of using it, one of the earphones stopped working. Very poor quality. Disappointed.
Update: after sending a mail to costumer service, I got a replacement for my earbuds set, they were really helpful and after using it for a week I have no other problems, I am considering to get a second set as a backup because I work long shifts and I usually forget to charge them. The battery life lasts around 20 hours and it is perfect for my audiobooks. Thank you Anker. I got this set on July 29th, today is august 16th and the left earbud stopped working, I was expecting it last longer than the cheap ones I used to buy.
I was never a fan of the neck style ear buds, but I wanted to give these a shot because of the long battery life.  I didn’t plan on using them for exercise, but instead to listen to music while working or at home browsing the web.  After using them for some time, I am impressed.  The neckband tucks away nicely under collared shirts, while allowing the earbud/cable to sneak out and connect to my ear.  Sound quality is great; I never get any complaints when on phone calls and music is enjoyable.  I use them for 6-8 hours a day so I am able to get at least 2 days of use without charging.  When I do need to charge them, I usually do so during my lunch and they are ready to use when I get back. One thing I don’t like about the headset is the fact that the earbud cables are dangling and can be snagged and pulled from one’s ear or worse (damaged).  It would be nice if they were able to retract into the neck band like the LG Tone headset ( ).  This would be especially helpful when the buds are not in use, so that they are not just hanging and potentially getting caught up on something.  Another minor complaint I have is that the buttons for power and music/volume control are a little “stiff”.  I have to give it a nice hard press, but it also feels like I’m going to smash the button into the headset eventually. Something that I can’t complain about is Anker’s exceptional 18-month support.  After months, the right bud started to fail on me.  At first, I believed it to be the Bluetooth connection, but then realized the cabling must’ve become damaged from the inside.  Moving it would cause the sound to come and go.  All it took was a quick email to Anker support and Shelly was quick resolve the issue.  After a couple of questions, a new set was dispatched to replace my damaged pair.  Now I’m back to listening to music while I work with both buds working again.
These headphones are great - love the sound quality, build quality is great too. Neckband headphones are the way to go for me because the majority if time I only have 1 ear in as Im walking around home / office / outside - without the neckband, other headphones end up tugging as one end is pulling down on the side thats in your ear. I also use these at the gym and sweat isnt an issue. Despite having recommended these to coworkers who also bought them, theyre only getting 4 stars because the first set I got broke after a month or so. Anker support was good, they refunded me the original purchase so I could order another set right away - I use them every day, all day. However, the price had increased a bit so I ended up losing out a little. Crossing my fingers this set stays working, or Ill amend the review!
Best sounding bluetooth headphones i have ever owned and the battery life is incredible. I highly recomend this product to all ya people out there.
EDIT: 6/1/18: Anker helped with some trouble shooting. Their customer service is quite good. It appears were back in business again - and Im liking my headset after all. Thanks for sticking behind your product! EDIT: 3/10/18: The Bluetooth connection is failing on my headset. It has seen light use and been stored in my briefcase, and in its protective bag unless needed. At this point, the Bluetooth has a range of maybe 10 feet at best, but only as long as the left side of the neckband is pointed toward my computer. If I turn my body away from the computer, at that distance, the sound goes out. Sitting directly in front of my computer, if i put my hand over the left side of the neckband, as if reaching for the power button, the sound goes out. The volume seems quieter too. I was watching a training video and had to turn the headband and my computer both to 100% volume to hear what was being said. And YES, it was fully charged. When I first got this headset, I could walk all over my house and stay connected. My Plantronics headset, which I occasionally use works fine - meaning I actually get perhaps 30 feet and still stay clearly connected with ample volume. Im guessing this Anker device has developed a problem that needs to be addressed. I reached out to Anker support for help yesterday. We will see where it goes. At this time, I cannot recommend this device. Original review: I love the battery life. This is also more comfortable than others Ive owned due to the angled ear buds. They just fit and transmit sound better. Bluetooth works great. All controls seem to work as they should. The sound quality is just so-so though. I dont get much in the way of lows. Im not an audiophile giving this review and dont mean it to be nit-picky. The sound is just somewhat tinny. Its fine for my use, connecting to my iPad and computer for online conferences, training, etc. EDIT 9/7/17: I just finished an "all day" online seminar using these earbuds while connected to my iPad. I didnt come anywhere near the rated 20 hours of battery life. I likely hit 10 hours though. They worked great as I moved about my house and even different floors. The connection was solid and battery never let me down. Im glad I bought these. The extended battery life just proved its value. Adding one star because of this.
Sound is great.  Be gentle with the buttons.  I caused mine temporarily to stop working by squeezing the buttons too hard.  It recovered soon though.  The battery life is legendary.
I was having audio issues and I contacted Anker. I sent the faulty unit back (free shipping provided) and within 3-4 days, Anker had a brand new unit delivered. Very happy with this sort of service. Thank you Anker.
A phenomenal Headset! The battery lasts all week! The sound is great too!
I have bought many bluetooth headsets, but this one has the longest battery live, as a same price  u cant find any item better it
I didnt buy these from Amazon but purchased them from Walmart. Hands down, the best bluetooth earbuds Ive ever purchased. I literally use them every day and can go 2 to 3 days before I have to charge the battery. I can mow the grass and sweat perfusally and it doesnt affect these earbuds. I passed on $165 Beats to try these and I am so glad I did. Not trying to compare because I have never tried Beats earbuds, but the sound quality of the Anker Soundbuds Life are good enough to avoid spending outrageous money on ear phones.
The speakers seem well put together. The sound quality is great, but Im not a total audiophile so take that with a grain of salt. The battery life is great and does get the 20 hours. It does appear as it is sweat and splash proof, but I would be weary about getting it more wet than that. I am a tad unsure of how durable the silicon part of the neckpiece will be from repeatedly taking the device on and off. I do have to stretch the silicon back when I put it on and there appears to be either a cable or a more rigid piece in the silicon which Im worried may break if stretched too much.
Ive been using these since i got them a week ago as my main headset.  I love the sturdiness of the neckband and button placement is good. Only a single button on the outside of the right side for play/pause and answering a call. Simple, unless other brands where i have to remember which side is play/pause and which side is for answering/ending calls. Sound quality is pretty good, not as good as the Soundcore Spirit X but thats a different kind of headset. The Bass could be a bit better and at times the audio sounded a bit muddy at full volume. Im still operating off the charge level that was out of the box. I have not had to charge them myself yet, ive used them for audio playback for about 1-2 per day all week, taking a few phone calls. One phone call, the person on the other end did have a problem hearing me but that may have been a bad connection on their end. no one else has complained. My biggest gripe is cable management. Other Headset brands (elle Gee) either have a magnetic dock for each earbud at the end of each side of the neck band or they retract. This headset does neither! the ear buds magnetically connect together but then dangle in front. I would have preferred that they connect to the neckband magnetically so they are out of the way! The magnetic connection when the buds are connected to each other is so strong that i cannot use one hand to break the connection to insert into my ear to answer a call. This makes me concerned about the longevity of the cables with accidental tugs. but so far so good. I like that the earbuds are angled a bit for better ergonomics. Overall the build quality of the neck band and earbuds themselves is outstanding, im just worried about the wires shorting out over time from normal use or accidental tugs since they just dangle when not used. other than that these are an EXCELLENT value at $50. I will continue to use the exclusively to see how long the cables hold up. I work in an industrial environment and often wear two CB radios clipped to my collar so adding these cables prove to be a bit tangly but they are still working fine after a week. I just wish the cable management was better to get them up and out of the way when not being used.
these are very good headphones and the battery life is amazing... two full shifts at work before had to charge them.....and a shout out to the outstanding customer service.....will have hands on video soon so keep eyes out..
Very good sound quality, battery life is even better. However it started to break on one side a few days ago, now its almost dangling from the ribbon cable thing.
The sound quality is good. The battery provides 10+ hours which is pretty convenient. Customer service is great, helpful, and friendly. The left ear bud stopped working and contacted Anker customer service and they sent me a replacement set in 3 days. I own tens of Anker products - My experience with Anker has always been very good.
Pros: Light, long battery life, comfortable earbuds, good sound quality Cons: Dangly earbuds when not in use, unprotected cable connections I wanted to love the Anker SoundBuds life, I really did but after 3 weeks of moderate usage the right earbud cuts in and out due to the shoddy connection from the earbud to the headset! I will be returning these... UPDATE So Anker sent me another pair and these are much, much better. Its been a couple of months and they are going strong. HUGE thank you to Ankers team!
When it comes to bluetooth headphones, I always lean towards behind the head cord over the neckband headsets mainly due to the look. With that being said, I understand the functional benefits that come with the neckband headphones which mainly revolve around battery and sound. I was looking for a headphones with a longer battery life so I decided to give Soundbuds Life a try because they didnt look too bulky and I fully trust the Anker name as own a number of their products already. Sound: The sound on the Soundbuds Life were the same great quality Ive become accustom to expect from Anker. I was able to play music at a reasonable volume and block out all nearby background noises without much issue. Functionality: The battery life has been great thus far and last longer than my other bluetooth headphones normally do. Im still not the biggest fan of the neckband as a whole, but after having the band on for a short time, you dont even notice it. I found the buttons on the band to be very easy to use and I loved the functionality of the play button for my music and then leveraging Google Voice on my Pixel. My only suggestions in new model would be to have retractable earbud cords (Ive seen it in other models) and include a small, tougher case than the cloth travel pouch. Pros: - Great battery life - Solid sound and great noise isolating - Very Comfortable neckband and earbuds (barely notice youre wearing them) - Intuitive buttons on neckband for power, volume, track skip, play/pause, integration with Google Voice - Easy pairing - Additional ear pieces Cons: - Tougher case would nice instead of the pouch - Retractable cord would help ensure cord doesnt damage/tangle when not in use - Vibration when powering on is slightly jarring Overall, going in, I had reservations about the neckband headphones, but Im very happy I took a chance on the Anker Soundbuds Life because I think they won me over with the quality and comfort and the piece of mind knowing I dont have to charge my headphones as much as Ive grown accustom to. I dont know if theyll become my full-time headphones, but I plan to definitely use these for work and conference calls or periods where I know theyll get extended use.
I really like these headphone, and want to make them my go to. I am a huge texhie and love to try new toys. Since I had a pair similar to this from an off brand manufacturer, I had high hopes for these. The sound is good, the battery life is impressive, but I just couldnt not get over the form factor. I usually dont get to just plug in for hours at a time, so the way to have headphone conveniently in standby mode is a must for me. That is where my sole problem lies. The last pair I had stored in the neck and via magnets. These can only connect to each other, and then dangle in front of you. If that doesnt bother you, these will be great.
As advertised, long battery duration, great sound.
So far the audio is what I would expect from a product that is made by Anker in this price range.  The battery life is awesome, as it lasts for an entire days worth of activities without needing a charge, typically.  A micro USB cable is included, but you must have your own charger.  You already have one anyway, right? I really like the fact that Anker included ear pieces in varying sizes to accommodate obvious differences in ear canals.  The addition of the carrying pouch is also a nice touch. The main thing that other customers seem to have issues with is the build quality, which I will be paying attention to as these SoundBuds are used over time.  I will update my review accordingly as time progresses, and if you dont see an update that means everything is continuing to work great!
Right out of the box you get Ankers impressive Apple-quality packaging and presentation. Along with the headphones, you get a soft silk carrying pouch, multiple ear-tips in varying sizes, a Micro-USB charging cable, and a brief manual/warranty info booklet. Build Quality: The build quality on this is definitely somewhat premium with a brushed aluminum-esque (it is a very durable plastic) exterior with the neck section and interior side a rubberized plastic that feels comfortable and weightless when worn around the neck. It is also quite flexible and not rigid which I liked. The buttons are simple to use with the rubberized volume and power buttons on the inside and the play/pause/answer/voice-assistant button on the outer right side which had a nice tactile response and was easy to reach without having to look. The earbud part is the same aluminum looking plastic and has magnetic connectors on the back of each earbud to keep them from dangling when not in use. The only negative part about the build quality, in my opinion, is that the cables feel a bit thin and could be made thicker or be braided nylon like Ankers PowerLine + cables. These are rated IPX5 water-resistant which is nice for any rain but have not tested this yet. One little touch I was really impressed by was the rumble/vibration feature when you turn the device on/off or receive calls. Sound Quality: Really fantastic especially for this price point. Crisp highs/mids and a surprisingly great low end from the 10mm drivers. The stock earpieces are comfortable, snug, and isolate sounds fantastically. Gets fairly loud at the highest setting but no distortion at all. Voice is picked up crystal clear. Battery Life: Has lasted me for hours of usage all day and have yet for it to run out of battery for me so no complaints here. Charging is via Micro-USB via a hidden port on the inside under a rubber cover. Took maybe 10 minutes to charge and there is an indicator light to indicate charge status. Overall this is a great Bluetooth headphone for the price and Anker has the best customer service of any company I have purchased from so if these were to break in the future I know Anker would be glad to replace it under their 18-Month warranty. The only things I would change are a thicker cable and disabling the beep noise when setting it to max volume but these issues were not significant to me as the product is already quite close to perfect at this price point.
Love love love my headphones. The battery life is insanely good. I have not charged it for two days and it is still going. I used these all day long and I am shocked how awesome this product is.
I have to preface this by saying that Ive never owned a pair of wireless headphones, nor am I an audiophile.  Ive always used whatever headphones came with my device, and yes, while they were uncomfortable...they did the job.  Until I was mowing the grass, went to turn the wheel and pulled they right out of my ear knowing my phone to the ground.  They were ruined. My wife and I enjoy different shows so at night while in bed I like to watch an episode of something I like after suffering through some Teen Mom or Dr. Phil.  I decided to give these are try for those reasons, something to use while I do yardwork and while I lay in bed. The bass hits much quite a bit harder than I thought it would while mids and highs are solid (much better than my stock Samsung earbuds) These were very comfortable to wear and I even fell asleep with them on without issue.  Like a typical man I didnt open the instruction manual and found out that I really didnt need to.  Connection was super simple. I also had a to jump on a conference call while driving and these did the trick, I asked my team-mate after the call if the road noise was bad and he said that he couldnt even tell I was driving (I do live in the sticks where the only traffic is deer that time of day, so ymmv if you are in the city) I tried to kill the battery this week but was not successful - Hands down, I love these and will be using them for a few upcoming Ingress events using apps like Zello.
The headset received a 4 star for me. The sound is great the battery life is great, the only complaint i have is with the storage, the ear buds dangle a bit to low. But their  customer service is a five star. Very satisfied with their customer service.
I am not an audiophile by any means, however I absolutely love these headphones. I needed headphones that arent cumbersome and these fit that bill beautifully. Im on the phone all day at work(I work in logistics) and these headphones allow me to have conversations with my customers on my work phone and my drivers via these headphones. Calls are crystal clear and I have had no complaints on the audio for the other end. Mids and lows are quite nice and the bass is just right for the type of music I listen to(Jazz, classic rock, metal, hip hop) and the battery life is outstanding. The controls are a joy to operate and the device itself looks smashing. Have already convinced several coworkers to order a set.
I own Apple AirPods, and Powerbeats and this is now my go to headphones.  The battery life is incredible.  The sound quality is excellent and I am very impressed by how well they stay connected as I walk away from my phone into the next room. I have worn them while pressure washing the house, cutting the grass and other physically demanding tasks and they are still going strong. One dislike is the loud “ding” sound when you reach max volume, I think that’s something that isn’t really necessary but it’s not a big deal.
I am constantly on the move and needed a pair of reliable headphones and then I found these.  After 4 months of use, one of the lines was shorting out and I contacted the manufacturer since they provide an awesome warranty.  With in 3 days my new pair arrived!
Nice headphones for the price. Its hard not to compare them to my Bose QuietControl 30, but there $300 and the Anker headphones are $50. They feel like if I travelled with them in my bag, they would break so bought a hard case. Anker needed to include a hard case with these headphones, they include a nice silky bag that provide zero protection. I like my Anker soundbuds slim headphones for daily use, but you give up 20hr battery life and noise cancellation. Bluetooth pairing was easy on iPad and iMac. Like other Anker earbuds when there not in your ears they magnet hold together. Wearing the earbuds for two hour movies were comfortable and decent bass for an action movie. You can change the ear tips to get what is most comfortable for your ears and they come off for cleaning. Micro USB charging was quick and easy. You forget your wearing the comfortable silicone neckband. I will probably not take them out of the house a lot but they are IPX5 rated for real life water proofing, youre not swimming in them, just rain proof. More likely for everyday will take Anker SoundBuds Slim+ because role them up in pocket easy, sacrifice 1.5hr battery and no noise cancelation. I aways have an Anker power pack in my bag and rarely listen for more then an hour. But if your watching a 2hr movies, a commuter or on a long airplane flight the extra battery life appreciated. If they had made them sturdier they would be uncomfortable. The Bose are much nicer, but at 6x the cost. For the money its great buy, if you get a sturdy case for them.
SoundBuds Life Bluetooth Headphone * Product exterior – Product packing is great as always and well packed with a carry pouch, various ear tip sizes and charging cable. * Description of use – Every day use. Very light and absolutely comfortable * Ideal users – Almost anyone. its a great sounding headset with crystal clear sound with long battery life. Unlike other product, there is no noise and no thump when cable moves as it rests very easy on neck. * Competitive comparisons – Similar to other products. But this fits bit better and very comfortable. Not to mention is waterproof. Well done Anker, this is a winner One minor thing, USBC move would be nice Disclaimer: I am independent reviewer and got this product for testing.
Ive tried a few bluetooth headphones/earbuds and have always been pretty skeptical. This is my 2nd pair of Anker bluetooth headphones and as usual, Im very pleased with Ankers quality. This pair of headphones has more functions than most of my previous bluetooth headphones which I like. The vibration notifications are really cool as well, and the headphones being magnetic to tie back behind your neck is also a nice feature. The range is a solid 50 feet through walls and call quality is really good. I use these primarily for work calls as I work from home. Definitely pleased with this set of headphones.
These headphones are great for my uses. These arent really made for working out or any intense activity. These hang nicely around my neck and are very comfortable to wear. I have some of Ankers active lifestyle headphones and theyre decent sound quality for what they are. I dont really need a Bose audio system when Im sweating profusely and running. These work well when Im watching videos on my iPad or when Im listening to music while working. One bonus for these large style headphones is they were able to fit a large battery in there. Having a 20-hour battery life is really great considering I can use them for three to four hours a day and have the charge them every week or every other week. The sound quality is really crisp though, the bass is adequate but the sound reproduction really is superior. The wires connecting to the headphones can be a bit frail and I can see where that could be an issue for others if theyre not careful but these headphones always stay in one spot in my house so very low chance of them getting damaged. The Bluetooth signal is solid and I never had an issue with it dropping. Connecting is quick and overall, I am very happy with this product.
I have a few bluetooth headsets (Ankers Lite, Beats) and am writing this review in comparison to what I have experienced with the other 2. The Life is definitely a significant upgrade from the Lite but the Beats are far more superior ... but they cost more than $100. At this price range, to have the features that the Life offers is definitely great value for money. Pairing was easy. Very well made. Compared to the Lite this one looks much more luxurious and feels better in the hands. What I like ... - Longer battery life (Anker claims 20 hours). I havent used it till the battery died but I trust what Anker claims. Battery indicator lights helps tell you when you should charge - very helpful. - Better bass than the Lite. - Water resistant - Tangle free Nothing I can criticize about it. But if there were choices of other colors will be nice. Overall, for the price range, I think this is pretty close to ideal.
So, I definitely do not want to bash this headset.  These are great earbuds, played music well and with minimal interruption while I did yard work.  But my main purpose in getting them was for work calls!  I work from home and am often typing on the keyboard, especially when taking notes for work.  Unfortunately, I have had co-workers complain about the "horrible typing noise" (co-workers words) when we are on the phone.  It actually drowned out another person on the call, and I cant always be on mute. Consequently, Im hoping Anker has a solution, but I may have to return this headset, as it will not do the job for me.  :-( Otherwise, they are great!  Only giving four stars because the microphone did not filter noise that well.  Everything else is GREAT!  For the price, they are pretty good, but I did expect better in this price range.
Anker demands quality. Over the years you have come to expect high quality products when it comes to Anker, if its power banks, cables or even audio devices. These are no exception. I must say, if youve ever opened an Anker package that just arrived in the mail its akin to opening a present on Christmas morning. Today was a little different, the packaging felt cheap, thinner than normal. The carrying case seemed like an afterthought. It came with a small micro USB charging cable and plenty of ear cushions. Enough about the design, the sound is great. At first it feels a little cheesy on the bass. But they feel high quality along with crisp notes and words. The neck band at first seemed awkward, but once I put it on it felt really good. Not heavy at all, the buttons were easy to press and responded well. I think for the money this is a great buy. Great quality, great sound and superb customer service. Must have to the Anker line-up.
Light weight and comfortable around the neck, I didnt feel that it was around my neck! Battery I love it 
I have other anker stuff thats great, but these are a dud. Earbuds - especially the cords - feel very cheap. Edit: Anker called me and gave me another pair of Bluetooth earbuds for free. 11/10 customer service.
Fit and form are great. Its not so great at filtering background noise in loud places but for normal use, I love it.
Posited easily. Easy to operate.  Good sound quality.
Without the instruction sheet, the Soundbuds Life connected quickly to iPad and iPhone 6S and stay connected with indoor range about 25-30 feet through multiple condo walls. Sound better than the $25 Skullcandy wired buds these replaced. I got a much better seal and better bass with the large earpieces (comes installed with medium); Im an adult male. By comparison, I also have Bose QuietComfort 35s and these buds compare well for music. Solid, clean bass, clear mids and highs that are not at all harsh (Im not a major basshead). Unexpected bonuses: holding the +/- buttons operate the skip functions for Xfinity streaming TV and Overdrive audiobooks - I like. Holding the pause button brings up Siri (she told me the Cubs game starts at 1:30 today and I went back to music), though I have not used the microphone for phone calls yet. The neckband looked rather large in pictures but is actually extremely comfortable and light, even lying down. So far, I could not be happier, especially at this price. I paid the Amazon full price and got nothing for this review!
Received the unit today and spent the afternoon listening with them.  Im a daily headphone user mostly for travel, and quite frequently on airplanes.  Ive had LG branded headphones for a few years - my one complaint with them is you need to have a carry case to protect them because in a laptop backpack they get banged too much and arent protected.  Im a little concerned with the bag Anker provided with this one but the band and buttons themselves look to be more sturdy. Time will tell. My only complaint is the lack of either a retractable cord on them, or a magnetic attachment to the headphones not to each other. I understand why they went this way - but it seems like a fragile point. I want to see if they have better life than my SoundBud Slim earbuds. Those would only run about 2.5 hours max - i understand their size but not good on a long distance flight. Also to note- bluetooth might need updating - couldnt get more than 5 feet away around a corner from device without noticeable drops. They are comfortable to wear and sound quality is on par with other sets.  I really like Ankers ear cushions. The Slims are about the most perfect fit for me - better than Bose.
I really never leave a review for a product but this one was great even though the headset last only a month and the right side ear bud went completely out. So i submitted a RMA on Ankers website and got an email from them asking me to try to reset the headset, try that and no luck. They sent me a new pair and they work great. I am leave it 5 stars because the customers service was excellent. I would still recommend buying this headset and if you have a issue down the road you have an 18 month warranty.
Bought these for my mom and she loves them. Last all day and charge easily. Still haven’t let her down and are very durable She wears them pretty much everywhere she goes.
I have almost bought like 5 to 6 earphones to be frank, But nothing satisfied me but this was amazing and loved it to the peak. I became fan of ANker products after this product. Now I am having Anker charger cable, Anker Earphones, Anker Power bank, Anker aux cable, Anker Anker Anker..... all I would like to buy is Anker products.... ThanQ Anker
Good product when it works.  But it produces some cracking sound when connected to my Android (when not playing music) specially when I move pages within an app or when moving from one app to another. Sometime get loud - this is the only part that is annoying. So, I have to play music to stop the cracking sound from coming again and again. Overall, will recommend to someone wanting to buy. Update 7/6- The static noise is more pronounced now and loud in between songs when I browse on Chrome and when song is playing on Play music App. Disappointed .... Considering returning it. The first product Im disappointed from Anker. Update 7/7 - Anker customer support contacted me immediately. They believe that switching off touch sound in Android settings may help and asked for additional details about my phone. They also offered a Bluetooth speaker for the in coninience caused. After seeing change I can see a minor improvement in the static noise , it doesnt happen that often when music is playing in background and Im browing on chrome. A Big Thumbs Up to the Anker Customer Support Team! Update 7/10- Wonderful customer support!! The static noise is not as pronounced now after the above changes - it is better now. Have updated the star rating. They offered 50% refund and a mini BT speaker as well - thanks!  Few points for improvement 1) Multipoint connection will be good to have 2) Dedicated mute button for taking those conference calls on the go. Overall, excellent product and worth the money!!!!! A Big Thumbs Up!!
I was looking for a replacement for a similar more expensive (and less reliable) LG headset that died on me rather quickly. First I tried the Anker Soundbuds Lite headset, which were fantastic for listening to music but did not have vibration notification that I really need for phone calls. An Anker customer service representative suggested I try the Soundbuds Life headset because they DO have vibration notification, and I could not be happier with them. They are far more comfortable on my neck than the LG headset I previously owned because they are lighter, and they sound better. I can hear clearly even in noisy environments like a city bus in traffic. The ear pieces are very comfortable and I can wear them for long periods of time. People I am talking to report really good sound quality from the microphone. They are so comfortable that I sometimes forget I am wearing them. The overall fit and finish of the product is very high quality. These are a premium product. The magnetic earpieces connect together nicely to avoid tangling which is great because often I just leave them dangling until I need to make a phone call. I typically work a 12-13 hour work day, so I need a headset with a very long battery life and these did not disappoint. My main concern was a functional headset for business purposes where I know I can have a clear conversation with clients when I am in noisy environments throughout the day. So far, these have worked better in that regard than any other headset Ive owned. I could not be happier with this product. If your priority is listening to music or podcasts, it works well for that too. Quite simply, after owning about six different Bluetooth headsets over the years, this is the best of the bunch. And let me also add that Anker customer service has been great. When I expressed disappointment with their other product that didnt have vibration notification, they immediately told me about this product, and sent one out to me right away. Customer service is important to me and Ankers quick response and helpfulness was great. Theyve definitely earned repeat business.  I would 100% recommend this headset over any similar product by other manufacturers.
Wonderful and very clear.  No issues with connecting to my Lumia 950.
Far more bass than I expected out of the box.  Highs are present and do their job but they arent anything better than acceptable.  The weird style is far more comfortable than I expected and I like this design a LOT better than the thin silicon wire that connects two ear buds.  its a brilliant design to have the shoulder band as the "new headband".  It allows a much larger battery, physical buttons, good microphone positioning, and positions the IEM cord to not get in the way. I took a shot on this style because of Amazons awesome return policy and the fact that Anker has been on a roll for me personally.  I am glad I did because I cant imagine anything better than this other than the TRUE wireless headphones out there (but all of those Ive tried have 2-3 seconds of audio delay which makes them horrid for video). Biggest gripe I have is that... well I dont have a huge gripe, I guess usb-c would be nice otherwise I cant find anything to complain about.
I have used "ear bud" headphones for many years as I really dislike having my ears covered with the full ones.  I have a collection of Bluetooth ear buds for work and for exercising.  One of my all-time favorites were ones that had a similar design to these, but were more expensive and less reliable.  The refined look of these, great sound, comfort while wearing, and long battery life makes these a real winner for me.  I use them all day at the office and I often forget Im wearing them.  You dont notice the band anymore just minutes after putting it on, and theres nothing dragging on the back of your neck every time you turn your head (I have several pairs of ones that do).  I am very happy with this product and would definitely recommend it.  I have been using mine for well over a year without any issues...
I had read an earlier review before I purchased them about how good the support was in case there are any issues.  So I took a chance with this headset. The headphones them selves worked fine for a while.  After having them for about 3 weeks the left earbud wire got a short in it.  I was very displeased as I use Bluetooth headsets constantly. I contacted Anker support via email.  I must say that with a couple of emails back and forth I am getting a new set of ear buds delivered today.  I deal with vendors all day and this is one of the best customer service experiences I have ever had.  SoundBuds Life gets a 3 star review.  But the customer service gets a 5 star review.  If you do purchase these make sure you save the small charging cable.  It has the serial number of the headphones on a sticker attached to it.
Great design, easy to use. The cord that connects the ear buds is kind of thin so they are easy to damage. Ive had two pairs that got snagged or caught on something and broke the cable. Otherwise they have tremendous battery life. I would recommend them, just be careful with the ear buds.
We bought two of these.  One is used as a headset for a runner, the other is used as a headset in a work environment. Both are used with Bluetooth 4.0 MP3 players. The sound is great, better than other plugged and full head set devices we own.  Love the battery life and it plays well with Bluetooth 4.0 device features. The only draw back weve seen is that the headset thats used in the work environment stopped working on the right side.  This also happens to be the side that is left to dangle most of the time.  It seems that the wire cant reliably support the weight of the ear bud.  On the upside we contacted the supplier  (AnkerDirect) and they quickly replaced the unit since it was still under warranty!  This issue is the only reason for the 4 star rating. The headset used for the runner has had no problems and we love the sweat resistance of the product. I havent been able to find a better headset for this price with BT 4.0 and sweat resistant properties.  The warranty is respected and AnkerDirect is easy to do business with.
Been using the earbuds for just about 1 year now. The sound is great and battery life is extraordinary. Quality is great and I sometimes forget I have them on me when Im at work listening to podcasts. I must applaud Ankers customer service and literal "no-hassle" warranty program. About 3-4 months into using these the right ear bud stopped working. I e-mailed Anker and they immediately sent out a replacement set to me and I sent back the defective item after I received the new buds. Now right before the 12 month mark the same thing happens and the right buds go out. I contact Anker again and this time they sent out a replacement to me and told me to keep the defective set of earbuds. I still use both and will likely continue to use the defective buds until they give out but their customer service is A+ in my book. Will definitely continue to support them and consider their products in the future.
I can’t believe these headphones. I know a few people that have the same ones and they love them. I listen to them for 6-8 hours a day every single day between music and podcasts. I’ve had them for almost a year and a half and they haven’t skipped a beat. Also, I won’t construction so I’m used to going through a new set every couple months. I killed sonys, skullcandys and probably 4 various others. I will for sure be getting another set of these if mine ever actually die.
Great sound and lasts my whole night shift. Sadly there is a wiring issue with mine and the left one keeps going in and out. My return window has passed or I would return for a new set so I recommend getting the warranty unlike me. My boyfriend has had his for over a year and they work amazingly.
The customer service for Anker is amazing.
First one lasted less than a week. Contacted anker and they said it was a defect and resolved the issue. Enjoying the pair at the moment, will update if the product fails. I love the battery life of this product, and enjoy this form factor for its convenience. The thin wire models always get tangled or fall off my neck. Im hoping they continue to sell and improve on this style.
Music to your ears Anker SoundBuds Life I don’t really ‘do’ earbuds, but when the opportunity arose to review these for Anker, I thought I would have a go. They are comfortable, un-intrusive, easy to operate, and produce a sound quality way beyond their diminutive size. In the box SoundBuds Life neck band with earbuds attached. Micro USB charging cord Spare earbud covers Instruction manual Storage pouch Build quality Like everything else I have used from Anker, there is a reassuring build quality here. The neck band is light, but robust. The ear buds themselves are slightly heavier than expected, and magnetised – so that they clip together when not in use. All controls are built into the neckband within easy reach. Pairing and ease of use Bluetooth pairing proved to be both easy and quick. Volume controls and USB port are on one side of the neckband and power switch on the other. On the outside is the play/pause/ call-answering/ voice-activation switch. All of these are easy to locate by touch and safely encased so that they can be operated in all weathers. Audio quality This, of course, is what should matter most, and I was not disappointed. Full tonal range was present, with a surprisingly good bass.  When I switched to a classical playlist, I felt that I was hearing notes I had never heard before! Overall, I would recommend these to anyone who wants to try the ear buds thing without getting caught up in a load of dangling wires – neat, elegant, easy to use and sounding good!
SoundBuds Life Wireless Lightweight Neckband Headphones – this has to be one of my favorite Anker products as of yet. From the way that it was packaged, the construction, operation and ease of use makes it a definite winner. Build quality is outstanding for wireless headphones, has no weight when it is placed around the neck of the user. Operation is simple, pairing to my iPhone was flawless and never lost connection during any time when it was used. Fits in the ears snug and provides excellent sound when playing music. Making and receiving calls is done without any effort and is flawless it operation. One thing that stands out the most is how comfortable they fit and are to use which has been a problem with other wireless headphones I have used before. They look very stylish and I have been asked about the Anker brand and will state that this company makes excellent products. Carrying case and charging cable and easy to read and use instructions are included as well as earbuds in different sizes but the standard one fits well. Battery usage is great as it lasts for a very long time since first charged up. Overall, I am very impressed with these wireless headphones and recommend them as you will not be disappointed. Job well done Anker.
I havent charged these yet after several days of using them (and after falling asleep with them on twice) and the battery hasnt died yet. The sound quality is pretty good, definitely a lot better than the Apple earbuds I was using. The set is really comfortable to wear; the earbuds stay securely in place (Ive stuck with the original ear pieces) and the collar band is lightweight and has a comfortable texture. The mic quality is excellent, and this is going to be my go-to set for long phone calls. Overall these headphones are excellent.
I received these headphones two days ago and they are great. I have tried other bands and designs before but these I will say are tops. Battery life seems really good and Bluetooth pairing (which I have had issues in the past) was simple and never faulted. I have paired it to my Kindle and old Note 3. The neckband is very easy to get used to and after a while you hardly know its there. The controls were easy to understand after reading the owners manual. The vibration function comes in handy to let you know when you turn it on. Now I have no complainants with the sound quality at all. Comes though loud and very clean. I have used them while mowing grass and they are great.  Great look and overall black and grey finish is great ... just what I would expect from Anker.
These have me seriously impressed!  The fit and finish is very nice, the buttons are well placed and very functional.  Ive been through many bluetooth headsets before, but this is my first neck band style.  I really like the comfort!  Given the water/sweat resistance, I think these will work very well for hiking, cycling, walking, etc.  They also have a great vibration feature in the neckband as well for power on/off and incoming calls - nice touch!  Pushing and holding the play button activates Siri on my iPhone. Audio quality if where these really shine!  Clear and crisp throughout the range, with nice tight bass.  I would rate them on par or slightly better than my Bose SoundSport Bluetooth headphones. Bottom line is this:  if I lost these today, I would absolutely get another pair!  Fantastic!!
very good sound quality, but gets feed back when watching tv
I love this headphone! The sound is great and the earpieces fit perfectly! It is lightweight and comfortable to wear, and I really like that I don’t have to worry about losing an earpiece or having to unravel a cord.
I’ve had these for 2 days now and I like them a lot my only complaint is that the sound is a little too loud at the lowest volume
Like many, I never really found a pair of bluetooth headphones that I was completely happy with. They were either too bulky, had poor sound quality, or had cables that got all tangled. I was very happy to find the Anker Soundbuds Life. They are a top notch quality of wireless headphones. In the box you get your wireless headphones, a nice pull-string cloth carrying bag, three pairs of different sized ear buds, and a micro USB charging cable. My buds came fully-charged, so I was ready to go. I had been using a pair of Soundpeats bluetooth headphones for a few years. The one thing I really disliked about them was the cable getting all twisted and hanging weird on the back of my neck. Pretty ironic that the one thing that irked me most about my wireless headphones was the wire! The Soundbuds Life has a sturdy but very lightweight neck band that simply hangs on you neck. Honestly, I hardly notice that it’s there at all. From the neckband, you have your familiar earbuds that fit comfortably in your ear canal. The earbuds themselves are magnetized so you can stick them together to keep things nice and tidy. Pairing the Soundbuds with a device is super easy. Simply hold down the power button for a few seconds and your enter pairing mode. A few clicks on whatever device you’re using and you’re ready to go. I used this with my Samsung Galaxy S8 and Gear Fit2 with zero issues. You have volume and skip track controls on the right side of the neckband and the power and play buttons on your left. The play button is used to answer calls and you can even use it with Siri. I use these mostly at the gym (weights, elliptical, etc) and they’ve been great. You even get IPX5 water resistance which Anker says is good for sweat and rain. Audio quality is also excellent. And with a full charge, you get up to 20 hours of play time. All in all, a great headset by Anker. Ultra comfortable, great sound, easy to setup, and very cool looking. They’ve become my go-to headset.
Anker has done it again and made a great product even greater! Im a bit of a Bluetooth headset tech fan as Ive owned about 4 Bluetooth ear pieces (mostly Jawbone). Ive also owned 3 Anker Bluetooth headsets; the SoundBuds Life being the 3rd. They take what was already a wonderful product (Anker SoundBuds Lite) and refined the quality even further. Theyve added a bunch of new features. The most notable improvement is a vibration function. This happens while turning on and off as well as when the phone rings. This is the first time Ive experienced this on a Bluetooth headset and am quite a fan. The audio quality seems to be improved as well. The headset will go louder than is comfortable for me. They could use a touch more bass, although too much bass in an in-ear headphone is very uncomfortable. Id rather have not enough than too much.  Theyve also added a micro USB cover that Im assuming is water resistant. The whole headset seems to be closer to water proof than the SoundBuds Lite. The battery has also been improved. They are advertised at 20 play time. Ive never have had a low battery warning on my last Bluetooth headset, SoundBuds Lite. I would just charge them once a week and never get a low battery signal. Anker has said to charge them at least once every 45 days. That shouldnt be a problem, lol. I also like the new placement of the play / pause button. Its right on the front of the left arm; very easy to get to. The one thing that I dont like is the volume selectors adjust the volume on the headset itself; not the phones volume. So you could have the headset volume maxed out but your phones volume only at 50%. They should be one in the same IMO. Overall Im quite impressed with the improvements that Anker has made to their new Bluetooth headset, SoundBuds Life. I still really like the Lites, but these are even better. If youre on a tight budget, go with the Lites. You will not be disappointed. Although if you have some extra cash to spare, definitely go with the Lifes! -Dan recommended!
l dont work out as much as I should nor I am not one of those jacked guys at the gym doing power sets. I am a casual exerciser but now I dont have to look like one with the Anker SoundBuds Life Headphones. Anker always does a good job of packaging their products, and these headphones are no different. In addition to the headphones, you get microusb cable, carrying case, and replacement ear buds. Lets get down the quick and dirty: Pros: - Great build quality. - Sounds great: Sharp Highs and decent lows (see cons). - Long battery life: havent died on me yet. - Surprisingly comfortable. - The magnetic buds offer a great way to store your headphones without knots! - Good Value Cons: - The bass isnt going to blow you away but it doesnt take away from the quality. In closing, these are great headphones for the value. They work great both on the go and sitting around doing a conference call. They arent audiophile quality, nor do they have the same lows as my Sennheisers, but youre working out it these. No one wants to take $200 headphones to the gym to just cover them in sweat and possibly lose them. Next time I go to the gym, I am grabbing these Ankers.
I have loved having these earbuds. They have great battery life, they are waterproof and were the right size for my neck and to wear under my motorcycle helmet. However, I have gone through 4 other brands that had the same style and similar features but they all have failed at about the same time and in the same fashion. After about 6 months one side of the earbuds dies and stops playing music. Im not sure if it is how I take them out of my ear, by sliding my finger down the cord until it pops out or what but you would think this would be tested for because so many people take them out this way. I would like to say they were great and give them 5 * but if they only last 6 months its a meh review and only 3*. There needs to be a tougher connection for the cord so this doesnt fail so quickly. Someone please make it better. *Update* After this review I was contacted by an Anker customer service rep to help replace the item. As you can see I didnt ask for it they just reached out to me on third own, 5* customer service there. I have currently gone through 2 headphones and am on the 3rd. After the 2nd failed they offered 2 other models, which most companies wouldnt think of doing. Unfortunately neither would work for what I want to use them for, hence the 3rd replacement. I will continue ue to buy Anker for the product and customer service. Thank you Anker!
Excelente
Good, 4 stars is good for it
Very nice sound quality. After reading some reviews that said bass was lacking, I was pleased to hear clear, strong bass tones. Its important to insert the earbuds fully for good bass; setting the tone controls (equalizer) on your player also can make a big difference. The controls are easy to use and helpful. For example, the play/pause button is also used (via a long press) to call up Siri or Ok Google. This is very handy, making it unnecessary to touch the phone. I havent had the unit long enough to comment on battery life. It is lightweight and easy to sling around your neck and forget about it. The build quality is good. Earbuds fit nicely in my ears (and various sizes of silicon earbud tips are included). Some reviewers said the connection of the wires to the "collar" was a failure point, so I protected this connection by taping the wire to the collar with a little extra loop to prevent the wire from pulling.
Great warranty
I manage a warehouse and need to stay in constant contact with my drivers, whether I am on the road or managing inventory. I only take these off when I crawl into bed at night. They are very comfortable, and I can run them for several days before recharging (so forgetting to plug them up one night is not a problem). They charge very quickly, usually within an hour. I also use these to play music on, and am more than satisfied with the sound quality, which beats many of the gaming headsets I have owned. My biggest concern was the way the earbuds always hung, thinking they were going to get caught and broken. 2 months later, has not happened a single time. If I am doing something where they might get caught, I either pop them in or tuck them into my shirt. Very happy with them, will buy another set if/when I destroy these.
Great customer service!! These work great. The sound qualirtt is awesome. The first set had a short in one ear bud and as soon as I made the company aware of it they sent me a new pair.
I like these so much Ive had to come and make a review. These have been the best bluetooth headphones Ive ever purchased, even better then my Bose. Definitely a great call!
Light, Long battery life and the price is incomparable. I own one with "b" on the ear piece. Not comfortable and another brand also more expensive and with the same quality. Was shocked that it has vibration option 
Anker is a great brand! All there sound boxes and head buds sound great. This has a vibrate when it rings. If some one is calling! And plays for ever on one charge or seems like it. I would but again o and I did buy a 2  Pair for my other half! Tc all
Great sound, great comfort in ear, great phone quality  and great bass. Bass is strong but could be better. Volume could be higher. Phone quality is better than my Plantronics bluetooth. 3 weeks in, worthy purchase.
I’m truly in love with these headset , the sound quality is great and it very comfortable around my neck and most of all it’s very light weight... I listen to a lot of music especially when I’m at work so these headset is perfect. I am a big Anker fan so I knew I wasn’t going to be disappointed at all
Quality is good. Fast delivery
I drive a lot in a cheap car, these are great to block out the road noise, not to mention they work really well. Plus I had to send mine back for a warranty issue and the customer service was top notch. Love this company and will always look at their products first. (No, I’m not affiliated, just very satisfied)
Battery works great as well as neckband. Just put on and forget about it. Wish about better "IP" protection and straps.
I bought this for my wife as she was using my wireless earbuds. These are the best wireless earbuds u have ever purchased. Great battery life, shape and comfort. The sounds is extremely clear and rivals those of named brand like Sony and even Beats, minus the premium price.
Right out of the box these were awesome. I bought them to wear daily in my home repair business. They were great stayed in my ears on stayed around my neck going up and down ladders crawling in attics. WiFi strong kept connected. It started getting cold and the often on of my jacket or hoodie pullover sweatshirt the left bud starred to short out.  Another feature  was it paired up to Siri Making it simple to answer calls or have Siri look up questions I might have on the job. Also another great feature  were the raised buttons Easy to worth with gloves. I bought anger  because I have a history with their product their chargers are stellar seem to be well-made and the batteries I think are the best for longevity. Sadly I had to ask for return and it was no surprise as to the quality Of customer service.  I asked this service rep if they could recommend something in a mill spec type device that would take my abuse and they weren’t able to. Simple fix to this would be a heavier gauge wire on the earbuds where it connects to the neck piece Silicone to keep it from moving around.  I gave this four stars really should give it five stars I’m just too hard on these kind of products. If you’re going to the gym even mountain bike riding jogging This is a great product I’d recommend it. If you Buy them order some of that new multiple glue put a couple of dollops right where the wire exits the neck piece and I think you’ll do well. Sadly I’m on the search for another pair.
They automatically pair, which creates an issue. Great product, sound, and battery. I’d give them 5 stars, but they automatically pair with the last device connected to. I use them with my iPhone & Mac book pro. It’s extremely inconvenient when I power them up then have to disconnect them from one device when I want to use them on the other device.
Works well, the only reason I dont give them five stars is the dangling nature of the design- but the work great!  The left bud died on my and support sent me a replacement immediately.
I received these in exchange for a different model I was having trouble with. First, the battery life is great. I cant overstate what a big deal that is especially if youve ever owned a pair with not much battery life. They stay on. The collar part is paramount in that regard. The sound is above average as far as Bluetooth headsets go, and have had no complaints from others while using them to make phone calls. Huge plus for me! However, I havent made a call with a lot of ambient noise. Anker is a great brand, with good quality products. If you do happen to need their support, they go above and beyond to make sure everything is how it should be. I cant stress how much of a part of their business customer care is. Its why I continue to buy Anker products. Oh, and 18 month warranty too!
Very comfortable and battery life has been pretty impressive. Headphones seem to be very well made for the price.
Anker has yet to let me down. Superb product. I forget that I have it around my collar because its very light. Sound quality is excellent.
Ive been using these on my way to and from work for about six months. They perform reliably and have an excellent battery life: I only have to charge about once a week or less. Edit: knocked off a star because, after six months, the vibrating motor broke. This is not a huge deal to me, the motor is there to indicate to you when the device is turned on or off, which you can easily detect with audio cues if the ears are in, or with an indicator light near the power button. It also means that it doesnt buzz for phone calls, which I dont particularly care about because my phone rings.
4 Stars for the overall quality 5 Stars for Ankers customer service. I have been using the buds on a regular basis since I first bought them. Started having issued with the left ear piece so I contacted Anker directly. They responded very quickly and sent me a replacement pair. Was blown away on how fast I got them. I would definitely recommend them to anyone interested.
Easy to link up to a Bluetooth device....sound quality is great, the battery lasts a long time and only takes a short time to recharge. I use this during my workouts at the gym,, its great having short cords that dont get in the way while exercising. I also use this while mowing my lawn and doing yard work and cycling...
The first pair broke in less than a month with light use, less than 5hrs on low to medium volume. The left earbud went out first, then the right followed soon after. I contacted Ankers Customer Service and received a reply quickly, and before I knew it they replaced the broken set. Since then Ive been using the earbuds more heavily, 7+ hours everyday with low to medium volume. Note: I keep my phone close and change tracks/volume often. Im pleased with the product and Service, and will continue to purchase more Anker products
Great earphones.  Had an issue with the left side bud losing audio, but Anker was quick to send a replacement.
Nicely constructed. Very nice sound. No apparent "active noise cancelling" for reducing outside noise getting to your ears. The reference to noise cancelling must be something to do with noise cancelling for phone calls, because there appears to be no "active" noise cancelling capabilities that reduce outside noise. They look nice, and for a price point of ~$50, I find that they perform as well or better than some that I have tried, that cost well over $100. Music sound is very pleasant and accurate. Volume level is not high, but high enough. Higher volume levels that what these offer would be nice for a short time, but it would also cause hearing damage. So, these may be a little short on volume for "jamming out" to a killer song, but its nice that folks wont wreck their hearing with these. They would be perfect for use at the office, or home. They bounce around too much for running. Im selling these to a co-worker, and Ill continue my search for nice sounding buds with active noise cancelling.
Great headset, awesome customer service. I purchased them about 2 months ago. I have it 4 stars for 1 simple reason, left ear bud stopped working after a few weeks. Seems like the wire connection became undone. They sent me a replacement set and in a few days I was back to listening to my tunes. Seems like if they included a way to secure the wires it could be avoided. I used a couple of my little girls rubber hair bands and forgot it ever happened. Anker makes great products and the customer service is way above par. Will be buying another set for the wife, so she can stop taking mine.
Great battery life!!!  Great clarity from the buds and noise cancellation from the outside noise.
The battery life is amazing and they feel comfortable around the neck and in the ears.  I love all of Anker products but these are just not as comfortable as my Anker SoundBuds Lite. And the sound is every so lightly different. But perfect for long flights.
Love these.  Awesome sound and easy to use.  Even on phone, people never suspect you are using ear buds or bluetooth.  Battery does last 20 hours.  Easy to charge.
These are great performing soundbuds with very good battery life. After a number of months, the sound in one of my buds started to cut in and out. The company immediately replaced the entire set at no cost and no hassle. They are a vendor that I would turn to
I have been very satisfied with these in the couple of months I have had them. The sound quality is better than my hearing quality, so there isnt much I can say about it. Battery life is phenomenal, I have worn them for 12 hour stretches (not listening to music, occasional phone calls) and had them show a full charge in under half an hour. The only possible issue is the microphone seems to be a bit positional on calls, but it is just a matter of moving out a bit to get good quality. I particularly like that they vibrate for incoming calls and I can keep the ringer on my phone off.
I have come to rely on the quality of Anker products, whether that be for charging cables, backup batteries or earbuds and this set is the best earbuds that they have produced to date. They are comfortable, the battery lasts for days of intermittent use, the sound quality is above average for inside the ear Bluetooth headphones, I could go on and on. After a month or so, one of the earbuds began cutting out. I contacted Anker and they quickly verified my purchase and shipped me a replacement. That maintains the 5-star rating for the product and confirms the attention to detail that Anker has for their customers as well. If I could make an improvement suggestion: On the ends of the neckband there should be a spot to attach the earbuds magnetically to the frame of the device. That doesnt remove a star, its just something Id like to see. Beyond that, Im not sure how else these could be improved. I dont rate products based on what I want them to be. I base them on what they are, and these are fantastic earbuds made by a fantastic company. Buy with confidence!
Sound quality and battery life are good, BUT volume is mediocre requiring maxc on phone and headphone to listen to book while shopping in grocery.
They work well for the price. The customer service from anger is amazing
So far so good, and Im rough on headphones. Im a chef and so theyre exposed to temperature and humidity change, etc. Only had them for a few days but love the placement of the controls, theyre light but sturdy, I like pretty much everything from Anker!!
I purchased the Anker SoundBuds Life Wireless Neckband Headphones for my husband.  He absolutely loved them! There was a problem with them not working so I contacted the Anker Customer Support line.  I was very hesitant because most companies give you a hard time with fixing or replacing items.  Well I can honestly say that they are AMAZING!  I provided documentation and pics and they IMMEDIATELY sent a replacement out.  No hassle, no hard questions.  Customer Service was so nice and courteous and they apologized for the problem we experienced with the headphones.  The replacement arrived immediately.  I will continue to purchase additional items from Anker.  They have earned my loyalty.
