Full disclosure: I havent tried them. I have used bluetooth headphones/headsets from no-names to name brands (i.e., Moto, Samsung, Sony) on and off for years. This is the first time Ive ever come across a headset that wont pair to two devices at one time. Before iPhones were available through other carriers, I used Bluetooth to connect to my phone for calls and my iPod Touch for music. What was that--Bluetooth 2? Yes, it was: https://www.amazon.com/Motorola-MOTOROKR-Bluetooth-Headphones-Packaging/dp/B000NKCO5Q. Today, I still need that feature. I will listen to music on my smartphone but need to take calls on my desktop phone while at work. Upon receiving the headset, I couldnt find the instructions to pair it to more than one device. I checked the questions/answers section on Amazon and got mixed answers (one said it works, another said it doesnt). So I called Anker and they told me that it does not pair to more than one device at a time. In fact, none of their bluetooth devices do. The representative told me that they often get the same feedback, but there are no plans to implement the feature in future devices. Three stars because they look good and I usually do like Anker products. Im just not comfortable taking full responsibility for a missing feature that I ass-u-me-d was standard and I wanted to share this with others who might make the same assumption. Also, Im out $6 because Amazon is making me pay for shipping back.
First set: the left ear bud just cut off, no reason.  Amazon replaced it immediately. Second set, I gently tugged (accidentally) on the right ear bud while adjusting my seat belt and now has been disconnected apparently.  Theres no visual tear, but these are clearly far too fragile for the amount that the item gets worn/used.
They were great while they lasted. I just wore them around the house and at work, never wore them while working out, but after maybe a little more than a month the left earbud started cutting out about 90% of the time. If the cords were more durable itd be a no brainer.
I had these replaced multiple times and then just gave up. The one ear always breaks so I went and bought a different brand
Box says that battery life is up to 24 hours well is more like 12 hours, when the battery life is at 50% you only have probably like 2 hours left of audio and you have to charge them after, not good for working out, they fall off your neck if you are laying down lifting weights for chest workout, sound quality is just basic, the only thing going for them is that they are comfortable to wear.
Item is now playing in one ear only
Does NOT hold up to freezing temps. After 1 night in my car at about 15°F I have to jiggle the wires to maybe hear anything. Not happy at all! Let my mistake be a warning to everyone else in cold climates. Take these in at night!
Ive given these the old college try. Theyre comfortable, the battery life is outstanding, sound quality is fine. Its the build quality that is woefully subpar. Since I bought my first pair, Ive bought a pair for my dad and a pair for my girlfriend. All three have lost sound in one earbud. Today, my replacement pair lost sound in the right earbud. If youre keeping track, thats four faulty headsets out of six. So far. I do have to applaud Ankers customer support - they replaced each faulty headset with no fuss (until my current pair, because Ive given up). Instead of contacting support for a third pair, I bit the bullet (no pun intended) and just ordered a pair of OnePlus bullet wireless earbuds.
The soundbuds Rise and Slim have a better sound quality and the Life ones.
I love these headphones but it is really upsetting how quickly the microphone just stopped working. I like to be able to take calls while at my work desk and after only two weeks, I was getting calls where I could hear the other person but it was apparent I was not being heard. Such an inconvenience, especially due to how much I paid for them. Other than that, they are great - but that is definitely a major flaw.
Stopped working after less than a month.I had such high hopes with this product due to me loving Anker products.
the right speaker broke in just 3 months!
I bought them in July and now they are not working anymore! And the window to returned them closed on August! Really? 50 bucks for a thing to stop working after 3 months!
Initially I had multiple issues where I had repeated faulty versions of these. That being said, the incredible work from Ankers customer service team has finally gotten me one that meets my expectations. The quality of this product is great, the sound is incredible,  and the buttons are simple and easy to use. Everything I wanted and more. The warranty that anker gives their products is a lifesaver.
When I first got this I was thrilled with it. Long battery life and super comfortable. The earbuds are real small and fit under winter hats comfortably. I liked everything about it. But then one side stopped working. I figured it was a one time thing and returned it for another. No more than a week goes by and the new one does the exact same thing. Luckily it was on sale at the time so I didnt lose out much. But still disappointing in how easily it breaks.
The quality of material and build is great. The problem is that the sound completely went out after only 5 months form the left earbud. I love my other Anker earphones and bought these because they are supposed to have longer battery life. I was surprised to find that the sound quality is not as good as well. I would love to give this a better review because I believe so much in this brand but I may have received one of the few bad ones.
Ive had them 5 months but taking them off after a night shift, the band broke on the left side where it transitions from the shape holding band to the hard plastic that holds the working components.  Ive cycled other headsets through battery life and had the speakers lose quality after a couple of years playtime but never before had a neckband break - and I love Anker - their batteries and charging devices are top notch - thats what led me to these, the idea of believing an advertised battery life.
Great sound. Great battery. First set taught me how fragile. Great service. Second set couldn’t be protected enough either.
Barely a month and the left ear bud is messing up. 50 bucks for trash
I had this for one week and both ear phones dose not work I found a better product on e-bay and it’s working out geart
Stopped working after 6 weeks.  It was connected and other person could hear me talking but couldnt hear anything.  For the money I would have thought these would have lasted longer.
The Bluetooth headset sucks I bought two the first one went out as soon as I bought it and now my second one one of the earbuds is not playing any music through it I rate this product a 0 ...anker just stick to battery packs
Dead after a 3 weeks. Too fragile! To think this came from a company that boasts about the durability of their cables. Battery life is very impressive. Lasted a week with light use. But it does not really matter when the earbuds flail around on those very very fragile cables. Customer service is great, helpful and friendly as they should be. But as im traveling abroad, they can be little to no help. Update: i taped down the problematic area with electrical tape. Seems to be working fine now. Hopefully this will last until i get back from traveling even though i doubt it. I suggest everyone who purchase these pairs do the same right out of the box. Tape the most vulnerable spot of the cable down with electrical tape. It works but its really ratchet therefore I wouldnt still recommend this product to anyone. Update: got a replacement pair, can make it work with a little handy work with a bit of electrical tape. But after you do, to me, it’s worth it. The absolute best customer service. Absolutely amazing.
The ear buds have no where to go but hang, they dont even have magnet or attach to themselves. The cable is too weak and broke in the first week of wearing. I think LG makes the best.
Works okay. Be careful with their wording of "Noise Cancelling". The noise cancelling is for phone calls, not for background noise. I did not pay attention enough and am kind of bummed. Sound quality is a little lacking compared to my BOHMs mentioned below which werent that much more. Ear buds usually stay in place, but not always. They claim 20 hours of playback time, I can tell you for a fact its about half that. I have a pair of BOHM B66 with NC and they work fine. (When NC is activated, sound quality suffers as well.) However, I wanted a lighter more portable pair for lugging around all the time. In all, I guess I cant complain since I got them on sale, but I probably would have skipped and shelled out for a more expensive pair with NC for background noise. I have had good luck and service experience with Anker in general, however this one was a disappointing one.
Sound is OK  but the neckband is so big and it was out of shape after i took it out from my package
I loved these earbuds ...at first after about two weeks the signal to the earbuds keeps cutting in and out as they move. Really sucks when Im trying to stay focused on my run.
I ordered two of these as gifts and one them stopped working in one ear, so I sent it back.  The following week the other one stopped working, and guess what?... I sent it back as well.  These are poor quality and I wouldnt waste my time even considering them if I were you!  Save your money!
Loved these for 30 days.  Easy to pair, sound was good, intuitive to use.  Used only a couple times a week while exercising (bike riding MUPs).  So, maybe used 7-8 times total.  However, on day 30 the right ear bud developed a short in the cord where it exits the neck brace.  Was out of town, so couldnt use the easy Amazon return option before it expired.  Now....have to go through Anker support.  About to initiate the worry-free 18-month warranty and friendly customer service part of owning the product. Bummer, I really wanted these to last.
Sound quality is great, vibration is great but the battery life is nowhere near what was advertised.
These were very nice headphones with good sound, great battery life, and a nice control scheme. Were, because one of the earbuds has developed a fault because it got caught in a shirt pocket. The cables that the earbuds hang off of are very thin and fragile; a light tug I barely noticed was enough to strain the cable and create a fault. As much as I enjoyed these headphones  I cant recommend them, considering they saw less than ten days of gentle use (no running, no sports, no travelling in a bag) to be damaged to uselessness. Update: after a few weeks of exceedingly gentle use, the replacement pair broke as well. This time there was no accident or visible fault; the left side just stopped working entirely. I dont know if this is a fault or just my luck, but Im very disappointed. The extra weeks with these cemented my overall impression: fantastic battery life, comfortable to wear, great sound... I just wish they didnt break so easily.
Talk about disappointment.
The design of the product is fine, but after just a couple weeks of use I started getting dramatically reduced battery life, and now they wont take a charge at all. Theyre just dead. Ive had a pretty good streak with Anker products, but I guess streaks are meant to be broken.
update to my purchase, I put this head phone thru it s paces and it fell short ,  started off with working great but  I was having trouble with people hearing me clearly , figured it out , I have a fairly thick neck and the mic was being blocked by my neck ,  other headsets seem to hand down further , then I had trouble with the charging cord getting hot and melting. now the unit will not charge , I like anker products and will look forward to see how they handle this
Was dissapointed in bass quality and maximum volume. I listed to a lot of metal and rock and these headphones just werent cutting it. The highs were pretty good, but started falling apart at higher volumes. Returned them to find a better set. Im sure for the money the sound quality is okay, but Im looking for better, even if it means spending more money. Right now my only comparison headphones are my old Motorola Flex HDs, which lack the upper range, but are better in the lower range, which suits me better. Otherwise I liked the design just fine. They look nice and seem good quality.
While the product for the most part is great, their huge downfall and reason for the negative review is that when not in use the ear buds dangle uselessly. They have magnets so they stick to one another (or anything ferrous that get close to them), but there is nothing for them to dock to on the neckband. So when the buds are not in my ears, theyre getting stuck under my seat belt, or my puppy is biting them. [Update]Anker has offered a refund on the item, as always their customer service is superb. My only issue with this item is the fact there is no place to store the buds when not in my ears. Their sound quality for both phone calls and listening to media is fantastic. Theyre comfortable to wear.
I have a formal music production background, so please take that into consideration on this review.  I have dozens and dozens of headphones.  When I read some of the reviews that compared this to headphones costing 5x as much, I thought Id give it a shot, so I bought a pair. I received the package in two days, packaging was nice, and came with a soft case and a number of smaller and larger earbud pieces among other things.  Normally, I have problems keeping earbuds like this in my ear, but these actually fit quite nice and stayed put.  I was able to sync this to my iPhone in less than a minute, so setup was a breeze.  It gave audible feedback when turning off and on, as well as when pairing. So I play Adele - Hello.  I used the headphone volume adjust to adjust the sound levels and it adjusted them on the iphone automatically. However, the sound was very tinny, it was difficult to pickup all the little details in the song - the more I listened the more I really couldnt take listening to it anymore.  So then I put on my QuietComfort 35 wireless headphones (A previous reviewer posted they compared well for music).  I play the same song, and there was an absolute ridiculously dramatic difference - which I would expect in a ~$50 headset vs a ~$350 over the ear headset.  There were many sounds and highlights in the song that this product just couldnt produce, and it generally sounded just tinny overall. Ive used $30 bluetooth earbuds, and these really just dont sound as good.  I would equate the $30 BT earbuds vs this product to the difference between listening to a song on a FM station, and listening to the same song on any streaming music service on normal-high quality. The product look, quality and features are good, but the sound quality is really quite poor even vs lower priced products.
I was really hopeful with these soundbuds. I really liked them, they had a great sound quality at a great price. Unfortunately I am giving one stars because I have just not have any luck with Anker headphones. After a few days one of the soundbuds stopped making sound. The item may have just been defective, but my other pair of Anker soundbuds also had defective issues and needed to be replaced three times. Dont get me wrong, I love Anker, and I have many of their other products which work well, the headphones Ive gotten just didnt though.
Nice appearance and definitely has the battery capacity as advertised. I would give it five stars, but the other reviewers are right, the cables attaching the ear buds are fragile. Mine failed after 1 bike ride about 5 months into owning the product. Customer support was great however and sent me a replacement that I will stick to using indoors. I do not recommend doing much physical activity while wearing it. I thinking hiking and walking and stuff are probably fine. Also be sure to keep the micro usb that is provided since it has a small tag with the serial number for the head buds on it.
Right bud shorted out after 3 weeks. Customer service very helpful though. Might try again, possibly a bad one. The earbud wires are just super weak. Righty one seems to have shorted out from damaged wires already. Edit: It has been over a year and I have gone through three of these, all ending in the same situation. One side ends up shorting out and breaking from mundane use. The wire is just too weak and fragile. They need to retract and be built sturdier. End of story.
Pro: Great sound. Awesome sound. Cons: 1. Horrible battery life. They claim "Leading Playtime: Listen for an astonishing 20 hours, or talk for up to 24 on a single charge. Fully recharge in just 90 minutes." Im getting less than 6 hours on a full charge.  Makes these worthless for taking on road trips or on a coast to coast flight that includes more than six hours with airport time. 2. Bluetooth has short range. And cant be reset (you have to disconnect from the source end of things). My experience with Anker has always been good. They missed the mark on this one, from a usability standpoint.
I purchased my first SoundBuds from Walmart. The sound was excellent and the battery life was rediculously good. However a short developed in the left earbud just after a month. I brought another pair from Walmart(this time I got the insurance) and this time the right earbud failed. Like others have stated here the wires connecting the buds are extremely fragile. The slightest tug or awkward movement is enough to cause a short. I love Anker products however I would suggest you skip this product.
The product is great, I wish they lasted longer but the wires short easily. And I bought the warranty and they told me I did, but when I went to use it they said "it says it declined" I just wonder to myself how It declined before I even use it
Good: Sound quality, connectivity, battery life all excellent. For the price I was very impressed with how well these worked, right up until... Bad: Fragile cord. 2 weeks of moderate/heavy use and the right earbud cable is fraying where it enters the neck band, causing the earbud to cut-out with any movement. I can fix it with tape, but the fact that these fray so easily as is seen in several reviews here is a major cause of concern. A few tugs is all it took to cause this, a major design flaw imo. Ive heard good things about the Anker warranty so Ill be taking advantage of that, but Im not optimistic that this wont happen again through normal use. Looking into a more durable option to replace this. If you look closely at the picture I took, you can see a tiny bit of silver where the cord frayed right where it enters the headset.Thats all it takes.
Wore these for work. They sound great and the call vibration is nice to have. Unfortunately they basically fell apart after almost a year. The rubbery portion on the back separated and also started pulling apart from the hard plastic. It did see some sweat and some hot Southern days so maybe they arent meant to hold up to that kind of stress. Its still a little disappointing at this price point for them to fall apart so soon.
I am an unapologetic Anker fanboy. My house is full of Anker chargers, Anker batteries, and Anker cables. So when I say that the current SoundBuds Life Headset is a big miss it is disappointing to me on a personal level. The SoundBuds Lifes (Lives?) definitely deliver on all of their bullet points: Audio quality is as good as you could ask for at this price, battery life is LOOONG (I drove from Atlanta to Orlando and back, listening the entire way, on a single charge), and theyre as comfortable as any headset Ive owned. The problem, as other reviewers have mentioned, is durability. The wires going to the earbuds are too fragile, and because they dangle* theyre at the perfect length to snag on every seat belt, shirt pocket, jacket zipper, and bag strap youre likely to encounter. Im on my second set of SoundBuds Lives in slightly less than a year. The left earbud went out on the first set, the return was simple (+1 Star for Anker Customer service sending out replacements super fast), and again the quality of the SoundBuds Lives were just fine, but now the left earbud is out on this set as well. Ive been debating having them replaced again or looking for something new. I believe in the idea of this headset, but if Anker ever brings out SoundBuds Life 2s they need to look at thicker cables (or maybe nylon braiding?) before anything like next gen bluetooth or USB-C. *I dont know why every company seems to moved in this direction LG got it right with the earliest Tone models: magnets in the neckband arms keep the wires up and out of the way.
The earbuds had a shortage in them after a week of usage
they work. Open sound which was a change from my cheap Sony wired earbuds. Sound (thumping) transmits through the cables and collar which gets fatigueing walking around at work. I have gotten use to the sound quality, but did not really care for it when I first got them. They were a bit harsh with sizzle at first. Seem to have the tuned cavity that sony uses on a lot of there ear buds ( Sony = good tight bass ) Battery lasts all day at work.
Ive seen this comment over and over, I want to add one more. I loved these headphones but theyre way too fragile. On my first pair, the sound went out on the right side so Customer Support sent me a replacement. On the replacement pair, the left side went out in 2 weeks. Its too bad because this headset is amazing. The battery lasted forever, the sound quality was great and the Bluetooth connection to my phone was great. They feel more expensive too, they dont feel cheap. In the end, Customer Support gave me a full refund. Ill be keeping an eye out for the next wave of Anker headsets thats launching soon. It was just a design flaw with this particular model.
Right side already dead,  it last only 5 weeks.
Headphones have good sound and work well. I had to have my first set replaced after about two months of constant use as a mechanic. The left earbud quit playing while the right earbud worked fine. I’m not sure if it was a manufacturer defect or something that I may have done but I sent an email to Anker and the responded quickly and assisted me with getting a replacement pair. Excellent customer service as always.
I LOVED these earbuds--clear calls, long battery life and easy BT connection.  But after 7 weeks, they have failed.  It started with garbled sounds and then the left channel went out.
After less than a month of normal use, the wire for the left rear bud became loose and sound is intermittent.
the item i received the left ear bud doesnt work !!
Loved it when it worked... defective within a months time. Left bud stopped working.
The Anker SoundBuds life wireless headphones are ok. They provide Good sound Quality for your average listener.
I just received them and I cant get them to charge ..they will not charge  contacted asurion and they said contact you. I got 2nd pair one side doesnt work there static be a short in and out I tried to turn them in on insurance and they told me to contact yo
Only a week old and the sound stopped coming out of the left earbud.  I love Anker products but I’m kind of disappointed with this product.  I loved the idea of the long battery life and I have had many anker products before so that is the reason why I purchased it.  Is there an exchange program? Or am I eligiable for a refund?  Please help.
I charged these overnight and as I type the battery is signaling that it is low.  When I first purchased them I wasnt able to use the soundbuds much because of my long work hours but when I did I loved using it.  However, a few weeks ago I noticed an audible alert, that would go off every so many minutes.  I thought it might be a low battery sound but when I would check the battery level that shows at the top of the phone it was not low.  The next issue was Id think the call dropped as I was talking on the phone I would then check the phone and could see the caller was still there but the soundbuds somehow lost the Bluetooth connection.  This would not happen much but when it did it was annoying because you have to walk to your phone, go to Bluetooth and reconnect every time.  It also began to happen more often and now my soundbuds only works for a few minutes. It didnt matter how long you charge the soundbuds they eventually stopped working.  I think these earbuds look and sound great, are comfortable, very lightweight. I like the product but maybe just got a bad one.  I hope this is not an issue and better ones are made.
Sounds good for the price, but cannot recommend. after just two days of careful use, the left earbud wire has devoloped a fault and when places in an angle other than straight cuts off entirely Update: I got a replacement! And the same issue happened again, contacted support and am discussing another replacement. Costumer service is excellent, fast replies, generous offers, nice replies. Thanks Emily!
The right ear bud stopped working after about 2 months of regular use in an office environment.  I really liked them before that.
Just i used one week and broken bad product not is waterproof
The left earpiece does not work I am asking for compensation .
One side went out on less than a week of use.
This is the second pair of these headphones I’ve purchased. Both of them were great, UNTIL one side stopped working entirely. I gave the second pair a chance (i.e. purchased another, on blind faith) assuming it was a fluke, but really they’re very delicate—I’ve been careful with these headphones and treated them well, but here we are. Not good.
Crap, CRAP, CRAP. Im a big anker user but this one takes the cake, with over 1 month and a week of use and the left side gave out. Im going back to LG tones, witch I should have gotten in the first place, at least th3y one lasted 2 years with heavy use. Smh DONT BUY!!!!
The battery life is great and the sound quality were good, but that doesnt do much good if one side goes out, then the other follows a week later.  Less than 3 months.  Closer to two... Must be shoddy soldering or something.
I liked this headset when I began using it. Unfortunately after 6 weeks the right headphone went dead. I believe the wire became looses since the sound dropped in and out for a day before it went dead. I have had previous bluetooth headsets with poor wiring but this one seems to have held up very poorly. I dont handle the headphones very roughly and havent yanked the earbuds out or caught them on anything so it seems like the wiring isnt very good. I would try a different headset.
I just discarded my second pair of this really useless headset. This latest pair was the replacement for the first pair that after a few weeks of moderate use just decided not to power up. The latest pair after the same period experienced a similar problem. This leads me to believe there is a defect in design and the power/battery option but that is just a guess. - Anker usually makes great products. I own quite a bit of their batteries, chargers, etc. I have NEVER had an issue with an Anker product before this. - Their customer service regarding the first headset was responsive and accommodating. I chose not to contact them this time. I dont want a replacement. This model is just no good unfortunately. As much as I hate to say this, I recommend that if you are searching for a bluetooth headset, especially for the gym or workouts, AVOID this at all costs. Im disappointed. Im done.
Stopped working after 2 months.
They were great for about a week. Now only one earbud works
My husband bought this for me for $50.  He said its a trusted brand. BS. July to January, which is ~5 months that the left earphone STOP working!!! I charged it and at 100% it does not work. I am very disappointed.
I bought the like new warehouse item and it was defective, the audio didnt work on one side.
These would be good for the price, however, it beeps every time you change a video on your phone. Theres no way to disable it, as far as I know. That sucks...
I loved these, until the right side earbud stopped working. I purchased these on July 2nd 2017, currently Dec 10, 2017. I’m not sure if these would still be under warranty. Anker is usually amazing with Customer Service and standing behind their products. Hopefully someone from Anker will feel inclinded to reach out to me.
EDIT: Im reducing these down to two stars. My previous 4-star review is below. As it turns out, half of the time the microphone is too quiet for other people to hear me clearly. Sometimes its fine, but other times, way too quiet. There was no way to predict when it would be good or bad. And so, I just cant use these. ----------------------------- So far Im happy with these. Battery life is exceptionally good, theyre comfortable, they connect to my phone quickly after I turn them on, the microphone is decent, and sound quality is good. Ive never lost a connection. There are a couple *minor* issues that bump this rating down to 4 stars: -The microphone, while good enough, is a little quiet. I wish I could increase the volume on them somehow. -Reading the other reviews and seeing the design, I was worried that I (or a child of mine) would tug on one of the wires and damage the connection. So I followed another reviewers advice and wrapped a bit of electrical tape to affix the wires to the neckband so that any tugging wouldnt directly affect the connection. I feel like I shouldnt have to do this. -The buzzing whenever you get a phone call or power on/off the device is loud to the point of being startling. If I were a few decades older, these might give me a heart attack. At 31 years old, though, Im not concerned. -An earpiece that doesnt simultaneously serve as a an ear plug would be nice. Sometimes I dont want to block out so much outside noise. All in all, though, the good far outweighs the bad, and I wholeheartedly recommend these. Ive tried ~10 different bluetooth headsets in the last year or so, and these are the best Ive tried so far. Also, if they do end up breaking, I have 100% trust that Ankers customer service will resolve the problem and make me satisfied.
I really wanted to like these. I like Anker brand products in general, but these headphones do not live up to their reputation. After using daily for 19 days, the right ear bud developed a short where wire meets neckband, and audio started cutting in and out repeatedly making them unusually. Too bad. I thought the sound quality wasnt bad, though a little bass heavy. I was able to tolerate the ear buds dangling around, but its somewhat annoying coming from lg tones with magnetic attachments. Oh well. Time to return for refund. Update: right ear bud died completely the next day.
Fair sound quality but the 20 hour battery life is amazing. I can talk and listen to music all day. 3 Star update. Had these for about 2 weeks and the right ear shorted out. I love the battery life but this right side not working is bothersome. I would buy another pair but don’t have the money to buy another one at the moment
Im sorry I tried to help have less waste in this world and use a second hand item. This review is not really for the product itself but more for the incompetence of the individual that "inspected" before sending it back out. Yes the box is beat up...I can deal with that. All the parts besides the travel pouch are there. But so is the ear wax and debris of the person who last wore them. You only knocked off 8 bucks. Ill pay the eight dollars to have a sanitary product.
When they work, theyre great.  This is exactly what you need for long periods of time in airport lounges, transfers, etc. when youre not using noise canceling units.  However, Ive had to return these units twice, as the right earbud has failed with both units for seemingly inexplicable reasons. The carrying case is like a sunglass microfiber bag, which isnt ideal, but it seemed to work.  However, the right earbud (Im right handed, but I still cant figure out how anything I did had an impact on the failure) fails out of nowhere.  First pair: Had the necklace and buds in on the way to Dallas, worked fine (after a few weeks of use in the home office.)  Took them off (not violently) when I got to hotel to hit the lounge.  Came back 15 minutes later, the right bud would only work if I contorted the cable to put stress on it in exactly the right way.  What goblin played with them while I was gone?  Second pair: listening to them while on the bus to BRU.  Took them off at check in and put them in the case for the 8-10 minute trip through security.  Put them back on after security.  Right earbud dead, unless I contorted the cable, with less success than with the first pair. Anker replaced both pairs with no fight at all, which is why I look for Anker first.  The second pair they are replacing with a newer version, which I have yet to be able to pick up as Im still traveling.  Ill update the review after a month or so with the new ones, but Anker customer service has once again proved themselves as valuable as the great products they normally sell.  Theyre the reason I am willing to take "risks" and they bend over backwards to make sure Im a repeat customer.  I love Anker, this implementation just didnt hit the mark.
I didnt purchase from Amazon.  I purchased it for my husband who says it works as advertised and does everything it claims - he tested it with podcasts and phone calls; worked fine.  The problem is that the ear molds were too big for his ear canals and caused pain over time.  Considering he got them for a long road trip, they will have to be returned. This is the first time hes experienced this problem so go figure...and yes, he carefully examined the molds and picked the smallest of the four sets.
UPDATE to the UPDATE to UPDATE: Cord out the sides is the only major issue and makes it a dont buy as they will only last a couple uses... So as stated tried to use these on my motorcycle because they fit the comply headphones perfectly and sound great and loved the light but weighted headband staying steady in the wind... These are not for anything that touches the sides of the headphones band...  The cord always dies on 1 side????  handnt used them in  a while got on the motorcycle on a chilly day with a jacket on placed them under the collar and boom 5 minutes in the right side goes out and I only have audio out the left side for an hour and a half....  and had to ride back home the same...  If I tried moving them to weird positions sometimes it worked other times it didnt...  Let them go to be safe on the road and of coarse didnt work... There is a major design flaw here.  If the cord coming out the sides and not the top of the band causing it to fail if make any contact with the cord for any amount of time like a jacket or etc... Love Anker products ( I have numerous speakers and headphones in my household and family from them) and their support is the best but Im stuck again with a dead bad headset that I love the look, build quality (besides the cords...) love the cord length, but the cord design coming out the sides is horrible and too thin.  Maybe the cord needs to be breaded so its more durable and will last???  I dont know but cant recommend this product until ver 2 comes out looking the same with far far better cord design placement and thickness. Stuck again with a dead headset... UPDATE to UPDATE: great customer service, had issues with the headset let customer service know and they fixed the issue asap.  Sent me a new headset with no delay. Thanks Anker thats why I buy your products because you dont talk you show you care about your customers and theyre happiness and sending quality products that work. Anker did right by me and sent a replacement unit as the warranty stated with no headache.  Love Anker great service and excited to open and setup my new headset to use on the motorcycle on the way to work tomorrow. Thanks Anker UPDATE: DEAD AT 5 MONTHS....  Used these on the motorcycle with the comply 500 foam premium earphone tips loved them.  Quiet tips dont fall off weighted so they dont flip up as much as the ligher headphones while you ride.  Cords are close to your ear so when you put them on the wire hangs almost straight down keeping the headphones in place. But.....  thats all for nothing if they wont last even 6 months...  On the fense to buy another pair but at the moment dont think i will.  Riding with the sound coming out of only the left ear on an hour long ride then having to ride back an extra 30 minutes in traffic kinda sucks. So 5 stars to a 3 or 2 stars.... ORIGINAL REVIEW: I have a lot of various styles and size neck headphones.  My plan is to use these on my motorcycle.  Ive found you need a firm band the flimsy band headphones cant stay in place over 100mph.  So far these sound really good and are comfortable.  I like the bass and the placement of the ear lines.  On the Motorolla Surrounds I love them but the line starts in the back of the neck and ends up not being long enough when you turn your head. I have the Motorolla Surround black and blue headphones the comply 500 foam premium earphone tips kept coming off?  When I would take the helmet off the ear foam piece would stay in my ear and wouldnt get a good fit on the head phones. These appear to fit the comply 500 going to take these out on the bike soon and test.  Will report back after. Improvement request...  Make the device connect to 2 devices.  I have a work and personal phone the Moto surround can connect to 2 devices at once this can only connect to 1 device.  Easy to switch just hold the volume up and down and the same time and it enters pairing mode just would be nice if it could connect to both at once...
