Can’t go wrong for the money. Sound quality is good. And it’s comfortable.
The best gaming heads ever. I play all my Xbox games with these. The best!
Son uses this everyday for online gaming and has no complaints
The cushion go over the ear making very consfortable and sound good
Pros: Really comfortable for extended play sessions, good enough micCons: not very ventilated, if you get too hot your ears might get a little sweaty
This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He was so happy with it.
This headset is very comfortable and very aesthetically pleasing. The sound quality is decent but lacks some bass in some games including explosions and gun fire. Overall good enough for some casual gaming. The mic quality is decent but sometimes cuts in and out, this was enough for me to upgrade to the 7.2 model.
Very good headset for gaming. Comfortable, sounds great and the retractable mic is good for those of us with kids.
Great headset for gaming. Great value! Great for PC and PS4!
Was a gift for my nephew and he is satisfied and happy.
Immersive sound quality. Very comfortable for extended wear. Excellent for gaming!
Daughter loves them. They block out noise well and she likes the retractable mic.
Used this set a handful of times and the sound is amazing and people can hear you clearly. Best investment.
Ive been partial to another brand of gaming headsets for the last 8 years because the the wireless features. It seems the build quality has dropped since my first high end headset for that particular brand. The Razor - Kraken Pro has top of the line build quality, excellent sound for gaming, the green color is really cool. All the features help me over look the need of the direct line connection to the game controller. Over all Im am very pleased with my Beat Buy purchase.
It’s a great headset piece it has great volume and able to control it very well the mic works well as well.
I have tried other high end headphones and these work better for the PC
I can always count on Best Buy to find what I want
Both sons have this headset and have had no complaints.
This headset is amazing. The Kraken is know for its classic, yet modern look and its bass. The microphone sounds excellent and performs good. The one that are got are the oval earcups which are wider and taller than Razers circle earcups. It covers up my ears like an over ear headphones similar to beats. Honestly, I think this is perfect for me for my usual gaming.
I enjoyed the quality. however preferred 7.1 surround sound.
This is the fifth headset I’ve owned and by far the best.
This headset is perfect for the price, I recommend to everyone
Really good product. Music sounds great..I would highly recommend.
Bought the headset for my son and he absolutely loves it.
Solid headset. I like that is completely covers my ears.
I have buy this headset and use it for a month, i was amazed of it comfortable ear cushion and it sound. But its size kinda too large, but i definitely recommend this to other people who are out there trying to find the best gaming headset.
Good sound. Works great with xbox one. Would buy again.
Works with Xbox one and ps4. Good mix and comfy headset
Great gaming headset for the money. No issues after a month
My dad got me these and I cant keep them out of my head. The best set for playing. Highly recommended.
The headphones are very soft and do not bother you after hours of play
Very comfortable to wear. Bought as a replacement. Now all my kids want one to replace theirs.
Very good price, no problems with item so far so good!
Great gaming headset. My boys love it. Theyve tried other brand of gaming headset but this one theyre very happy with.
I purchased these to replace a set of TB XO Sevens that had begun to crack. Although the XO Sevens have a slightly more premium sound and higher level of bass, not to mention customizability, these offer great sound for the price and are extremely comfortable. They also do a great job of canceling noise.
Bought to replace the old ones. Didnt read the reviews. But likely will enjoy them much longer then the other brand.
I bought one for my son for Christmas and he loves it . I bought this one for his friend for a birthday present and he loves it.
These headphones have great sound quality for the price.
I needed a headset with a mic to talk with my friend through appear.in, but I also use it for phone calls with Google Hangouts, listening to music on Spotify, and gaming.This headset is subtle (for a Razer product, this is a big deal) and the mic is retractable. Also, the headset is comfortable. A great buy if youre more than a gamer
I purchased this headset for my boys after they complained about the factory headset. Since the purchase, they have loved the improvement with sound and ability to communicate online with their friends. I used it for a phone call and was impressed as well.
I bought these because I wanted some analog headphones instead of wireless and these are perfect! The in line volume knob works great and the sound is excellent. The green color is perfect!
Great gaming accessory for both competitive and casual at an even better price
Great set of gaming headphones that have great quality and a good mic
bought for my 15yr old, after extensive research by him, for gaming and entertainment,
This headset is versatile because it fits the XBox, my cell and my computer. I have been though almost all of the headsets that Best Buy has to offer and this one has lasted me the longest because of its versatility. It is so comfortable that I walk around the house with it on, pretending to talk to my friends, when I am not really, I just look really cool, plus I can wear my pajamas and talk to my friends without having to hold the headset or my phone.
Two sons have this brand and love them. Good sound and mic.
Good sound quality and perfect for role playing games.
This headset so sturdy and perfect for someone like me who is constantly breaking plasticheadsets
Great surround sound. Not as expensive as a lot out there, but does a great job.
Very good gaming headset if you want to play games
A great product for gaming & for parents sanity! Win-Win
I bought these as a replacement for my husbands current Razer headphones. He absolutely loves them! They block out all of the external noise and are perfect for gaming.
OMG!!Just perfect for my video game headset.Very comfortable and able to hear very clearly
My son purchased these and is just starting out in the online gaming world. Great sound quality and comfortable!
If you like to game, you’ll love this headset. Can’t beat the price for the quality.
I purchased the headset for playing WOW and so far it has turned out to be a good headset only time will tell if it holds out.
Very satisfied with this product I am able to use it for both my computer and Xbox
Excellent Headphones. However, this set does not have Noise Cancelling, so others hear what you are listening to.
I have had the headset for a few months and i love everything about it. The sound quality is great i can hear everything is clear and crisp and the bass is really good. I also like build quality, It is constructed with aluminum and is very durable unlike most plastic headsets. The headset it also very comfortable.
Great color - youll never lose them - perfect for gaming.
Great sound, has really good noise canceling capabilities. Also really good sound for gaming of any kind. While playing ARK I feel like Im right in the middle of it all.
My son uses these for his ps4 and they work great!
My son wanted a new set gaming headset and I read this as a good one for the price.
My son wanted some gaming headphones, so we were looking for a halfway decent pair for not too much money. These werent bad for the price. Lets see how well theyre made vs. a 14 yr old.
These are great headphones for that elite gamer. Clear reception and voice control. Noise canceling
Nice headphones and they sound great. Works well with PS4!!
The comfort and sound became the immediate qualities that were apparent to me. I game on PC and Console so the adaptability between the two was just what I needed in this headphone product. The stretch and cushion made gaming for hour on end a breeze with no sore ears or discomfort. Half the time I dont know theyre there, so lightweight and easy to adjust and wear.Over all an unbelievable product and great price for the quality and features that it comes with. Will be buying more Razer products in the future.
Great functioning pair of headphones for music or gaming at a price that wont break the bank.
For under $100 this headset is great. Super comfortable, great sound, great mic output. The only struggle I ran into was trying to use the product with my laptop that doesn’t have a mic jack. Bought an adapter to override that though!
Brought this for a gift for my nephew, he loves it.
Bought these for my son. He loves them so much he wears them all over the house. They are extremely comfortable and have a really nice sound.
Great headset. Use with Xbox one. Direct plug and play with new controller. Volume control and mic on and off built in.
Nice, comfortable headset for PS4 multiplayer gaming. Comfortable, and good sound quality.
Ive always loved Razer products, and i was happy to add this to my collection. Great clear sound and clear microphone, and I love the fact I can unplug it from the audio/mic extension and use it on my PS4. Would definitely recommend picking this up.
Very good Headphones for games. Can hear the music perfect or the game sound, or others if you use any voice programs to talk with your teammates.
I bought this headset specifically to use with my XBOX One. It works great, the Best Buy rep. wasnt sure if I needed the stereo adapter(which I had from my old Turtle Beach ones). These are large and fit over my ears nicely. Great sound and have an in line volume and mute button. Highly recommend for the price.
By far the BEST! Clear audio that doesn’t pick up any background noise. And my brother tried to steal them because of how perfect they fit your head
These are good. The quality is nice. The sound is clear and crisp. But the Bass is lacking.Like my earbuds have better Bass. The mic is pretty good from what Ive heard. No complaints so fa about that. Also the over all volume could be more.
Purchased these as a replacement for another brand that broke after a little over a year. My kid uses these on his tablet to listen to videos and games, also used them on both the computer and PS4 to talk to fellow gamers. He liked these so much, we purchased another set for his brother.
Great sounding!!!! The Best head phones!! Great price!!!
These are the best gaming headsets. My son loves them please dont get rid of them.
Got this as a present and am in love with it! Can hear everything very clearly and the sound is incredible.
My son had a different head set and didnt like it . Loves the new one better !!!
I bought these headphones a couple of weeks ago and Ive been using them a lot. I only have two words to describe the sound quality from these phones and this is "Simply Awesome". The bass and treble are right on the mark with my movies and all my games and I do have a lot of games on my PC. If your looking for a nice set of gaming headphones then look no further. The Kraken Pro V2 made by Razor is an excellent choice.
Good for overwatch comms, and listening to music..
These are great gaming headphones and sound is great and the response is fast
Everyone claims to be the best but the Kraken proves it!
My fourth headset and this is by far the best pair
I absolutely love these headphones. Comfortable and durable. I bought the green version, absolutely gorgeous headset!
I bought these for my son and he absolutely loves them.
My son just had to have them! He is very happy with them and everything he expected.
I love this headset. They’re very comfortable and sound great. I love how they are universal as well.
I mainly use these for gaming on my PS4 but i tried them on my phone out of the blue and was floored how well they sound . great price and very durable.
Sound is good,loud and clear! A little heavier than others Ive tried. Great value!!
If you’re not looking to drop over $100 on a gaming headset, this is not a bad deal. The overall sound quality is above average. I will say that the quality varies from game to game and the sound mixing for chat and game audio is a bit hard to manage properly. Other than that, no complaints.
They sound good and are comfortable for the price Im happy with them.
Overall, I am impressed with this headset. Straight out of the box, the sound is mediocre. The bass is incredibly heavy which some might like, but since I have been playing mostly Fortnite, it can be a bit much at times. Randomly, I was sent a Razer Pro code and was able to turn down the bass and they sound much better now. I managed to get these headphones nearly half off and I would say that they are well worth the money. They are very comfortable even after wearing for 5+ hours straight. I would say, bottom line, if you plan on getting these, plan on getting the Razer Pro Surround Sound.
I picked these up for use with an Xbox One when I travel. While you shouldnt expect these to compete with the likes of A50s, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of sound. My one complaint is that the microphone is insanely sensitive. It seems to pick up every sound anywhere in my house.
Quality is good. Second pair due to breaking headphone mic. Sound is good mic quality good.
Great @ blocking out all other noises. Very comfortable.
Cheap and was on sale, top 5 headset at a great price point
I like them really good sound its really easy to use
very good sounding headset , comfy , mic is very good also
The sounds is really nice and they feel good but they just look REALLY bulky
The sound quality is ok/good but the headset is small for those with big heads
Great quality for the price. Works fine for games like r6 Seige
Sounds good mic Is great no big issues excrept that The ear cups are leather and causes sweating after a long day of playing games
This headset is ideal for gaming. Great sound. Really enhances game play.
This is a good headphone for $79.99. I like it a lot.
The headset sits rather big on the head but the sound and comfort make up for it. My friends say the mic sounds great, no complaints there.
I love this headset, its directional audio is fantastic for games like R6S and others and the mic folds away real nice like.
Decent quality budget headset, have not had any issues with so far
Sits comfortably on head, has a pull out mic, not many options to customize sound on mic and game play on device.
This headset is quite good. I use it for gaming, and also for video conferencing. I love the retractable microphone.
The audio was awesome on here. I just got so used to wireless that I needed to return it and go back to wireless.
I bought these headphones for comfort above all else. The padding on the top is bare minimum. Havent noticed any discomfort yet but I could see over time it becoming an issue. Also Theyre loud enough but I wish they could max out more. Otherwise everything else is great about them.
This is an amazing headset, it has great sound and mic. But the only problem is the very large size of the headset.
Been a huge fan of Razer for ever and yet again another outstanding product. Very crisp sound, nerdy cumfortable for those long Sessions. Overall Outstanding!
This headset is a good one. I wish it had 7.1 instead of 5.1 but thats what you get for $60
The headphones are good for the price also has good sound of other players.
Ive been using the kraken pro for over 4 years now. Theyre great for an avid gamer. This model doesnt fold together. I believe it will increase the lifetime of the headset due to the wires not being folded all the time.
Was recommended to me and I’m happy with it. The sound quality could be better but the comfort is great. I’ll say it’s more of a starter headset than long term. Price could be lower also.
Good sound quality, nice bass. Only problem was I couldnt get it loud enough for my liking
This headset is great. Fits perfectly, has great sound quality, and great bass. Maybe a bit over priced but still a great headset.
I But these as a present the person says they were really great.
Good product well made no complaints still working
This is my first Razer headset. Its comfy and has decent sound. Had I known I would like them this much I would have gotten the next model up. I love the retractable boom mic.
So far been a great quality headset thats delivered for the price paid. However I do wish there was a little more functionality or features to it but otherwise good sound.
This was a good headset. Glad I got it for the home.
We bought our tweens each a pair for Christmas, as they usually play their PS4s online with friends. The value of this headset is amazing, as we had previously purchased more expensive ones that only lasted 2 months before they were crackling. Great sound quality; works with any device!
Comfortable to the point I can wear it for long periods of time. Doesn’t make my ears sweat. Clear sound. Downside is it’s wired and won’t survive many drops
Got these for my son to use on his xbox/computer. He seems to like them.
Nice bass and overall sound quality, not loud enough for my needs
good sound on Fortnite. the wire is tuff so shouldnt rip to easy. only reason i didnt give it 5 stars was they feel a lil tight around the ears after an hour of use.
Works great on PC and windows 10 , no delays or boom sounds on the microphone.they perform pretty much as $200+ price headphones. 4 stars because the wire gave up after 1.5 yes but geek squad warranty replacement worked great!
This is my first gaming headset in a very long time. I like it! Sounds good. Came well-recommended. Comfortable. My ears get warm quicker than I would like, but it’s not uncomfortable.
However did return the item.  Not razors fault however.  I bought this for an friend and he turned around and bought an $250 headset instead.  Did open the box and the headset seemed to be built of high quality for the price.  I am thinking of buying this headset or an hyperx headset for myself in the future.
Retractable mic is a nice touch.My son uses these with his phone in the car.
These headphones have great sound quality, I can hear all footsteps in any direction
The sound quality isnt the best, but if you want to wear it for YouTube or calls. It is good.
Crystal clear Clarity!! Great for computers and gaming!
The headphones are nice and big that go around your ears with soft cushions
Perfect fit and very nIce sound. Bass is acceptable.
These headphones are fantastic for gaming and decent for mobile video and music consumption. 5 stars for Gaming, 4 for mobile audio. The mixing is just off for phone use but, amazing for gaming on Xbox One.
I got these on a good sale and really enjoy them.They sound pretty good and are very comfortable.
I really like it for the price, my only concern is my ears float in it; i guess its for people that have larger ears as well
The sound is good and it’s comfortable mic is good
Good comfortable head set. People in my party say you can hear my game sound at high volume picked up from the mic. I enjoy it a lot and do recommend this product
Looks nice a sleek. Sound quality is nice. Mic sounds good also.
Comfortable and affordable. Can hear crisp sound I really love this headphones.
I love this headset. Its comfortable and sounds great. The only reason I dont give it 5 stars is it stopped working after a month. So I recommend taking a chance on it but purchase the protection plan.
Had to go through many steps to get mic to work right
I bought this item for my son and liked it so much that I used it my self
great headphones but if you wear glasses they start hurting after about an hour. no way to adjust how the pressure the pads put on your head. inline controls are better than the replacement i bought (Razer - Kraken Tournament Edition). see my review on those
Bought these the other day, setup is as simple as can be. Plug in a single connector on my laptop and ps4 and for my desktop it comes with a speaker and mic splitter. No software, no dongle, etc. Very comfortable so far and the sound is really good.
i havent had any problem with this headset. great price
The sound on these were great, was able to hear everything really well. Only issue was bass will sometimes overpower the other sounds
I got this headset for my nephew as a Christmas present. He really like it. Had a chance to try it on his ps4 and sound was pretty good as well as the mic. For the price i think its worth it.
Good mic, comfortable, my only complaint I wish I was able to adjust my output volume on the mic.
The 16 y/o loves the quality and sound of them. He wants another set. A little large, and the cord is a little too long. Otherwise very satisfied
So far im pretty happy with these. They have excellent sound quality, and the way the microphone retracts and adjusts is pretty handy. Makes it very easy to get the mic out of your line of sight. Theyre pretty comfortable for most gaming sessions. After very long (2+ hours) sessions Ive started noticing a little bit of ear discomfort from being mashed between the headphones and my head. I think slightly thicker padding around the ears would help this, though I havent experimented with it yet. All in all Im pretty happy with these. They interface extremely well with the Razer Blackwidow Ultimate 2016 edition, which has a perfectly-placed headset port on the side.
These are by no means audiophile grade cans. However they are awesome for the price if you just want an over ear headset for gaming. They are closed backed and have a smallish soundstage but plenty of bass and a decent mic. They trap a little heat and not for the marathon gamer, but great for casual gaming or for just trying to keep the room quiet at night.
These were my sons first pair. They worked great but then the jack broke. Glad we bought the protection plan
Razer is known for good quality items, this would fall under the great price for quality category, especially if you dont plan on spending hundreds for a gaming headset. Mic quality is better than most of the cheaper ones. Good purchase, take care of it and its a great investment.
Like they worked and were very comfortable It just didn’t have the sound quality I was looking for
My son loves the new headphones and for me it didn’t break the bank. Highly recommended
Super comfortable head phones for gaming great sound quality
Great product telling all my friends to get one soon.
Headphones worked for what they were intended for, the plush on the headsets is a bit more comfortable than most Ive purchased before, Id definitely consider buying another pair if needed.
Works with ps4 retractable mic plugs into remote no charging itworks well
Overall this gamer head set is a good value for the price.
These headphones have great sound, slightly more sensitive mic— but it retracts back into headset and never have with my mic, they are fully adjustable to accommodate small to large heads. You can hear people around you when you wear them. Great quality and price. I am very happy with them!
The headset is very comfortable to wear for hours without getting a headache. Sound is clear. Great buy.
I would have given 5stars if these were available wireless.
Fit and finish are superb. Well priced for incredible sounds
Son said this was great and would recommend to his friends
Wow What a Difference, I was using the out of the BOX headphones that the PS4 came with, now with Razer - Kraken Pro V2 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset world of Difference
The only complaint my 10 year Granddaughter had was that the headset was a little bit big
They sound great for wired headphones . Very comfortable and hey just plug into your controller .
I needed a new headset, found these at best buy and on sale. Best pair Ive owned even better then expensive ones.
I love how comfortable this headset is. My only downside is that it was not USB. I had to move some equipment around to accommodate for the plugs.
Comfortable, great sound, great Microphone - Use these for my Xbox One and Playstation 4 and they work perfect. Easy hookup no adapters needed, simple controls; Volume UP/DN, Mic ON/OFF.For the price they are totally worth it.
Turned out to be a great purchase at the right time. He loves them and says they sound better and are louder than the comparable Turtle Beach headphones which he was using previously until one of the ear speakers started to go as well as the mic. Not sure I’d pay full price but I’m guessing my son would.
I’m pleasantly surprised with these. Not as loud as PS Gold headphones but overall sounds quality is there and is worth the price. Would definitely recommend.
I bought this to replace some a40 that hurt after 30 of play. This are super comfortable. The audio is decent and no complaints from party members when in a party chat. Got it on sale for 54.99
Bought both of my grandsons these earphones they both love them theyve had them for almost a year now with no problems
These headphones are great when I game with my friends, Razr is the best
The Razer Kraken V2 are good quality audio jack headsets for PC gamers starting off. They are very basic but have good quality sound and microphone.Nothing is too special about the headset, but I do recommend looking for any audio driver updates prior to usage. I had trouble with my OEM audio driver conflicting with this headset via audio jack. It does include a audio splitter for older computers with both a headphone and microphone jack instead of the newer combo.
Great Headset works really good with my PS4 so far no problems.
Bought for my son! He said it works good especially for entry level gamers just could use a little better connection
A good headset for the price. My son says it works well with his games and youtube.
This headset is really sturdy as it seems! the sound quality is really good! the microphone would have been a little better if the sound would pass through! communicating with my friends during game is okay the struggle hearing me. but overall i like it.
Very good gaming headphones.Not recommended for listening to music.
Seems well made. Sound is decent. Retractable mic is nice touch.
I primarily use these for my PS4. The great things about this are the fact that its super comfortable to wear and doesnt require a USB connection. The only things I would knock are the fact that they arent 5.1 and they arent very comfortable to wear while laying at an angle in bed. Otherwise theyre great!
This is amazing, the sound is clear and loud. And you can control the volume from the cord. Is excellent.
My son wanted a headset to play video games with his friends. This headset is perfect!
Title says it all. Comfortable as well. Would buy again.
The ear cups are very plush and comfortable for continuous hours of gameplay or chatting. It has decent sound, but mids can be a little muffled and highs a little tinny at higher volumes. Its obviously not a highend audiophile headphone, but theres a lot of value for the price. I prefer these over the Logitech G633, but about the same as my old Corsair H2100. The mic pickup is good, but on a few occasions it had picked up the music I was listening to while I was on Discord.
I have a Gold wireless headset for my PS4 and wanted a wired headset that I could use on my Xbox One and PS4. I thought I was getting the model up at this price since the product was in the wrong place, but Im quite happy with the purchase anyway.I ended up removing the extender part of the cable, which not only made it a much more palpable length, it allowed the mic to work properly on the Xbox. I really like the retractable mic option, and it works well. My friends who are used to me on my Gold headset have all commented on how clear I sound now.If I have one complaint, its that its too easy to turn down the volume via the wheel control on the cord. A few times Ive thought the set was malfunctioning, only to realize Id turned down the volume accidentally.
My 14-year-old son wanted these for Christmas. He loves them and his 19-year-old brother frequently uses them, too. All in all, they were a great purchase!
I use this for my XBOX One, my PS4 and my PC, and it works flawlessly for each.Sound is clear, the bass is adequate and not overbearing, and the treble is appropriately matched. My only complaint is that it could be a little louder, being that the earcups doesn’t block out much sound.
This is a great quality headset. My son uses everyday.
Awesome overall headset for the price. Sound quality is top notch and they feel great. Definitely recommend.
Easy to wear. Comfortable with good sound. Glad I purchased this one.
My son loves these so much he has headphone hair, they fit snug but comfortably leaving his hair in the shape of the ear pads, only until he washes it or wets it down. Very realistic and clear sound.
Great headset at a great price I have no issues at all
Purchased these as a gift for my son and he absolutely loves them. Comfortable to wear and sound quality is great.
bought for gaming,,,works perfectly, would buy again
These are great. Wonderful sound quality and you can use them for x box or computer gaming. Great value for the money
Super comfy and good bass - highs and lows are nicely balanced in this headset. Plenty of cable. Overall good unit.
This pick has been one of our best selections for gaming!
it worked as expected for my game. loving it ......
Competes with any headset around and half the price
These gaming headphone are so clear that it feels like your in the actual game
My college age son uses them daily to play on the PS4.
It was great headset I used it with Xbox one. Too bad they dont make these anymore.
This headset is very lightweight, but high quality
It works great! The house is so much quieter now! Everyone is happy.
We Skype a lot. Great sound and great mic. The separate mute switch is well appreciated
These are just like the ones gamers us at Gaming events! Retractable microphone is really cool & easy to use right at your finger tips, just pull it out when you need it or keep it stored away when you dont. It never gets in your way. High quality, excellent price! My daughter loves them!
Teenager loves this. Comfortable and very clear. Great purchase
he loves his new headset he is a gamer and loves the ease of use and the sound is great he claims
Great sound. Blocks outside noise well. Comfortable to wear.
Very durable. My son enjoys these. Great product..
Read reviews and tested several different headsets. This was the best cross platform headset I could find. Great sound quality and the mic is clear and in a good location. I use it on my pc, xbox, and my laptop.
Great headset for ps4 especially for new beginners
My son loves these headphone. He uses them for his switch and they workngrrat. Very comfy too
Purchased these for my daughter so we dont have to listen to all her games. She loves them and says they are very comfortable. These were a good value based on price and features.
The audio quality on these headphones are great and so is the mic clarity. The fit is just right, snug.
Nice headphone with good sound. Fits nice and comfortable.
BOUGHT THESE FOR MY GIRLFRIEND , AND SHE ABSOLUTELY LOVED THEM !!!
Super good sound quality! Highly recommend to gamers
It’s a well good overall headset if you’re startonh off or want a good headset that will last you awhile.
My husband loves these head phone it blocks out sound and so comfortable
This headset works well for our child who likes to play on Xbox and PC. Sturdy enough to stand up to an eleven year old.
Pleasantly surprised by these headphones. Build quality is really good for this price range. More importantly, the sound quality is excellent for this price point. Very comfortable although they feel a little heavy at times. Not enough to stop long gaming sessions though. Strongly recommend these.
Easy to set up and great audio. The retractable microphone works great!!
Great sound. Live that the mouth piece tucks away so its not there when you dont need it. Feels a little heavy. Wish it wasnt too bulky but we are happy with it. Great price too during the holidays!
Got these as a gift for my fiance. He seems happy with the quality and fit. He hasnt used them for gaming yet, but has used them for youtube videos and has no complaints.
These were a gift for my son and he loves them! Sound quality is great!
He lives in these things. I take it that they’re great
Great addition to your Razer gear. Works on computer and multiple gaming consoles.
Razer - Kraken Pro V2 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for PC, Mac, Xbox One, PS4, Mobile Devices - Black is a great gaming headset, I use the headset for computer gaming, very clear
These were some of the best gaming headphones I have purchased for my kids, I got a pair for myself!
Purchased for my grandson. Thinks there awesome! He uses them with games against his friends
Great price and value. Got these for my 14 year old nephew for Christmas & it was a big hit!
This pair of headphones is very comfortable and has wonderful sound quality for the price. My friend bought the slightly more expensive Steel Series Arctis 7 headset and while I can’t compare the audio, the microphone on the Kraken Pro V2 has much better quality.
It’s a great product and would recommend to anyone that needs one
It has good sound quality and really good microphone
Bought this headset a few years back for myself and just bought another for my brother. He loves it!
My son loves the fact that the microphone is retractable
This is one of the best wired headsets you can get and its a great price.
I purchased this for my son who loves playing his XBox. Works perfect for his gaming needs.
The sound and clarity on this product is great. Great for gaming teens that are also streaming since the sound quality is so good.
These are exactly as described. Bought these for my son and he loves them (so do I). They are extremely comfortable, the sound is great and they really block out sound, both with and without the noise cancellation on. I highly recommend them.
Razer headsets are the most comfortable I have ever purchased. I have these and the Man O War 7.1, even after hours of gaming they dont become unconfortable.
I bought these for my gamer grandson and he says they are great
Youngest son wanted this model, but in a different color that was much more expensive... “elsewhere”.Suffice it to say, pinching pennies around Xmas, this went on sale.He wears it all the time, and loves it.I doubt he ever LOOKS at it, and wishes it was red or white LOL!Get it.Now.
light and good sound. I bought it for my son to use it with his PS4 and he liked it.
Love them, good head piece. Have lots of fun playing games using them
My son got these for Christmas and so far he loves them ! Good sound quality. He had a tiny hiccup with set up and could only get the mic to work not the ear sound but after my husband messed with it for less than 5 minutes they were all good to go.
I purchased this for my son and he loves it. The headset worked great
This is the perfect headset if youre looking for easy set up and great sound.
These headphones were perfect for gifting to a gamer in the family.
My son has used this for over a year now and they work great and he loves them.
These headphones are PERFECT and great quality!!!!
I purchase this for a teenager. Has great audio and mic
Comfortable, loud and microphone works great... 5 out of 5!!!
Is it 7,1 because on the site of razer it says this product is 7.1 .
My son got these when his Turtle Beach broke. He definitely likes these better. Better sound and more comfortable.
This item was gifted to me by my girlfriend and was purchased at a deal around $50. Knowing Razor as one of the top tier companies for gaming products I expected a lot and these headphones dont disappoint. Its compatible with both my ps4 pro and my laptop and produces clear audio and both from the game and from the headphones mic. The audio received is very responsive to whatever customization you have on your devices such as higher bass, tremble, etc. The wire on the headphones are made of durable nylon material, and contain an in-line mic that allows you to adjust the volume and turn on/off the mic without having to go to the sound settings of the device, which is very useful for uninterrupted play. The adjustable strap also provides flexibility in adapting from small head shapes to larger ones like mines. A few nit picky problems I have with these headphones are that they do not feel as comfortable after long hours of use. Although I understand its unfair to compare the two, the comfort provided by these headphones is noticeably different from my Bose Quietcomfort 35s, but at a $220 difference I mean it should be right? In addition, the mic tends to be a little too sensitive sometimes, which can be adjusted by your devices. Lastly, the nylon wire does seem to have higher durability, but at the cost of adding friction and catching onto cloth-like surfaces from time to time.Overall, I am very happy with this product and will be using it for the years of gaming to come. If you want high quality gaming headphones that are compatible with multiple devices, produce clear audio and voice, and dont want to break the wallet, Id say go for these.
My first impression of this headset are the same as they are now, fantastic. Great quality, very comfy. The surround on them sounds amazing, and is very easily tuned with the razer surround software. The retractable mic is also a great feature, so it’s not in the way while not in use. Do recommend.
The Salesperson helped us with this purchase. He has the same headphones at home. We needed headphones that were extremely comfortable for my son with sensory issues. These worked! Thank you!
Excellent sound. I use RealTech software, works well with these. Very comfortable for those long Gaming sessions. A little higher priced than I wanted to pay, but I got what I paid for.
Hands down the best headset Ive ever owned. Amazing sound quality but the seller for me is how comfortable they are! As someone who wears glasses its always been difficult to find a headset that doesnt cause my glasses to dig into my head. These are them! I cam marathon game with no issues! My only complaint is the in-line volume and mic controls arent labeled so you cant tell if your mic is muted or not by looking at it.
Holy loud and great sound after a few days of playing. Good buy
Bought these a few months ago and cant say anything bad about them. They look like theyll last forever. They dont feel cheap. For the price you cant go wrong. Check them out!
My son had one before and it is broke. So I am getting one again for Christmas. He loves it.
Got these headphones after my brother broke my other ones. Really enjoyed the sound quality on them
Omg the sound quality is awesome. Best headset ever
Got my nephews each a set of these Razer headphones and now I am the cool uncle Solomon. They mostly just play games like Fortnite and Minecraft, but they are loving them. The headset feels substantial when holding them and sound terrific.
Pros:- comes with a splitter for mic and audio for pc use- register your product for free Razer Surround sound software to convert the headset to simulated 7.1 surround sound- quick and easy plug in for pc and console use- high clarity and deep bassCons:- cable can be a little too long depending on distance from media device- puts a little too much pressure on the side of my head
Really good set of budget headphones. Decent bass but still audible highs.
My son is so happy with this purchase . Thank you lots
My son loves all the Razer products, sometimes Corsair for keyboards but headphones he loves Razer he says these are great, and when you buy Best Buys 2-year protection plan to go along with it, every time Ive had an issue with them Best Buy just gives me a new pair and another two-year warranty usually for less than a few dollars to add that to your warranty definitely worth it to add that to anything you can only buy at Best Buy, that way you dont have to deal with the manufacture yourself ever Best Buy always handles it for you
Best headset ever bought. Sound quality is amazing
Comfortable headset with braided cabled and pull out mic
My son received as a present. This is a terrific headset for the money.
Doesnt have a USB or drivers that I noticed.Doesnt cancel noise
It fits perfectly on my head, the sound quality is awesome.
Little pricy but this headset has great sound and quality and you can never go wrong with razor designs
We went through so many head sets before this one and none of them compare to the these
I think the quality of the headphones are great! Also the build quality is a nice metal finish and they fit comfortably on your head.
Son uses it to play Fortnite on Xbox One and he lives it
My son has gone through several sets of headphones by far these sound the best
Works great. Sounds great. Really long cord. Cancels out room noise. Gets pretty loud.
My son bought it as a replacement of a Plantronics headset. Very good sound quality and comfty.
great pair of headset this a good pair by razer no complains
Nice headset for gaming, powerful drivers for good bass.
Very nice sound and very comfortable. Got these to replace an older pair of Razer. My kiddo is a gamer and very tuff on headphones. Razer last the longest with replacement warrantee with Best Buy. I get two years.
Thought these were the ones pewdipie used but they weren’t, still a good headset and super comfy, 10/10
Great item would recommend this item to others!!!!
My grandson picked it out when in the store, doesn’t know I purchased it. Will be a Christmas gift. He definitely wanted it so I am sure he will like it.
Although I use them primarily for gaming, they are great for general music enjoyment too. Love em.
Great product and fast shipping . Love the color. My grandson will love this for Christmas.
This is pretty good for the price, and its comfortable.
Got a good deal on these headphones on Black Friday. Great quality, we are very happy so far!
My family has purchased 2 pairs of these headsets. They are lightweight but durable. The sound quality is AMAZING. I am a streamer on Twitch and use these and have never had any complaints about audio quality. The only thing I do not like is the volume control. It is a wheel and can get turned down by rubbing against your clothes. I use one pair on my PC and one on my PS4. I liked them so much I bought my son a pair too.
Bought these for my son for his birthday and hmthey have held up great and the quality is awsome. I will probably end up buying the pink ones for my daughter for Christmas.
This is a great headset. Its very durable and it works with all my gaming consoles.
This Razer Kraken Pro V2 Headset is great with PS4! My Friends can hear me great and report not static or anything.. They are impressed and I am too! Great Headset overall and price especially when on sale!
This headset is the most comfortable for the money. over sized ear cups which i love. Sound impressive as well
I picked these up for my sons xbox one. He has been through multiple headsets and these seem to be holding up better than the others. We did have to pick up the adapter to make them work with his console but they worked right out of the box for my ps4. I am very pleased with these even though they are wired.
These headphones have such great quality not only in audio but it’s so comfortable!
Since I bought the gaming system and the monitor the only thing left was the audio system so I decided for a gaming headset which would allow late night playing without disturbing others in the household
Great sound. Good Mic. Works perfect on the ps4 would recommend
Im very satisfied with the quality, performance and price of Razer products so I continue to stick with that brand. This headset works perfectly with my other gaming items.
I bought these last Christmas for my husband who loves them with his PS4. The ear cups are big and don’t hurt your ears. Very comfy. Was in need of a pair for myself for gaming and bought these again!
They sound great and I may be in the minority here, but I like the fact that its corded. No need to charge it and take time away from gaming.
This headset is made for PC, but is 100% usable on phones, Xbox one, Ps4, anything that has a typical headphone plug-in. Its sound quality is stellar for a $50 headset, at $100 its too much without being wireless. I already had a friend buy one for his Xbox too.
Matches all the lighting from all the Razer products. If you wish to have style, class, and pro gaming capabilities, ANY Razer product with chroma lighting will do! But these are legitimately awesome! Look me up on you tube to see me use them! Dindanmex!
We have two of these in my home. The quality is good and the microphone ejects and hides just fine in the design
Decent headset. Wish I had more color options in store but overall this product works great, had some connection error at first with the Omen HP PC but figured it out. Sound quality is great for games, music, and streaming videos.
Super excited with this purchase. These headphones are amazing!
This head set is very good for its price. Nice sound bass and comfortable
Headphones have great sound quality and are extremely comfortable.
The sound and clarity are premium. My son loves it!
The product has great comfort the audio is great and the mic is great as well.
I really enjoy this headset. I play on the PS4 and the sound is great.
Excellent product i’ll reco To everyone this product
my son has these on all the time, has them hooked to his game, his phone, and his music, and loves them
Great headphones for the Xbox. I can hear people sneaking up on my while playing Blackout.
I think this headset ranks up there with the most expensive sets out there!
I have had these headphones for a few months. I can say that they are still working as the 1st day I got it. If you are worried about prices and which headset to trust, I would definitely recommend this particular one. It is decently priced and does what they need to do. Surround sound and bass are amazing. I also own the Man-O-War headphone, but since getting wired Krakens Ive been using only this. Yeah I love wireless because hey- WIRELESS, but I got tired of charging and always being connected to a charger. Krakens are definitely my go to. I even sleep with them on in bed sometimes. You will not regret its quality and durability. Coming from an honest reviewer
Very good sound quality! Very comfortable headset.
Works great. Love how you can hear out of them. Perfect
My grandson explicitly asked for this present for Christmas.
Pleased with the purchase I will buy it again ! Thank you
My son uses them for Xbox video gaming and they have been working awesome
These headphones are comfortable and has a very useful adjustable speaker piece. It also has a quick on off switch which is great when you are coughing while you are playing online or have personal indormation to say.
My son uses these earphones all the time when he plays video games and really likes them.
This is great gaming headset. Ears will not get hot even if you play all day. Love retractable microphone and cable quality.
I needed a reliable product that would work with my computer or phone. This does the job really well.
Great product. Got it for Black Friday sale and is worth it
Amazing quality for the price. Voice is clear as day
I bought these headphones for my son for his birthday. They are the best headphones he has ever had. The sound quality is wonderful.
Great sound, very clear and nice base. Strong construction but comfy fit.
First I cant believe how expensive headsets are but for my 13 year olds birthday its what he wanted. He loves the headset and has great hearing quality. Good buy
I upgraded from the basic Xbox headset to this one and I was astonished at how great everything sounded.
Got these for around $50 on sale, theyre worth it for that much. Cant see myself paying for more than that though.
Great sound quality. Very comfortable. High quality feel.
LIghtweight, comfortable and great quality. Love the retractable mic.
For the under $100 price point in headsets, you cant beat it. Yes it has minor flaws but works great for online gaming and listening to just about anything. Highly recommend. Used on Xbox One X.
This has really clear sound and fits very comfortable.
My son wanted these for playing on his XBOX. He wanted these over the wireless gaming headphones.
Very pleased with the headset. Works on just about any device
I bought this for my son for his Xbox one and he loves it!
Ive been using these for PUBG and CoD BO4 and been amazing. Totally stepped my game up with these bad boys.
I cant say a single thing bad about this headset! I am not one for writing reviews but Ive never been so impressed with a headset in my life! I have had multiple brands astro, turtle beach, steelseries, and many more. This headset beats it on every level comfort 10/10, sound 10/10, user friendly, excellent mic and honestly just everything its amazing. I also purchased the wireless man o war version and honestly I was not impressed and returned it due to comfort problems. Pick this one you wont be disappointed
This has good sound and is comfortable. Like the retractable mic alot
The gentleman at the store was very helpful. He recommended The headphones and made certain I was able to get the best quality for the amount of money I was wanting to spend.
Bought these for my wife to play WOW. She loves them
These are the best gaming headphones. They do only last one year since they take a daily beating. The ear cup size is perfect. I hope they never stop making them!
This headset is good quality and great sound for the price, you can obviously get better quality and sound and more features but it’ll cost more, this is good headset for the average gamer that’s just looking for a headset to talk to friends and hear the game from the headset speakers
Amazing quality for the price! Can’t beat this anywhere!
My son loves these gaming headphones. He says they pretty much cancel noise though they aren’t billed as noise cancelling.
The best razer head i have use in a long time. Love it
very good headset sick of buying xbox and knock offs they all break, very durable great audio better than some car speakers, great product worth the money. check out their gaming keyboards and mice very nice products pleasantly surprised.
These headphones sound great. Look really good and feel really comfortable. Can wear for long periods of time without any discomfort. I would highly recommend these to any gamers....work on all gaming platforms
comfortable and easy to set up. mic has decent quality also.
This product of head phones for my computer gaming work as expected.
My son LOVES it. It has fantastic sound quality for the price.
Served me well the past month since purchase, very good quality and does the job well! I would recommend this to those wanting headphones suited for enjoying movies and gaming.
They are very comfortae, the sound is good and the microphone is great!
Great! Awesome to use. Great quality. Strongly recommend
For the price, these are unbeatable. Crystal clear quality, both in the earpieces, and out through the mic. I had to buy a newer controller for my XBox to get it to work, but once it did, it was great.
I love these headphones. It completes my Razer package of items that I use frequently including my keyboard and mouse. I definitely recommend anything Razer!
Performs as expected. Great quality for the money. Works as designed.
This is a great gaming headset. It holds up to being transported to and from college. The quality of sound and mic sound is great. The on mic off/on control is very efficient and the color change reminds the player when their mic is on or off. My son and his friends really like this headset. And the cool color changing symbol on the earpieces is a bonus.
I got these on sale for my son and he absolutely loves them. Razor is an excellent company that makes excellent headphones. They are comfortable and they sound amazing.
Great sound for gaming and really comfortable. It’s also nice and sleek
These are quality headphones, just a little bulky. Nice
Razer - Kraken Pro V2 Wired Stereo Gaming Headset .Great stereo gaming headset
I bought it for my boys. They love them. I’m happy with my purchase.
The headset fits well, hears awesome, its durable, it does its purpose.
Really enjoying this headset. I use it with pc and xbox one. I really like that it came with an adapter chord for stereo sound. If I am using it with my xbox one I just unplug the adapter and plug it in to the controller. Headset also sits comfortably on ears for long gaming sessions.
Upgraded to this for his on-line gaming and he loves it so much.He even keeps it in its original box for transport.Looks like hes keeping it.
This is my first pair of a decent pair of headphones for gaming. Great price too for how well they work. The sound is great and my friends can hear everything I say. I use them for Fortnight.
I was shopping for a special headset that was both wireless and had great sound quality I found it in this one!
This is a great headset for the price. I bought it for my son. He says it has amazing sound.
Bought this for my son as he is an avid gamer. He loves it. Clear crisp sound from both speakers and mic. Rgb bling is a nice touch. Thinking of picking me up a set once I catch them on sale again.
Im not cool enough to review this product but my grandson, age nearly 11, is thrilled with these headphones and claims he will keep them forever. He likes the sound, the mike, the cool design and the quality.
These are My 2nd Kraken, and I Love it!!.These have Huge COMFORTABLE Ear Cushions Covering My Entire ear which I cant find in MOST Headphones..I can keep it on for Hours w/No Discomfort, especially on weekends I have it on literally 100% of the day , its worth every cent!.I use it for Gaming / Movies / Music and PH Calls w/o the need of an EQ..NO Regrets love this Brand!!
I own a few mid-range headsets and this by far is the most comfortable Ive ever bought. Ive never had any complaints about the mic so I would assume that it works decent as well.As far as sound quality goes, I wouldnt recommend these if your main focus is music. For the price, you can find a pair of Sony headphones with much deeper bass, louder volume, and richer sound quality. However if youre going to be gaming for hours and want something that gets the job done well and doesnt leave you with a headache, these will do good!
The audio is clean and the bass is amazing, the mic is good as well
Oh it works really good, my husband can’t hear me when I yell for him. And Yeap it has good sound!
Bought this headset for my son, great sound quality, mic works good, very comfortable, the neon green color is awesome.
Good sound that is true to game enhancement. USB is a good connection source
Really happy with the performance and comfort. Great value.
This headset is a great value and works well with my gaming system.
I PURCHASED THESE FOR MY 10 YEAR OLD GRANDSON. LOVES THEM.
Set it up within seconds. The over the ear design makes it very comfortable for long term use.
I would recommend these. They were very easy to set up and the sound is wonderful. Havent had any problems with them and been using for over month now.
This headset is incredible with large drivers and loud volume you will be able to hear everything!!!
Its working perfect, I like it as I dont hear the noises when I use it
Very well made and has great sound. Used for computer and game console use.
Its very good. specifications same as the description, I recommend it for others
Paired up easily & sound fantastic! I love the feel & the mic is awesome, too!
These headphones are awesome and big enough to fit your entire ear without pinching
Headphones have great sound for gameplay. Can hear even small sounds while playing and chatting with friends.
This was a gift for my sons birthday that was an addition to his PS4. He loves it tremendously. He says the mic and headphones are the best hes had.
Good quality headphones with great sound. Would recommend.
My son like this one the best out of the last 3 he has tried. Great for PC, Mobile, and game units. Awesome deal on them.
My boy has had problems with other headsets. This one he really likes.
Great on PS4, super comfortable, very good sound, my son loves them!
This headset is comfortable on both the wallet and the head.
Robust gaming headset with a solid aluminum frame. Innovative retractable mic. Seems to be quite durable and well suited for gaming purposes.
Picked up this headset on sale today. Way more comfortable than the TB I had. Feels expensive and of great quality. Sounds great for the price. Don’t hesitate to buy one.
These headphones have good padding for the ears and are comfortable. Works great while I am gaming!
No one complaint. Sound is clear and crisp , cant beat the price
My wife absolutely loves these headphones, they have great bass and work well with our amp that we have hooked up to her gaming systems/PC.
No problems. My daughter loves it and is totally pleased!
Great product! Will buy another! No issues!!!!!!!!!
I have a giant head. With any other headset, over time it will crack and break because my head is just that big. But the fact that this one has a metal frame, the headset molded into my shape and it fits perfectly! Only downside is that roughly after 2 years, it started making this weird loud clicking sound. However, since I bought the warranty, I replaced it with no issues at all and Im still extremely happy with my headset!
I got these as a special gift to myself after finding out the bluetooth profile on my PC doesn’t allow for talking and listening at the same time. They work great, especially for the price point! Too well, even—I could barely hear myself talk so I was half-yelling into the mic so loud my roommate had to text me to ask me to quiet down. They’ve made my gaming experience infinitely better and much more immersed.
Great price and my son loves it.  Great gaming headset.
Sound quality is great, and works as expected recommended
Great quality audio on both ends. Mic works great.
Kids just Love them!!! The warranty is so worth it !!!!
This headset is amazing. My son loves them. Great buy!
Really nice gaming headset for gaming its nice clear and comfortable I really recommend to any gamer PC or ps4 or xbox its awsome
I got these for computer and console gaming and they are perfect. I get heavy use out of them and have been using them for 2 years and they are still working great. They are very comfortable and sound canceling and I never have any problems with them.
Great headset for gaming. I use these headphones for fornite. I can hear everything and where things are crytal clear. My voice is picked up nicely as well. I got these on sale also. Two thumbs up.
Very good headset good for rainbow and pubg definitely recommend
Pretty good headset. Fits well and does the job. 1
Best sound quality for video games, you can hear the accented background noises
Its razer so the quality is good! the sound is great and comes with an extension for pc connection! also can connect to ps4, x1 and an aux input easily!
I did not buy the top model and this is like an older generation. It was a great buy for the money spent.
Purchased for my son and work very well. Would definitely recommend.
These always last me for years, great quality surround sound, no issues with use. No background noises or buzzing, especially when you talk....have run into issues with that with other brands. I only go with Razer products now and will always.
Im going to have to buy another one everybody keeps taking them
So far so good, the clarity and the surround sound from Dolby Atmos with my Xbox one is amazing. I sometimes prefer watching movies with these because of how good they sound. And the microphone is perfect too, never had any problems communicating.
Great Headset for the price. Overall good value!!!
I bought this for my sons playstation. He seems impressed by the sound quality.
Perfect sound. Super crisp. Must buy! No outside noise. No interference.
Sound quality is good, and the mic is good.The retractable headphone , its protected. So it will not break easily.
This Headset is really good it’s very durable great audio quality a little bit small if it rests on your neck even if you extend this all the way but overall really good.
Excellent sound quality. They also block out a lot of background noise and are comfortable to wear for long periods of time. I use them when I play games on XBOX One. They pick up a lot of directional sound (e.g., footsteps, gunshots, and voices) that Id otherwise miss. Great buy for the price.
I purchased the headphones for my son. He started using it for ps4 gaming, and loved it from the moment he plugged it in to the controller. We game together often on t.v.s in the same room, and we do this audio setup so that there is no battle for sound, my wife does not get upset with multiple games turned up, and so our sounds are isolated to each player. He also uses the headphones for switch and phone time, so what he is doing is less of a distraction to those around him.
My grandson loves this headset! He started with the PS4 Sony Gold headset but had to return it because the other players couldn’t hear him. Then he got a Turtle Beach Stealth 700 but had to return it because he couldn’t hear the other players. Gave up on the wireless headsets and bought this Razer Kraken. He has never had any issues with it. So it’s definitely his favorite headset! Other players hear him and he hears the other players. PERFECT!!
i use them every day. i am a you tuber and make videos as well
High quality headphones for a great price. Will purchase again.
My girlfriends son told me about these. I was kind of skeptical because he is a teenager and he uses his for Xbox One and computers while I would be using mine for PS4. He was not wrong in his description to me. I have purchased pair after pair that I could not hear out of. These I can hear footsteps behind me, gunshots around me, all sorts of things that I can not hear in other headphones. They are truly great.
My son has been using these headphones for about 3 months now and he loves it. He also said It has awesome sound.
I love these they are comfy and I got cat ears from razed to go with!!!
It has good sound quality and is lightweight. It also doesn’t hurt your ears after a long gaming session.
Son wanted and loves this item. Definitely worth the money
excellent sound quality. clear mic. great construction
Solid headset for the price, some others are better but no complaints here
Very pleased with the headset. Sound clear, and I like the retractable mic
Is a good headset got it for my kid and loves it plug and play no problem thanks razer
Its good for the price and for gaming. Music and such.
Great headphones without having to spend a lot of money
Kids love these headsets for gaming with our computer. The newer version, the second that we bought has a better cord connection.
I bought these to replace another set of the same ones that lost sound in the right ear.
This was a bit of an impulse buy but it served my audio needs. I can recommend.
These headphones are comfortable and sound really good.
Works greatHad wireless set same brandNot as good as wired
Don’t let your cat gain access to cord or headphones are useless.
Very cool stylish my friend really like n she want buy too
Works great on the xbox while streaming video games!
Very high quality sound, good for both gaming and videos.
I bought a couple headsets and returned all but this one. It’s not noise canceling but I honestly can’t hear anything else with them on. They are loud and comfortable.
Very comfortable and good sound quality slick design to
This headset is great for younger gamers and also beginners. Good sound and a great value.
Perfect headset for xbox, ps4, or even pc. They are kind of big but they are comfortable and the sound is really great on them.
Upgraded to these from some generic headsets. My son plays a lot of PC games with his friends and he really likes the sound in these.
I’ve always had troubles finding a good headset due to old ones always breaking. Sound quality is amazing and I love the retractable mic.
The quality of the headphones is really good so is the the sound quality. Just wish they were louder.
Great headphones and excellent price. My son loves them.
Better quality than previous headset and sound quality is great
I was hesitant to buy this headset due to it being wired, and generally not offering a lot of features. Which is to be expected considering its price (versus most wireless headsets) but what you give up in wireless functionality and features, you gain in audio and build quality. These cans are so comfortable for long gaming sessions, and the sound is clear and balanced.
Fits great and i can wear for hours and it still comfortable.
Ive used these headphones for a month or so and theyve been excellent for my PS4 and laptop.
Comfortable and clear.. good quality and got 20 bucks off on sale
My favorite pair of headphones I have. I use them all the time and have really good sound.
Great purchase sound is loud and clear best headset I’ve ever own
Great quality sound. Retractable mic is a plus. Much better than the faulty Corsair I originally bought.
the ear cushion is very comfortable. leather cushion make everythimg better....
Its a great entry Razer headset. Its affordable and does its job.
This is a great pair of cans without beaking bank. Highly recommended.
Sound quality is amazing. Perfect for gaming and music.
I never paid more than 20$ for a head set and decided to finally try one, and this are 100% worth the money. Perfect quality, amazing sound and doesn’t hurt for having them on over a long period of time.
I never owned a gaming headset so comfortable as these I have such big ears lol so this works out perfect for me My ears never hurt after wearing these for hours get them
I purchased these because of my faith in Razer products and I was not disappointed. The sound and build quality is exceptional. They are sturdy and well built to endure.
After trying a few different head sets, this one turns out to be the best
Purchased this for kids XBox gaming and he loves it. Even bought the 2 year warranty on it let’s see if we will need it.
PERFECT FOR GAMING AND VIDEOS MY SON LOVE IT...CANT GO WRONG WITH THIS HEADPHONE
Razer is the best good sound and a good mic a must buy for a gaming PC
Great headset for gaming at a reasonable price and availability
Headset is comfortable, ear piece is soft, and is very clear.
The Razer gaming headset is so comfortable. The sound is very clear and sharp. My grandson loves his new headset!
Love it The quality audio is machlett cant say nothing bad about this headphones
My son loves them and told me his dad they are amazing for gaming
Not necessary to spend that much money but my son loves them. They’re sound proof.
Finally a headset that doesn’t hurt my head after 3+ hours of gaming. High quality sound, though I wish there were indications on the volume wheel which is up or down. Besides that, mic doesn’t shift and game sound is crystal clear!
Bought these on sale at Best Buy and my son said they sound great and are very comfortable. He uses them with the xbox 1.
I got this headset for use with my Xbox one. It was plug & play into the Xbox controller. Friends said they could hear me great and the sound quality was better than my previous set. I really liked that the ear cups go completely around my ear so there was no pain with long-term gaming. Note: The razer logo doesnt light up and is just a matte finish.
Great headset and exceeded all of my gaming needs.
It is an excellent stereo gaming headset to PC and to a little gamer
This headset is awesome! Great quality sound. The only complaint I have is that the noise canceling works super good and when I have friends over I have to take the headset off to hear people in the room.
These headphones at this price point are a steal. Great sound in depth and tone. Not the lightest but they are comfortable. Good build quality also. You can feel confident in purchasing these.
I really enjoy how the headphones neutralize outside noise
It was well received by my grandson. a gaming teenager
Great for isolating noise. The mic is great especially since its retractable.
Material is a lasting quality. The sound is great and the fit is comfortable.
I use these headphones all the time. Sound quality and mic quality are good.
I purchased this product for my husband, and he absolutely loves it! It has great audio.
Great mic while talking to other players in the game.
These were a great surprise. The sound of a higher end headphone but a much lower price. Got these for my son for his xbox and they sound great.
Good quality-Good sound. Good price. Ordered online and shipping was prompt
The mic is nice and the audio is nice it is good for everyone
Use this headset on my ps4. Nice fit, great sound, and nice fitting.
This was on sale when I got it. It is a good brand and needed something for my Xbox. It is wired but hooks up directly to the Xbox remote with everything in the box. The adapter referenced was not needed.
I have never used these type of earphones when gaming, couldnt really afford to. But these make a world of difference in gaming now and the price was perfect!!
The razor kraken V-2 Gaming headsets sounds excellent great noise cancelation.
My sons headphones broke and he had the warranty and these were on sale.
Great sound and very comfortable headphones. Microphone is great as well
I got this for my son and he is really impressed with it. He said it doesn’t feel as heavy as other headsets.
This headset is an improvement to the turtle beach I had. I can wear it longer without my ears hurting sound quality is great
Bought this on sale for my daughter to use while playing Minecraft. Works well. No complaints from her
Gaming headsetFantastic product fantastic for Xbox PC and so on and so on
I son wanted this headset for Christmas and has been really happy with them.
Great headset love the sound and the bass is Awesome. Love that fact that when u have them on u can’t hear anything but the headset
These headphones work great. I have not tried microphone yet however I love that it pushes inside the headphones and cant get lost. They work well and feel good on you head.
This headset is excellent for gaming. Comfortable and clear.
Awesome headphones for gaming, the position of sounds related to the game are incredible! I definetely recommend this one if youre looking for a high quality product and price worth it.
buy works great highly recommended................
And now I use them for almost anything you can headphones for.
I got these for my son. Hes 13 yrs old really like them.
My kids love it too much the sounds is very good!!
My son said they were a good buy. Comfortable , stylish, good sound quality. As a mom - they were a decent price comparatively. Also if you have teens. Famous gamer  you tubers also use and recommend.
