These headphones are alright. They have decent sound quality and a usable mic. There are better options though. I like that Razer made it with more metal instead of all plastic like it was before, but thats really the only improvement.At this price point, Id have to say go with the HyperX Cloud headsets.
This is one of the few USB plug-in computer headphone sets most an hour audio and for some reason they seem to break a lot I have bought three in the past year-and-a-half
Quite disappointed with Razer. Headphones look nice, good built quality, and decent comfort despite the heavy weight BUT the audio is all lows, some mids, and highs are almost non existent. Might be OK if playing games that are all explosions but music and voice sound terrible.Built Quality: 9/10Comfort: 8/10Highs: 2/10Mids: 5/10Lows: 7/10
Alright so I bought the Razer Kraken V2 and know this Im a huge Razer fan my gaming PC has the Deathadder keyboard and Razer Mouse so I had high hopes for these. Opening the box everything looked good, and first thing I noticed was tbe cord that connects to the PC its almost like a piece of string flexable almost weightless. Very nice, then i moved on to the headset its also lightweight looked good and he mic effortlessly slid in and out which i did and didnt like but thats my preference as a gamer. Plugging everything in I put the headphones on first thing I noticed it had 0 gripage on my head felt like if I moved my head to quick they would fly I didnt test this so Dont Try it at Home Kids. But with my preference I like a headphone that fits snug and comfortable which these didnt they felt loose and unsecured. Testing the mic quality out it sounded okay and even chatting with a friend he said it was an improvement over my old webcam mic but not by much mostly because the mic is closer to my mouth while the webcam was far away. And know that my webcam mic is almost 10 years old, and these headphones are pretty recent, so I wasnt pleased with that. Continuing to test it while gaming the audio was clear but it didnt do anything for background noises my old music headset I got 2-3 years ago for my Ipod did a better job at blocking sound and those cost me 30 bucks at the time. And I know there is a Surroundsound type of Kraken but if those are like these only better at block outside noise I dont think they are worth the money you pay. So my overall review? 3/5 stars and if I had the choice i would have put them at 2.5/5 are they nice for an amateur gamer who plays for fun and doesnt care? Yes perfect but if your a serious gamer like myself who uses all sounds to his advantage I wouldnt recommmend these to you not for 80 bucks. So....Pros: Cord that connects is weightless flexable great quality (I have debated keeping the headset for the cord alone but 80 for a cord is too rich for my blood), and clear audioCons: 0 Background noise protection, mic qaulity is average, headset is loose feeling.
Nice over the ear headset. But mic catches alot of background noise
This is my third Razer headset. Not sure how i made it to 3 actually after such rough experiences with the first two (Carcharias and Kraken Pro. I enjoy the bells and whisltes but this headset fails in basic functioning, ?The sound is simply lacking any quality, even after several adjustments eq settings etc. I spent over two hours trying to get it to just sound like a "Pro" headset. The next 2 hours i spent trying to get the echo cancellation in most all voice programs (ie Teamspeak, Skype etc.) I finally realize it was the surround sound software. If im playing a game i want the surround sound for sure. But any game you play that you also use Teamspeak (or potentially other voice comms programs), you may want to turn off surround sound. That of course diminishes the game play. Which reminds me i need to post that on some forums Many people complain of the echo, poor sound and poor mic. I would not recommend this product. In fact, I dare say Ill buy another Razer headset. .
Sound quality was okay, bass was fairly deep but highs left something to be desired. Keep in mind that this is the Analog version of the headset, not the USB 7.1 Digital, so what you get is... what you get. The Razer Synapse software is not compatible with these headphones, so getting real drivers or software isnt an option; theyre only as good as your onboard soundcard, and most of them... suck. A lot.Case in point, my stereo output was bleeding into my mic inputs all the time, so no matter what everyone got to listen to what I was listening to, and the echoes were quite prevalant, Im sure, though blessedly I was spared this and only others in the voice channel were tortured. Some adjusting of the levels showed a decent mic input quality as long as the headphones were silent, but with no drivers adjusting the input quality in the Windows "mixer" usually results in squawks and noise, or nothing, so its default values or nada.Since Im trying to get away from broadcasting my Spotify streaming over Discord, as it tends to annoy people because I like bad music, Im returning these to the store to try out the USB-based 7.1 headset instead. Being able to tweak the Equalizer settings because REAL DRIVERS should also prove to be highly beneficial.In a vacuum, these probably suffice. Having other options that suffer less, hard pass on these. Also, work on the box a bit.
The wire coming out of the headset would cut out if not held a certain way. Poor design. They should have a separate audio cable that can detach on both ends like on Beats headphones that way if wire goes bad, you can simply replace it. New design we exchanged it for has a thicker, sturdier feeling wire. I hope it lasts longer. Performance is great though
3/5Great audio nice and crisp.Build was excellent.Only problem was with the mic. Friends could hear clearly what was playing through my headset. Will be returning because this is a deal breaker for me.
The razer program isn’t as friendly to use either!
These were decent enough but as my child got older he wanted more from a headset
These headphones sound the same as other headphones half the cost go for the cheaper ones
Good built quality, but very low and thin sound. Returned them and got Plantronics Rig 500 pro.
Bought these for xbox and though they are great product, they may not be ideal for xbox. Sound was low, even with volume all the way up. no true surround sound, just a left and right, so you had to turn either right or left to pinpoint where the sound was coming from.Excellent at noise cancellation. This was by far the best part of the headphones.Looked and felt extremely high quality. Multiple people commented on how they thought these were $125+ headphones.Overall good design , but needed more for use with Xbox.
My son didn’t like them and the volume wasnt all that good.
I like them but the sound quality is a bit muffled. Compared to other products at the same price the sound should be better.
I used to have the razer kraken 7.1 v2, but they broke and when i went to get a replacement, they did not have the same so i went with these. Not as good, but they get the job done.
Headphones stopped working once the cord got bent.
This product sounds superb! Highs are crisp and clear, lows are deep and bass is nice! Mic has good sound quality, however many time others in the party say my mic picks up sound from the headphones despite having a nice seal over the ear. My assessment is the vibration travels down the mic boom and is translated into sound picked up by the mic. Otherwise great product, but during game parties sound has to be reduced greatly to compensate for mic pick-up.
I guess for the price they are just ok, Id recommend going for something with 7.1 dolby sorround.
Works well and quality is good. However, it does not get that loud and I expected the sides to light up.
The build quality and comfort of these headphones are spot on. The hideaway mic is also very nice. The only drawback to these are the sound quality, specifically if you’re using them for game sound and chat on console. I couldn’t get a good balance between the lows and highs and there is no program (that I know of) to tweak the audio profile. I’m one person with one opinion so the next person may like these... I would suggest getting them and trying them out.
Not designed for glasses wearer. Too much pressure over the glasses legs area and start hurting in a few minutes. Besides, you cannit adjust the sound chat volume balance. Sound quality is okay.
Title says it all, I tried around 5 pairs before settling for some turtle beaches, these felt cheap, fit and fitting were poor, sound quality wasnt very good either and max volume was low, this was the first and most likely last purchase Ill make from this manufacturer
The quality isn’t there at all. You can hear when the wires moved and so can the ones on the other end. They can also hear when you click the mute key on the cord. MEH, but a different brand for this price
I love everything about this headset and it would be the best headset ever BUT there is 1 issue the mic doesn’t work which for me makes the headset really bad because I bought this specifically for the mic and it really disappoints me that it doesn’t work.
purchased these on july 12 since i needed a new gaming headset and wanted to upgrade from a lower priced headset.first time trying them on i already could hear enemy steps way better, the audio itself is very good and even team mates would ask me to lower down my mic, thats how crisp and loud the sound going in and out WAS.the headset is also very comfortable, ear cups very soft. i would game for hours on end and my ears or head never hurt. well, that lasted for 2 months, as of today, randomly, the mic works no longer even though i had made use of it a day before! am glad i bought a care plan but wished i had listen to other people complaining about razers problems with mics because its true. i take absolute care of my items and i find it absurd that a higher end headsets mic breaks after 2 months of use.
Good headphones but stopped working after about 15 days of non-hard use!
Broken after a week of light used. Easy to return.
This has great sound, but unless you have a big head or large ears, you will not enjoy the feeling of this headset. I also often have issues with my laptop recognizing the mic or Synapse activating. Other than that, the sound is good and the mic is very clear.
Sound was muffled and sound would  leak  form  the headset  while  playing games
