The G PRO gaming headset has amazing sound quality. It doesnt matter if youre gaming, listening to music, watching a movie, of chatting the sound quality is amazing.When chatting folks commented on the quality of the microphone. When gaming I can hear much more clearly the action. Considering the price point these are at Id call them a steal!Well worth the investment!
The Logitech - G PRO Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Windows - Black is worth more than the dollar amount that it cost. They give my ears an experience similar to listening to a movie in an IMAX theater. I can differentiate amongst all the different sounds clearly. Viewing my computer or TV screen with the Logitech - G PRO Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Windows - Black on gives an experience of actually becoming absorbed into the game or video that I am watching. The ear pads are extremely comfortable with a thick soft cushion material. My ears fit inside the ear pads with no tightness or discomfort. The size of the ear pads completely engulf my ears and keep all outside noise from being heard. The attachable microphone delivers clear and crisp audio. I can hear all aspects of my gaming experience more clearly with the Logitech - G PRO Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Windows - Black similar to the higher ended headsets on the market that I have previously used.
The gamer in our house is quite satisfied with this Logitech pro gaming headset. The quality is very nice with comfort features to accommodate extended wear. The headband can be adjusted for a comfortable, secure fit and the memory foam ear cushions make it easy on the ears. Its a nice balance of quality, comfort and lightweight design.The braided cord is plenty long enough for pc applications with an inline mic for volume and mute. The mic is also removable. Sound quality is good with Pro-G 50mm drivers. One can download 5-band EQ profiles tuned by pro gamers or create your own using the G Hub software. The onboard memory stores EQ settings for favorite games.This is a nice headset for a reasonable price. It checks off all the boxes for quality, value and comfort. Weve been satisfied with other Logitech purchases in the past so this one is no surprise.
The sound is the absolute best when you customize the equalizer settings with the Logitech GHub app to your preference while either playing a game, watching a movie or listening to music.SETUP:There are two ways you can set up this headset to your PC. 1. By plugging it into a USB port or 2. Using the Y connector (that comes with the headset) and plugging one of the 3.5 mm jacks into the headset input and the other into the microphone input.FEATURES: The headset is nice and comfortable with soft leatherette ear cups and this is lightweight enough that you could wear this all day without a problem. There is a mid-cable controller for adjusting the volume and muting the mic. The mic is well made and sturdy and your voice comes through clearly and most background noise is filtered out.INSIGHT:These do not have surround sound and quite honestly it is not needed because the true stereo audio is excellent. It is very clear with no real distortion, no matter the volume. Listening to music on this headset is amazing. There is a strong bass and stereo quality is excellent. Quite honestly I do have more expensive headsets and this is my favorite. These are not noise cancelling, but they do a keep a good deal of sound out by the way the ear cups form to your head. Because this headset comes with a 3.5 mm jack you can also plug this into your smartphone and listen to music.RECOMMENDATION:If you are looking for a simple gaming headset that gives great performance and at a decent price this is just the headset for you.
The Logitech Pro gaming headset is extremely comfortable and sits great on my head. I have a large head and with this headset, I don’t need to max out the headband; the circumference of my head near my forehead is 23.5 inches (ca. 60 cm). The ear cups/muffs are large, and they comfortably cover my ear, the clamping force isn’t too tight even if wearing glasses. The entire headset is not heavy. I play games for long hours and this headset is perfect for prolong comfort use.The most important feature of a gaming headset is the sound quality. To fully experience the quality sound of this headset, one must download the Logitech G HUB software. If you have other Logitech pro gaming product, you might have this installed. With the app, I created a unique profile for all games and every character can have a personalized profile. The app has preset profiles, one can browse/download additional profiles or customize your own. Normally, I start with a preset profile, adjust the sound to my preference and I then save it. The sound quality helps me better pinpoint shots at a distance, can tell where you get shot from, and where footsteps are coming from. The range of sound helps to clearly identify the sound of each weapon. Sound isolation is good which helps to tune the in-game sound and ignore the outside noise.The headset comes with a detachable microphone which is incredibly clear and accurate. Lots of my teammates hear exactly what I am saying so there is less confusion. Overall, it is a really nice well-built headset.
The Logitech G PRO wired stereo headset for Windows is one of the best headphones that I have tested out so far. They fit snug and comfortable on my head and are not too bad even when I am wearing my glasses, although when I do wear my glasses, I can’t wear them as long just from my frames being pushed a little too much into my temples. The pressure isn’t too bad, but just a little annoying and if push comes to shove, I could wear them much longer. The headband is made of steel and aluminum for strength and weight. Soft supple fake leather ear pads surround your ears, and combine that with the memory foam inserts and you have the makings of a truly comfortable fit and feel for your ears. These have 50mm drivers that provide a great sound out of the box and if you download the Logitech G HUB software, it gets even better. You can choose between some pre-defined EQ settings or you can customize and save your own. You can even download the settings profile to the onboard memory and take them with you. A 6’ 3.5mm headphone cable that feels sturdy and think is included. There is an inline control that you can adjust the volume and mute. I found that the placement of the control is just a bit too close to the headphones and I would have preferred it to be a few inches lower than it is. The microphone is detachable and has pretty good flexibility in it’s stalk with only the first inch of it not being able to be adjusted, but the rest of it is movable. Quality is really good as well and anyone I asked how it sounded said it was clear and loud. I am really looking forward to my next gaming session to play around with the EQ settings even more to see if I can improve the sound even more than I have.
The Logitech - G PRO Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Windows is truly a great headset but before I go any further, it should be noted that this headset can be used with many other devices in addition to Windows PCs. This is awesome because of how comfortable this headset is and how great the sound quality is.It comes with a 3.5mm cable which allows the headset to be used with any similarly compatible devices such as mobile phones, tablets, and gaming controllers. For example, I tested it out with my Xbox One and was pleasantly surprised to find it worked just as well as any other gaming headset I have used with my Xbox One although it should be noted that an additional adapter may be needed if you still use the original Xbox One controllers which do not have the 3.5mm jack built-in. This versatility is a great addition to what is already an amazing gaming headset for Windows.As described, the headset comes with a detachable microphone, y-splitter cable for separate microphone and headphone connections to compatible computers, and a USB external sound card which allows you to adjust and save EQ settings via the downloadable Logitech G HUB software.I found the sound quality to be superb regardless of whether I used the y-splitter cable or the USB external sound card with my computer and had no compatibility issues with either option. The headset itself is very comfortable and fits well despite my relatively small head so this headset should work well for children looking to get more into their games as well.The only slight drawback I noticed has to do with the mic. Unlike other detachable mics I have experience with, the one that comes with this headset is not very malleable and does not hold its position when I try to adjust its angle. This isn’t really much of an issue since it still picks up my voice pretty well no matter what position it is in and the included pop filter does a good job of blocking unwanted noise like breathing or nearby fans.Overall, this is a very versatile and high quality headset in all aspects and I highly recommend it!
I know thats a cliche term to use but when its true its true. Setup was easy and the software downloads straight to your computer. I do miss the days of disc but not really. Quality of the material and the headphones themselves are beyond my wildest expectations. Truly amazing headphones.
The Logitech G Pro headset will be replacing my Razer Kraken Tournament Edition headset as my new daily driver headset. As an avid gamer, audiophile, and computer fan, I have a love hate relationship with headsets, even those that are higher-end. Whether it be enduring the awful mike quality of other headsets or the sweaty discomfort of poorly designed ear pads, I have often begrudged the use of headsets when gaming. My new Logitech G Pro headset has changed that. From opening the box to taunting hapless 12-year-olds using the crystal-clear audio of this mike, I have loved every minute of this headset experience. The headband is comfortable, exerting the right amount of tension without causing me to get a headache, which is a regular occurrence with other headsets I have owned. The looks are clean and professional, forgoing the typical over-the-top gamer look. This is a headset you could wear in an upscale coffee shop and have no one be the wiser that you are an undercover super nerd listening to your podcast through your awesome gaming headset while sipping espresso–pinky extended. On that note, I love the versatility of this headset. With the included USB external sound card, headphone and microphone splitter, or with the stand alone 2mm cable, you can plug into any device and have an awesome audio experience. I enjoy listening to my music on my computer as much as I enjoy hearing the highly detailed squelches and slurps of Doom 2016 glory kills. The basses are low and visceral, the mids are clear and balanced, and the highs are crisp and avoid the awful tininess that haunts other headsets that spend too much time trying to create good bass and not an overall balanced experience. The microphone is good, not amazing, but clear and with good noise exclusion from breathing and such with its pop filter. Perfect for gaming and streaming, but nothing you would use to do studio level voice overs and the like. One aspect of this headset that is absolutely worth mentioning and showing through pictures is how awesome the LogitechG HUB software experience is. Unlike the abomination that is Razer synapse software, this software is clean, snappy, free of bugs, and puts the controls for the headset EQ and sound easily at hand for the user, along with any other Logitech devices that can be controlled with the software. The on-board memory of this headset is amazing, allowing you to store EQ settings as needed on the device itself. The headset also integrated seamlessly with Discord which I appreciate immensely. Higher-end gamers demand a great user experience that does not addle their experience with unnecessary bloat but that enhances the experience and makes them want to add same-brand devices due to the smooth-continuity of that ecosystem. All in all, I feel that this headset is an excellent acquisition and absolutely up to snuff with its label as a pro headset. I cannot recommend these highly enough for their price range.
I have a lot of headsets that I own or have used. astro A40, razer krakens pros, turtle beach, other Logitech headsets, and a few others. these are up there with them all and for the price at a lower cost well worth it. They come with a usb sound card if you so choose to use. I do and it makes a big difference, especially if you dont have a great sound card. The Logitech G Hub allows a lot of customizations to be made, and it also has some pre sets that some pro gamers use. The mic is a 50/50 split for me. the sound quality is great. I use teamspeak and discord and everyone was able to clearly hear me. if you set the sidetone up, whats nice is that you wont hear yourself talking unless you have an app or game that uses the mic. sidetone is where you can hear yourself as you talk thru the mic. the part I dont like with the mic, it does not raise up. sure you can pull it out, but if you are gaming and want to eat something and move the mic out of the way by simply pushing it up, you cant. I also prefer to be able to put the mic up when I am not gaming and put my headset down. just rather do that then have to unplug it and then have to take headset off to plug back in. I also enjoy headsets that when you do put the mic up, it mutes. this just has the mute the cord. but that is not a deal breaker for me and despite that, i prefer this headset for now. they might be heavy for some compared to other headsets, but for me they are fine and comfortable. I have worn them for hours at a time now as I enjoy gaming. they do have a similar model for a little more that has 7.1. But with these I can still hear direction. one thing I will add. I have a hearing loss 90+% in left ear and 50% in right, so I enjoy a headset that I can hear with as best I can. These do that job well. Overall, I enjoy these, and if you are looking to spend 100$ or less, these are well worth looking at.
This are my favorite headphones now. The construction is solid and I love the steel peaces on the sides. The Gpro 50mm drivers are great. Out of the box the sound is a little flat, however using Logitechs Ghub software you can customize and equalize them to your perfection. Some Pros presets are there and you can also download more presets! I currently have it on the one I downloaded for max bass and they are great and no distortion! The mic is easy to attach and it feels solid. The braided cable is long and sturdy. This version doesnt come with surround sound (I think Logitech should just enable it on their software, come on, its just software), however, I have bought windows Dolby atmos for headphones code and I have now surround sound with them. They can be used with a PC with the USB dongle, or they can be plugged to a PS4s controller with the included cable. The leather muffs are super comfy and dont make my ears sweat. I wear glassed and that was no problem either! Highly recommend them!
---SETUP---The setup of this headset is quick. Everything is plug and play. It works out of the box, but if you really want to hear the sound shine through, you must install the Logitech Hub where you can customize the headset to your liking.---FEATURES---The key feature of this headset is that it can be plugged into your computer directly or with the included USB external sound card (digital audio converter). You can also use it with your consoles via the auxiliary port on the controllers (PS4, Xbox One, Switch), but you won’t get the customized sound from the PC.---PERFORMANCE---The performance is great. You can use these headphones on anything that has an auxiliary output. However, if you connect the DAC, or digital audio converter, included in the box, you can modify the sound from 5 pre-installed choices by pro-gamers, 2 pre-installed genre defaults (FPS or Moba), or custom by user. I tried this headset with FPS games like Hunt:Showdown and APEX Legends. The sound is really crisp and clear when playing these games. You can raise the volume from the included cable, plus your own desktop sound. Once you open the Logitech Hub, you can raise the volume even more and that can get pretty loud without losing clarity. I tried them with a story based game, A Plague Tale: Innocence. The immersion level was increased for me with a customized sound, focusing on lower base levels to feel the music of the game with more intensity.---EXPECTATIONS---The product meets my expectations. Once you unbox the headset, it feels like a quality build. I didn’t like the foam Logitech chose for the ear cups but thats more of a matter of taste. The microphone is great, as my teammates in DBD were able to hear me clearly. However, I wish that the mic would have been a flip up instead of a flexible cable. You can remove it, but sometimes, you just want it out of the way temporarily and with the sturdy flexible cable, you can always see it there. The included auxiliary cable is over 6 feet in length, long enough for you to be a good distance from your screen.---VALUE---The price for the headset in terms of value is comfortable and worth it if you plan to mainly use it for PC. ---APPROVAL---I highly recommend this product for gamers who want an entry level headset that will make their games sound the way pro gamers hear them.
Just to get this out front, the only reason these are “For Windows” is because of the Pro feature that requires the USB digital audio converter (DAC). This is what gives the special equalizer and acoustic settings through the Logitech G Hub. The settings once saved only apply to the USB DAC, not the headset and will work with any headphones. This USB device can then be moved from system to system retaining the EQ settings you saved to it. However, these have a standard 4 pin 3.5mm wire that makes it so it can be used in anything that has a standard headphone jack. So it works just fine in Xbox and Playstation controllers as well as a cell phone. The only thing is, the EQ settings remain on the USB DAC. As for the headphones themselves, they have a really nice microsuede memory foam padding and large earcups that provide a decent amount of passive noise isolation without touching your ears. The frequency range on these is nice, with ear tickling lows and crisp highs. I found the sound to be a little more refined using the Logitech G Hub to get the sound I prefered on the PC, but had to use other means on other devices. The 2m (6.5ft) long braided cord gives you plenty of room for PCs that might be under a desk, but a bit excessive when using something like a controller. It has inline volume and mic mute controls which can be clipped to your shirt for easy access. It also comes with a split cable for computers that have a seperate mic and headphone output, which is also the same braided material. The microphone is flexible and removable, so you don’t have to have it on all the time. Comparing these directly with another pair of gaming headphones, by only switching out the 3.5mm connection on the headset so everything else was the same, I found the Logitech G Pro had a broader sound range. With features like Dolby Atmos for headphones on PC and Xbox, having that clarity is what really helps the spatial audio.
The focus of this model is comfort while gaming, and this is truly very comfortable to wear. You can play for a long duration and not feel the need to lift them off your ears due to discomfort from squishing your ears. These are more-so like pillows to your ears as a relaxed-fit. The sound is good, not bad, but also not 7.1, which is why the $30 extra for the X model is worth it in my opinion.Overall a great set of headphones for the price. Nothing too fancy and over the top, gets the job done, with comfort as the focus.
The Logitech – G PRO Wired Stereo Gaming Headset is touted for e-sports professionals. But in my honest opinion, I would classify the G PRO as a premium gaming headset. First of all, the G PRO doesn’t sport the usual futuristic designs most gaming headsets have. Rather, the G PRO has the classic design of premium audio headsets around. Save for the mic, one would not think of the G PRO as a gaming headset. With an all-black design save for the logo, aluminum forks, a steel headband, and plush leatherette cushions, its form factor as well as its heft is at par with premium audio around-the-ear headsets out there. Also like its pure audio counterparts, the cable can be removed and as a plus mic too can be removed.That said, let’s now move on to audio clarity. I initially tested the G PRO on three computers playing music just using the built-in audio drivers namely Realtek, Synaptics, and Intel. In all three computers, audio quality was excellent with the Realtek audio driver providing the best sound. I also had the curiosity to test the audio on my iPhone XR, audio quality is likewise excellent. In addition, call quality was also excellent.I then tried the G PRO using the USB connector to my gaming rig and I found out the analog connections were slightly better. But then again, I tried it on my gaming rig which has G-HUB installed. Since it has an EQ, you can customize sound settings together with your other Logitech accessories. You can also download profiles from other gamers as well. But personally, I’d rather use the analog controls.I then tried the G PRO (via analog connection) on two current games I am playing right now which are Star Trek Online and the Halo: Combat Evolved (Yeah it’s dated. But I’m retro.) In both games, audio is more spatial without adjusting anything. And one thing I like about the G PRO is that audio does not distort in higher volumes unlike other headsets.Overall the G PRO Wired Gaming Headset is an excellent headset should you want higher quality in your gaming and can also work as a normal headset too. This one is definitely a recommended item.
When I first opened the box on these the quality was very clear. The headband is adjustable steel (not plastic) and the headband and earpads are covered with very soft microsuede. When I put them on for the first time I immediately felt the comfort of the microsuede. The memory foam in the headband combined with the soft noise-isolating earpads rests the set very comfortably on me. I had read that some didnt like the weight of the headset, presumably caused by the steel headband, but I dont feel a thing with these resting on my head for an hour or more at a time and appreciate that they are made to be durable.Next, I downloaded the software, G HUB, that allowed me to pick from 5 EQ profiles that are tuned by pro gamers and then connected to my gaming laptop with the USB connection. When playing my game, I immediately noticed that the headset blocked out the loud fans of my laptop. I truly was, "in the game", only hearing the sounds of the game. While the headset is not surround sound, I could hear separate right and left sounds of the game. I have my laptop connected to a large monitor that I play in front of with my xbox controller so I also appreciate having the volume control and mic mute on the cord, which is a plenty long cord, to quickly change without jumping over to my laptop.After using this headset for several hours my first impression has not changed. Logitech clearly didn’t cut any corners in making a quality, comfortable, and stylish headset for those that don’t want to break the bank for a gaming headset.
When I took the Logitech G-Pro headset out of the box, the first thing that struck me is how sturdy they look. The metal frame is thick and gives the headphones a solid feel. I didnt give a second thought to bending or twisting them when using them for long periods of time. I really like the fact that both the cord and mic plug in, allowing them to be disassembled when needed. Hopefully that also means the parts will be easier to replace down the road.The thick ear pads are very comfortable, allowing prolonged use without feeling squeezed. The only problem I have with all over-the-ear headphones is that we have very warm summer weather (>100 degrees) and I have a problem getting overly warm when I wear headphones. This is true of all large headphones for me, but I like the feeling of over-the-ear, so I put up with it as much as possible.Everything about the headset looks like it is high quality, from the cloth covered cord, the metal circles on the earpieces and the coiled wires connecting the earpieces to the frame. The satin finish contrasting the machined metal really looks nice also.I look forward to many years of service from these headphones, and wouldnt have any trouble recommending them to anyone looking for a nice headset for gaming or general use.
These are some great sounding headphones. I played several types of games to get a feel in how they sound across different genres. I also like that youre able to mess with the equalizer settings. I would sound that these have a more narrow soundstage. While playing Metro Exodus, sometimes people sounded much closer than they actually were. Since these are stereo headphones i felt there was also good separation between left and right. The sound was crisp and clean and the bass was more tight than usual but this is expected when you have new headphones. Im sure the bass will smooth out once the drivers get worked in. I feel the fit and comfort to be kinda tight. I did feel pressure on the side of my head. I have a pretty normal shaped head. And the headphones so feel kinda heavy but they are made with premium materials but that is expected. But overall, solid headphones and they look very premium as well.
The Logitech G Pro Wired Stereo Gaming Headset is a very nice piece of hardware. It is, in short, very comfortable with excellent sound with wonderfully deep bass. The ear pads are nicely padded and fit fully over your ears, so extraneous sound exclusion is excellent. To my mind, the most important feature of a pair of headphones is comfort as the whole point is to have them on your head for an extended period of time for whatever is your intended use (music listening/gaming/phone calls/etc.), and these headphones pass the comfort test with flying colors. There is little in the box in the way of set-up instructions, but figuring things out is a snap. The microphone attaches in only one orientation, so that’s simple. The audio connector is the single plug, three-channel type (left and right audio plus microphone) and can be plugged directly into an appropriate jack if your computer has one. There are two adapters as well. One is USB, and you just connect the headset to the adapter and the adapter to a USB 2 or better port. My computer found the added hardware and I was listening in less than five seconds. The USB adapter is particularly useful if you want to use this headset, like I will, on a laptop computer that has a headphone jack but no microphone jack. The other adapter simply splits the three-channel into one connector for the headphones and the other for the microphone, which is how I typically connect to my desktop computer.The only controls are on the headphone cable. There is a knob to adjust the audio volume and a switch to mute the microphone.The included setup guide points you to a page on the Logitech website for “support,” but I found very little there for this headset. There is no additional instruction manual, and the “downloads” link simply brings up a message saying that there are no downloads for this product. I don’t hold any of this against the product because, as I said, setup is intuitive and fast, and the headset is easy to use, comfortable, and the sound is excellent, but I thought I’d mention my “support” experience for the sake of completeness.This is an excellent headset for the price.
Logitech G PRO is a set of a unique but quite comfortable headset. I really want to talk about something that I appreciate with this headset first. These are certainly one of the most comfortable headphones/headsets Ive own. They feel soft on the ears and doesnt leave with people who have on glasses on feeling uncomfortable. Something about the leatherette foam inside just feels great no matter what you are doing. Sometimes its the little things Logitech pays attention to that matters. Before design, before features, They feel fantastic sitting on top of your head with not too much weight. If its one thing here the comfort factor is through the roof. Something Logitech should pride itself on first. But beyond that the design is nice and the matte finish feeling is great to the touch. I think its an overall universal design which is great for people who dont want something flashy (LED RGB hype) and just something that is solid. G PRO is just that. Durability is certainly here and you getting such a well-built headset that it amazes me that Logitech was able to grow over the years to this incredible gaming line. The headband is adjustable and STRONG. It takes a lot to pull them down so you will never have that flimsy feeling. I do wish the headband was also adjustable when you rest them on your neck. Something the Astro A40s have this headset beat on. But construction here is a shining point of the G PRO. The sound of these headphones are incredibility amazing even without Logitechs USB sound card / G HUB software which I will get to later; You can use these on anything with a headphone jack. So if you just want to wear them out as normal headphones it is possible. They work on the Xbox One and PS4 as well. The inline controls come with the mute switch and volume rocker. Easy access to things on the fly like this is perfect. There has been no distortion fro the headset whatsoever, they sound crystal clear all around while maintaining a good amount of bass. On their own, without any of the features, they stand out as great. Drivers are huge at 50mm so you are getting an all-around great sounding pair of headphones. There is a detachable 6mm mic that sounds clear when chatting or using for Discord. Its not "Blue" certified but it does a great job keeping sound clear on the other users end. Next year I expect Logitech to add the Blue mic for non-G PRO X models users which would be perfect for gamers. Software is where you can take these to a whole new level. Adding Logitechs USB sound card gives it some of the clearest possible sounds for gaming. Everything sounds better especially once you set up the EQ in G HUB software. You can also save your own EQ profile as well but you can also download other peoples profiles online they use for gaming. You can download pro esports and TSMs clan profiles as well. It doesnt stop there, Some games have profiles tailored the G PRO within the software. not much is there in the software but over time I expect more will be added within the G HUB software.Overall its just enough here for your needs, but if you want to go beyond this then your best option is to look for Logitech G PRO X headset; Which gives an overwhelming amount of features for gamers. I love the G PROs and I like how everything is mostly software related. There are some quick access features on the fly with the inline mic. They are extremely comfortable as well. This is certainly another win for Logitech and the way they are taking us gamers more seriously even if we dont have the money for the PRO X.
The Logitech G Pro wired headset is a fairly new product in a series aimed at the gamer market. Emphasis on comfort is the idea since most gamers are at it for hours at a time (if not *days*- you know who you are!)These phones certainly are comfortable. Like a few competing high-end wired headsets, you can actually wear them for hours without feeling like its a chore. The earpiece cushions are soft, comfortable and shaped like an ear, not round. They seal well enough to block out most of the ambient noise while still keeping my ears from sweating. The mike is detachable (big plus) and is typically bendable to keep in your desired position. The included cables are for USB connection to your PC, and have adapters for straight 3.5mm male mike and speaker connections for use on a device without USB. You can also just connect a device to the phones with the 3.5mm stereo cable.The mike recording quality was pretty good, with a lot of the background noise blocked out in my experiments. Your game software or console could have different results, I noticed better quality recordings using an app like Audacity than with the Windows 10 built-in screen video and audio recorder meant for games. The setup booklet and fliers encourage you to download the Logitech G Hub software, so you can tweak and save equalizer settings, check out other users custom settings, and upload your own to share. I discovered I like a lot more bass and low end than the people who have uploaded their own settings. Its only a 5-band EQ in the Hub so not a whole lot of difference in some of the uploaded settings. You have to register and log in to participate in the settings sharing. Some of the functions in the G Hub software are for use with other Logitech products they hope youll fall in love with. The only "noise reduction" setting I found was to cut out hardware-based noise, not ambient room noise. Like I mentioned before, the heavy cushions themselves seem to do the job of room noise reduction.I made the mistake of poking my finger to see how the replaceable/detachable ear cushions come off. It took me every bit of 5 minutes to get it back on. Grrr.I did have a few struggles getting the mike to work by default in Windows. After checking the setup it simply began working. You should always check the volume control/mike switch on the headset cord as it is easy to mute the mike by mistake. A few quirks and struggles but this set of phones is very comfortable and offered very detailed good quality audio essential to some of the sophisticated games where you need to listen to what is approaching. At this price it competes with much more expensive wired phones and comes pretty close to top quality in what you hear and how comfy they feel.
