These headphones are Of great quality and are built very well. They come with everything you need to connect to any device wether it be an Xbox, PS4, or a pc. It even includes a USB adapter. So yes finally a headset that works with all. Good sound quality, I have heard better but they are good. What I don’t like though is what really ruin it for me. They are heavy way to heavy and got annoying after 15 minutes for me. Yes the padding reduces outside noises but they are that fake type leather, yep, instant ear and head sweat. Also they should be wireless the cord to me is always in the way. I think they are average but next version should take more into consideration for comfortability and continue the strong build quality.
Setup is simple, my windows 10 PC recognized the set instantly, and getting the G Hub up and running didnt take long at all. The only settings you can adjust are the EQ, but at least they can be saved to the internal memory of the headset, so theyll work on different devices.Music quality is, ok leaning towards barely acceptable. Mic quality is pretty good, it blocks out a fair amount of background noise, and my voice sounded clear playing it back using the built in Windows 10 voice recorder.Games are acceptable, but they lack the precision of better headsets that allow the user to really pinpoint where in game sounds are coming from.While the card in the box says they can be used on gaming consoles, they didnt work properly for me. I tried on my Xbox One with Forza 7. It was as if it was attempting to play back a 7.1 stream, but couldnt find the center channel. So, all that came through was all of the background sounds. No engine noise was present, which is pretty important for a driving game to hear the engine rather than having to look at the tach to shift. Tire squeal and suspension noises were very obvious and sounded fine, but again it was missing the important part. I messed around with both the in game and xbox audio settings, and no matter what I did nothing worked.The ear cushions are comfortable, but the set is a bit on the heavy side for me and after an hour I had to take a break. The leatherette doesnt breathe very well if at all, so the fact that theyre a bit heavy will at least force you to give your neck and ears a rest..
