Works perfectly
I mean there isnt much to say.  It charges the phone.  Anker makes the best stuff
Works fine, but seems not to charge at a very high rate of speed and requires the phone to be wiggle or pushed slightly to be in just the “right” spot to charge. Assuming nicer ones are a better in that regard as well as charging speed. However does the job, can’t complain.
Works well but the charging is relatively slow.  But this is with ALL of these types of devices. I keep it on my night table so of i need to grab my phone when sleeping there are no cords to get caught or tangle up.  Also work well with my airpods to charge the case.
Amazing product charges any type of phone in a very fast amount of time
Love this! Wet it and forget it! Works great!
slow, 2-3x slower than wired.
This is so much more discreet than my old charger.  Its thin, and only has a small LED on it, so its not distracting in a dark room.  This thing is awesome! I use it with a fast charger AC adaptor and it totally rocks!
Works just fine.
Easy  to use & fast charging!
Perfect and simple design. I love how fast it charges my phone along with how the access between the device and my phone is easy to use. Worth the purchase!
I had a different wireless charger and they always chargers very slow but this one is awesome. Also for traveling it is really slim and great for travel.
It works! Its been several months and it hasnt failed. It might not charge quite as fast as a regular charger but thats like the difference between going 70 vs 60 mph when you only need to go 5 miles. It does the job and although its not very big, I wouldnt worry about the phone slipping or anything like that. Once you get it, find a spot you like and all you need to do is put the phone on it. Keep in mind that the phone will be laying flat. If you need to be able to see the screen clearly without interrupting the charge then get one of the wireless chargers that is a stand at a slight incline.
It does what it is supposed to do.
Works perfect!
Works great and is convenient.
Perfect
I really like this charger. I bought it to have at work and plug into my computer without having to be prompted by iTunes to sync my phone. I love that if I want I can easily plug it in to a wall adapter plug. Its not bulky at all and doesnt get in the way. The only "issue" I have with it is that the material wears down or gets dirty easily. Not a big deal but if my phone isnt on it the charging base looks a little tattered.
I was hesitant to buy the Chinese brands because of their reputation on reliability and non-existent customer support. Design is simple and so far charges well w/o any issues.
Easy to use!
I used to charge with my cable and now its all about the wireless. I just drop my phone on the pad and let it charge.  Too bad it doesnt travel as well as a cable.
Works perfectly! Using Samsung S 9
So easy to use, no more finding charging cord for phone
I have 2 of these, 1 out home for charging at night and 1 at my desk at work. They charge fairly fast
Great quality great price
The only issue is that I have to remove my case from my phone to charge it.
Great  product, quick shipping
Overall its good. Does what its advertised. The knock I have for it is that the cord connected to the port randomly has just fallen out. So late at night Ill see that cord detached from the charger every once in awhile. When attached, it works great!
excellent!
Good product!
This is a great charger  Just basically drop my phone on it and good to go.
very reliable
Easy to use
I had an issue with my first order, but then this amazing provider help me trough and now I’m so happy with my charger!!!
I received one as a gift, and found it so useful that I immediately bought another one, since I spend most of my time with my phone at 2 different locations. I never have to plug in my phone to charge it now; I just lay it down on the wireless charger.
Perfect
Used it for two months.  Very tolerant of positioning.  No issues. works like it should.
As advertised
Convenience is unbeatable; also, significantly extends the life of the (fragile) lightning connector
Is a good product I used all the time no complaints
It’s pretty good and the only down side is you have to place the phone just right or else charge won’t occur.
Use for iPhone, does just what I wanted.
This is a great device, much better than corded charging...
This thing is amazing. I almost bought one from my phone provider for a lot more, Im so glad I saw this brand on amazon. Ive been using it since I got it.
Works perfect for my iPhone X, would purchase again
Trusty brand, and good product however it feels light and cheap, it may not survive a fall but charges perfectly.
This charger does a great job charging my iPhone XR - very efficient and doesnt take up too much space. Good value for the money.
I had a problem with my charge pad, but the issue was resolved by working with Anker
Great works great get this
Charges my phone quickly and works well
Great wireless charger. It has a blue light that will flash if your phone is not charging. Works great.
Works on IPhone Xs even with an Otterbox Defender case.
(5/10/2019 Update): So after writing my review of this wireless charger from Anker, they reached out to me and believed that it was a defective unit. Which it was because they sent me a new one and it has not had any problems with the material. Highly recommend this wireless charger because Anker is so great, if you have a problem just reach out to them so they can help. (old Review): This wireless charger works extremely well. Charges my iPhone XS Max. It is a nice size so finding the charging point isn’t a hassle like some other small wireless chargers. However, there is one issue I have with it. I have a red Apple silicone case. Although there are no marks on my case, the material on top of the wireless charger is turning a different color or shedding, something. Not sure if the heat is decaying the material. But other than that it works!
Love it! Ease of use!
I will never by another corded charger cable. This thing works amazing. Charges fast and does not take up a lot of room.  Will definitely be buying more of these. I just bought this again for my office.
Works good time after time. I liked it enough I bought another one
This wireless charger works and charge fast, would recommend it.
Feels sleek also non slip a bit bigger than I thought it would be but I highly recommend didn’t think it would work on my cracked back I phone 8 plus but it did
I bought this because it was not very expensive (around $10) and Ankers well-deserved reputation for quality.  It works very well.  There are other wireless chargers that charge faster, but this is fast enough for me. The only problem is the charging indicator light is very small and difficult to see.  But you can still see it, and as long as your phone is centered on the pad, it will charge. I got one for work and one for travel.  Definitely recommended.
I have purchased three of these chargers and have met all of my expectations.
Awesome,  love it only takes a very short time to charge
What’s still left unsaid? The single best Qi charger by far, handles anything I throw at it. Looking to try the 10w next.
Standard charger. Works as expected. Seems to charge slower than a lightning cord but it may be because of the charger square I’m using.
Ive been using this as my home charger that stays on my night table. I didnt realize that you cant have a phone ring or pop socket or card holder attached to the back of your phone/case in order to use it since it was in the Anker companys instructions but not on Amazon descriptions. Though Im still able to use it because my phone case is 1 part outer rubber and 1 part inner plastic, that I can separate when I want to charge.
Some color change over time but no phone or case damage. Charges well even through a thick case.
This is an excellent product that works great.
Worked as expected for about 4 months and then just quit working. After this review I was contacted by customer service who asked if they could send me a replacement. Received it today and back to wireless charging my iPhone 8. Thanks again and will do business with them again!
This is a great wireless charger for charging your phone overnight. It is not fast by any means, so if you are thinking of using this during the day for a quick charge, this is not the one. When i go to bed, i just put this on and it charges like it is supposed to do. I love the Anker brand so this buy was a no brainer.
I LOVE THIS THING!!! before, I went through so many chargers bc the tips would bend/break over time. I keep by my bed and simply lay down my phone to charge. No plug ins! Its so perfect. Best product Ive bought ALL YEAR!!! I seriously want one for every room in the house and my car! So easy. Would also be great for elderly ppl who have a hard time seeing the plug in, etc.
My charger isn’t working, but Amazon was nice enough to replace it
Nice slim works well
After using this charger for a few months, I decided enough use was achieved to write an informed review.  This charger works great on my wifes S9+ with a case and on my S7 with an Otterbox defender case on it. There are other faster options out there, however, for the price and speed, this units charging capabilities are very respectable. Some people complain it is slow and doesnt fast charge, which at first I agreed. Then I realized it was our fault for not using a fast charge power adapter AND a fast charge compatible USB cable. All cables are NOT created equal, it MUST be fast charge compatible. After making these adjustments, this charger is worth every penny and then some. Once again, Ankor does not disappoint, we own numerous Ankor products and never had problems with them.
Es un poco lento para cargar IPhone X
Came in a sleek package that was easy to open. Instructions were simple enough. "Installation" took mere seconds. Looks sleek on my desk and doesnt particularly add much bulk. From setting your phone down and for it to start to charge is almost instantaneous.
I use it for the LG V70 phone and its great just to plop it on there when Im not using it.  I take a second to center it so that the blue charging indicator lights.  I had a previous phone fail because the USB connector broke, so Im mord likely to have that problem now.  If I could spend more and get one that is part of a stand that would center it automatically, I might buy that one.  Also, it would prevent somebody bumping it off center after I laid it down (Im not naming names.)
Had an issue with my pixel 2 charging port.  This fixed the problem, although I needed an adapter for it, but thats the phones issue.
Nice solution for nightstand table.
Nice exterior design, looks good on any surface, super easy to use. However, the rubber/plastic material picks up dust easily.
Very convenient and works great.
Best purchase I have ever had.  Just drop it on the top and it dings and is charging.  So nice not having to grab your cord and all that at home or frequent charging spots.  Doesnt take up hardly any room and I would buy more.  Works with any phone that has Wireless charging capabilities.
Great charger, works as described
Charges
This product is awesome
This charges an iPhone 8 pretty fast but it’s a little finicky for the phone placement. Sometimes I put the phone on the charger in the correct spot and it will immediately start charging but will stop because the phone placement was a little off which means an almost dead phone the next morning. It’s best to make sure the phone is still charging 5 mins later. Works with an otterbox slim case but not with a pop socket.
Charges my Galaxy S7 in its case just fine, but slightly slower than direct USB charging, which is good. Fast charging is bad for lithium ion batteries. Its better to charge them partially here and there throughout the day than to top them off quickly. This type of charger makes that extremely easy. Wireless charging also keeps the USB port from wearing out prematurely, which is the primary reason I bout this charger. Excellent quality for the price.  Its low profile also makes it a good choice for travel. Note on using wireless hotspot while charging (Verizon Galaxy S7): At first I was curious if the inductive coil in the charger would interfere with the phones radio signals. I tried bluetooth with it on the charger and in worked well, but when I turned on the wireless hotspot I got a "Fatal Error" message. This was very odd and scary. But then I found that if I turned the hotspot on before placing the phone on the charger, it works fine. However charging from empty to full while using wireless hotspot was much slower. It took about 3-4 hours to charge from 12% to 96%. Like I said before. I dont mind this, as it is easier on the battery.
It works as advertised. I trust this brand.
Easy to use
I can feel the tumor growing when its on.  Charges phone well.
Works as advertised. Materials seem sturdy enough. Very easy to use.
I love it
The material build is very nice for the price, I like that there are no obnoxious lights since this is used bedside.  overall great wireless charger that performs well, is cheap, and looks/feels nice.
I use this for travel. It works perfectly with my iPhone XR. You do have make sure your case supports wireless charging though.
Works as described; charges pretty fast. Consistently accompanies me on travel
Same insensitivity to placement and charging speed (S8 Active with a fairly thick TPU case) as Samsung pads, with nice discrete charging indicator light that is bright enough to see at a glance without being so bright that bedside use required  covering it with a sock.  10/10
Using on Samsung Galaxy8 note, works very well, takes up little space. I put phone on it overnight, in morning all set for a couple days. Does not do fast charge would be only down side.
The company reached out and sent me a different charger that works much better and I would say the customer service is amazing! It’s cool to have a wireless charger so you don’t leave your phone plugged in all night long but it’s not cool to put your phone on the charger and have it be dead in the morning. Super frustrating it happens most nights, I put my phone on it without the case because with it, it won’t charge and the blue light comes on signaling that it’s charging but when I get up in the morning it’s completely dead. Also the anti slip grip sucks if you have and iPhone XS Max.
Easy to use and setup
The only downside is this product is super sensitive on where you have to place your phone for it to charge. And it doesn’t work with if you have a super bulky case or a pop it on the back.
I have to wiggle my phone for a good 30 seconds before the sensor in the charger finds the phone and triggers it to turn on. Same with my partners phone; I have an S6 samsung and she has the S9. It works, but I was expecting something more convenient, I could just plug my phone into a wire faster and more reliably than this charger finds my phone. At least Im not wearing out the USB port on my phone as much.
The first wireless charging pad I received did not work properly. I usually charge my phone at night and charging would randomly stop in the middle of the night which often left me with a phone that was not fully charged in the morning. After contacting the customer support regarding the issue, they sent me a replacement charger within two days. The replacement charger has been working great with no issues at all. If your charger does not work as expected, just contact customer support.
Update:  the problem was with my phone not the charger!  Changed my rating to 5 stars for their great customer service. I purchased this on 02/19 and it worked fine until 04/05 when it stopped charging. Disappointed!
Charge my iPhone,great job works great.
cool product, but charges slowly. takes longer to charge than a standard USB mini or type C. lower current due to the induction process
This is a nice wireless charger for my iPhone Xs.  Its not particularly pretty to look at, but it works.  Im busy working on making a wood-based holder for it in my workshop that will dress it up nicely.
I liked the size
Works great with my otterbox case but after i put a magnet for a car mount inbetween my phone and case it would no longer charge with the wireless charger
I bought this charger after purchasing a different one that did not work with a popsocket on my iPhone XS Max . This charger has no issues with that! My only complaint is that it charges a bit slow.
Very nice one ... like it too much
Great product.
Sometimes you set it on and it doesn’t charge. Has to be set at the perfect angle. Good when it does charge though!
This charger is great for charging at home or on the go.  I almost dont know that its a charger.  It charges just as fast as a lightning charger.  I use a longer charging cable for it, but it works great.  It came as described and on time.
I keep this charging pad at my desk at work and use it to charge my iPhone 8. It charges faster than using the regular iPhone block, but not as fast as the big iPad one. And as I’m constantly running around, it makes it easy to grab my phone quickly and dash out to a project or a meeting without second thought. One thing to note is that you do need to position your phone correctly or it won’t charge (blue light will go on) so always do a quick check. Overall, really happy with this device.
Works Great! Still charging to this day (almost a year as of this review).
Great charger, small size and at a great price.
Love
Charges great, easy to use, no issues whatsoever...and a great price.
Got this for my boyfriends iPhone XR and it works great! It charges his phone through the phone case as well!
Very nice product
Very satisfied with this product.
Are use it when watching TV
low profile and easy to use has worked flawless since purchase I put my LG thinq7 on it wish a folio case in the dark with no problem always charged when I get up
Works as advertised
Use it mainly in my car but works anywhere.
We LOVE the convenience of this easy to use iPhone charger! You just lay the phone on the pad, and the phone charges (given a phone with that capability, such as the iPhone 8). And, this avoids wearing out the lightning connector on the phone, which are prone to failure. The price is VERY reasonable - I think we have bought 4 of these now, so we have them distributed in convenient locations. So much less expensive than buying them in a phone store. One problem which the manufacturer needs to address: The back of the iPhone is so slick, and the top surface of the charger pad is also so slick, that the phone will slide off on its own, and will stop charging, or even fall on the floor. A simple fix to this could be just to put a little texture on the top surface of the charger pad to give is some grip. There is no benefit to it being slick. Other than this minor complaint, I would highly recommend this charger. We will probably buy more of them in the future, if the price stays reasonable.
Great company.  Shipped me new unit immediately.  Convenient and economical.
Happy with my purchase.
It does what it is supposed to do and charges my Note 9 great.  I like that it only has a small light indicating that it is on so it does not illuminate the entire room at night.  When I put my phone on it for charging, it covers the light and allows everything to stay dark in the room.
Use to charge phone at work. I no longer plug my phone in. These are awesome. Fast charging.
Very nice product
Good
I love these chargers. My kids no longer steal my cable!
Gift
Like
Anket is an awesome company
This wireless charger is easy to use and charges my iPhone X Max really quick. I purchased it after using my friends wireless charger and decide to have a go at it. Definitely recommend for anyone and everyone
Easy to use and install
i have an iphone X and this works great. holds phone is place when charging which is nice. charges just fine. light comes on to let you know its charging or not.
Me agrado mucho es súper practico y fácil de usar
This charger was just ok lucky it wasnt that expensive the charging is really slow when my s9+ needs to be charged I would rather use the charger that came with my phone an example when my phone is at 20% it usually takes between an hour to an hour and a half for it to charge with this charger it could take as long as seven hours to fully charge o dont take this charger with me I only use it if I have too
Loved the idea of this item, actually worked well for a few months but then died and could use it anymore. But cheap enough that wasn’t a big deal!
Great
After having two phones in a row break their charging ports of the mother boards I decided to go induction charging.  These work great, and have a nice, soft light to indicate current charging.  Ease of use depends on the phone being used.  Our LG phones have a battery that is JUST lower than center, so you have to learn to put the phone on the pad about 4mm lower than you naturally think.
Wish you could use a normal adapter, not one of the larger ones. Cord it comes with is very short.
Love it! Works great! Just ordered the phone stand model and expect it to work just as well just like all other Anker products I have ever owned including battery packs, cords, multi port chargers for car and home. Reviews stating a bad product must have just gotten a bad one which no matter what will happen from time to time. Based on my experience with Anker products I cant imagine they wouldnt make it right however being all the products I have ever used from them I have never had an issue so no experience with their return/replacement policies and procedures.
Great value doesn’t get warm, place phone on top and it charges! How cool is that. iPhone XS
Liked it so much I bought second one for the nightstand
This is on my desk at work, keeping my phone charged all day. A great product that is inexpensive and quality. Highly recommended product.
I use this for my Galaxy S8 by my bedside for overnight charging cause I dont like having to deal with cords, and it looks pretty sleek. It works as expected, albeit a little show, but its not advertised as a fast charger. I actually dont prefer it for traveling just cause its a little bulkier than a cord to carry, but other than that its great! Works well with several phone cases Ive had on my galaxy, including a really bulky double insulated one.
Wife loves it.  Doesn’t work well with my case. I have a case hold cards or cash I have to take out to charge or remove my case to charge with risk fall and break if cat or kids around
Works well even through my QuadLock case.
Awesome/cheap charger! Bought two of them. Would buy again.
Great product.
Easy to use don’t have to plug the cord into the iPhone but I always forget to charge my phone because it’s hard to play while charging
I love the slim profile of this product. It can charge anything from iPhone to Samsung. However there are a few things I dont love about it: 1. Its hard to tell if your phone is charging. There is a teeny tiny indicator light on the top which is usually blocked by... yknow... the phone thats sitting on top of it. An indicator light on the side or a light band around the outer ring might have been better 2. Its pretty slow at charging. Cant really blame Anker for this as the technology for fast + slim wireless charging is just not here yet 3. You have to align the phone just right to get a charge, and it;s not always clear where. Too high or low and youll miss it. It seems like for iPhone you almost have to perfectly balance it on the center. Ive also noticed sometimes if its slightly off, it wont charge but the phone will get very very hot. I cant imagine thats a good sign but it hasnt caused any actual problems yet
Worth for money. Nice product for iPhone to charge wireless.
Absolutely love it - bought this to keep on my desk at work.  Its the only charger I every use, other than when I plug it into my car for carplay.  It gets used 5-6 days per week and has been excellent
Props to Anker support. Mine stopped working after about 10 months, and they replaced it after just a short email exchange. I liked the charger and am happy to have it again.
Works perfectly! Fast charging with iPhone X
Perfect for usage
It obviously is only a 5-watt charger and is a bit slow on iPhone XS, but it works well, and the price was amazing when I bought.
Well made and very useful.
This has been sturdy and reliable. Its really convenient -  I never thought I would really want one, but its actually great! Especially recommended for kids or others who tend to destroy USB ports.
Nice buy. It works well.
the only problem i have with this charger is that it doesn’t charge through cases, but if i take my case of my phone slides off because the top is a little slick. this could just be a me problem, and could work better for other people.
7 months after receiving my charge I had an issue with it not charging. I emailed Anker and after answering a few questions they sent me a new charger. Easy Peasy! No hassle, no haggle. Just great customer service. I am a customer for life!
Good quality
Does what it is designed to do, nothing more nothing less
I use it to charge my S9 and it works fine...not fast but its ok
GOOD
Works Just fine and have been using since last year.. BUT Highly recommended to check 7.5W version of it. same price same product but faster speed.I have Iphone Xs max and it charges pretty good. The charging speed is slow because its just 5W, but i only use at night while sleeping so speed does not bother me. Good product with good price.
Got this for my workspace so I can leave my phone to charge while I work. Easy to use and works as expected. Great price.
This works fine for my iPhone 8. It doesn’t charge as fast as a cord and if you bump it (say on a bed stand) it’ll stop charging but it works well and doesn’t over heat my phone etc... I use this for charging most of the time for 3 months now ..
Product takes a long time to charge but works
Fast charging! However the phone must be directly in the center of pad to work. I’ve walked away a few times to come back with a dead phone still.
This is easy to charge phone on and works great.
Nightstand charger works great since you just place phone on it. Blue light let’s you know it’s charging. Easy-peasy!
I wouldnt say that it works perfectly because you have to reposition the phone sometimes to get it to start charging but its not to the point where it is annoying. this may happen 1 or 2 out of 10 times that I place it on there.
I purchased this to charge my wireless charging Airpods case. It works if you set it directly in the center of the pad. If you dont place just right, however, the product does not charge. It also works well with both my iPhone 8 and iPhone X even with thin phone cases.
Works great on my iPhone 8.
Awesome
This is an excellent charger. It’s my first wireless charger so I don’t have any experience with another one to compare it to but it works as advertised. I am able to charge my phone while it is in a thin otter box case and pop socket.
He got a new phone at work and he likes that he does not have to plug it in to charge it. His old phone would get lint in the port and would not charge. Now he can lay it down and charge it. Problem solved. He has been using this for a few months and it has worked fine. He really likes it.
I’ve had one of these for 6 months now and it’s awesome especially for the price. Just bought another one. Can’t go wrong with Anker I have several of their products and they are all good.
So far the charger has performed perfectly. Easy to set up and use. Plugged into usb on wall outlet no issues.
Very weak. But charges all phones. I use it when I forget my charger places. Just a weak back up
I have this on my nightstand and it works great to charge my iPhone each night.
This charger works great. It charges fast and love the fact I don’t have to keep plugging and unplugging my phone charger cord every time I want to use it. Highly recommend!!!
Great for charging but the phone has to be in a place on it to charge
Cómodo y carga sin problema, tiene problemas con algunos case que no le permiten cargar, por suerte el mío no tiene ese problema
Works with note 9 with OtterBox defender. No problems at all.
Anker is simply great!
Mainly bought this because someone else said it worked through a case with a pop socket and it sure did! Had to do just a little bit of positioning to get it right but it works! My case isn’t very thick it’s a clear spec case on a XR
It charges well but phones will get warm from use.  Using it for travel is a little awkward since its round but thats every current wireless charger in the market.  The cable that comes with it could be a little but longer, but it works and the only concern is how warm devices can become.
Charges phone slowly. I’ve tried different wall connectors (even the larger one for an iPad) and it still takes a long time to charge.
Works great
I got this to put set into my night stand so I can just set my phone down and everything is flush. As long as you keep your plexiglass or whatever you use kinda thin works great.
I bought this for myself, but my wife hijacked the device after using it and falling in love with the ease of this product.  I ordered a different brand for myself and after a month, think I need to suck it up and order another of these.  This one sits flat, the other device has an angle and my phone slides off easily and it will not charge with a popsocket. I would highly recommend getting this device for wirelessly charging your devices!
People swear by the Anker brand and now I see why. This was affordable and it woks AOK!
With a little bit of research, you’ll learn that this isn’t going to work well with a knockoff usb wall plug.  I have had no issues using my 12w iPad plug with this pad.  We own two and the other is plugged into an anker 20w, working perfectly.
Love it
I originally really liked this product. The charging was slower than the lightening cord, but ultimately it was convenience that kept me using this charger. Unfortunately, its been about 3 months since I purchased it and it no longer charges properly. Ill put the phone on the charger overnight and it will indicate that it is charging, but in the morning the LED light is no longer on and the phone hasnt charged at all. Im not sure if this is common among these devices, but it was extremely disappointing. UPDATED REVIEW: 1/6/19 The company was prompt in reaching out to me about my defective device and even provided a new, upgraded model which arrived today. It works perfectly so far. Thank you for great customer service!
Love it
Ive been using this thing every day for almost 6 months and while it shows signs of wear, it still works perfectly. If it broke, I would buy another.
Its by my bed and easy to just lay the phone down before I sleep one problemo is wont lie flat with a pop socket
Excellent product
It connects very well for its price. Yet stable and convenient
My first charger did not work well.  The company reached out to me and replaced it.  The replacement charger does an excellent job.  I just need to be careful about centering my 8s on it.
Needs a charger for wall Charger -> coord -> wireless charger Old wireless charger wouldnt charge my new phone (charges old phone fine) Works great
I love this charger! Its so easy to just plop my phone down and have it start charging!! Totally worth it!!
Bought it as a gift for my husband he loves to use it. Plan on getting one for myself. Small and portable.
Great product and dont have to deal with plugging the phone in
My husband loves this. It works even with his thickets case.
What a convenient accessory. I love this charger for the newer iPhones!  It’s great to just lay my phone down on the charges and that’s it!  No more messing with plug-ins that constantly seem to wear out or break.
Doesnt charge the I-Phone as quickly as Apples version, but does work. Sometimes you have to finagle where the phone sits on the charger in order for it to charge.
Works like a charm.  Love the convenience of just laying it down on the pad.
It works
Really good charger, easy to install, and just plug to a usb cable. The only "problem" that is kind of slow to charge.
Works fine
Great wireless charger for the Price... Anker products never disappoint 
for connivence and fast charge
Very good product always works well from Anker
Liked it so much I’m going to order another one
I love anker products. This works as I’d expect. Not too sure about how fast it charges. This was just to put around the house for friends visiting or if my phone gets low.
Amazing product very easy to use and I prefer it over a normal charger!
Put your phone on it and b! It charges
Does a great job exactly as advertised.
One of the cheaper wireless chargers I saw and it works just as described. The small blue LED has never been bothersome and is easy to cover with your phone if you want. I havent traveled with it but it is certainly thin and light enough. It didnt come with a USB wall plug but I have a bunch of those.
However, the company was VERY apologetic and replaced the item promptly w/out any questions.  My second one is working wonderfully and I would still recommend this item.
Easy to use. Charges fast
I used this with a 12w apple charger and it charges my iPhone XR.  It works just as advertised.
The product arrived on 11/8 and died within 4 months of normal use. I’ve tried swapping out USB cables and adapters and plugs, all with no fix. The blue light on the side suddenly stopped turning on mid charge one day and won’t turn back on. The product is pretty well priced, but just be prepared that it might not last very long. Update: After contacting customer service, I was sent another unit that is working, so thumbs up for customer service!
Simple purchase and easy to use
I purchased this charger and was experiencing slow charge times for my galaxy s9 plus. After commenting Anker contacted me and helped me swap what mightve been a damaged device. The new device works great! 10/10 would buy Anker products again.
Although I returned this particular model, I have received a new one to replace it. The new one is more powerful in regards to it charging ability than this one. The model I returned was rated at 5W whereas the model I have now is rated at 7.5-10W. It performs excellently in charging my iPhone Xs Max through its cover. This new one is made and sold by AnkerDirect as well. When they learned of my difficulty, they reached out to me from their customer service dept. I cannot remember when I have ever encountered a more responsive and caring customer service than AnkerDirects. Purchase any of their products with complete confidence that if there is an issue, they will take excellent care of you in resolving your issue to your satisfaction. When I need a device like they manufacture, AnkerDirect will be the first place I look.
Excellent. Non-slip, excellent chargers. Elegant, they don’t take up a lot of space. Charges our iPhone X and XS great. Just note, you have to buy a charger (min 2A) additionally.
Love this charger. So simple to use - just lay your phone on it and it charges. There is no set up involved. Highly recommend it.
Good
The charge rate on this thing is clearly not to par. I love Anker but this charger sucks. I have other wireless chargers, around the same price point, that charge way faster than this one. Sadly disappointed. EDIT: I bought the wrong charger for my phone. This is the lower power option (5w) and Anker sent me the higher power option (10w) to correct my mistake. Love dealing with Anker and will continue to buy their products, thank you.
We have three phones (two Galaxy S9s and an iPhone 8) that use this technology. What a breakthrough!! We keep this on the kitchen counter so everyone can use it as needed. It charges at about 5% every 10 minutes. Perfect for topping off while cooking, eating, or just watching TV in the next room It doesnt seem to be particularly sensitive to alignment, and charges through the cases.
Works good.  Doesnt work on iPhone 6 though.
It’s been over 90 days since the purchase and the charger works perfect. No issues.
I owned this for about four months having no problems with it, but now it only works if you push the micro USB cable at a certain angle. Now its useless. Update: Anker contacted me about the situation and sent me a new charger before I could even reply to their message. Extremely good custom service!!
Easy use. Bedtime charging on night stand
I have used the Anker ultra-slim wireless charger for about a week, and so far I am very happy with it.  As long as you remember to center it, the charger works very well and charges pretty quickly.  I have a modest Otter Box case on it (not the Defender but the notch below), and I have not had any problems charging it.  I have the good fortune of having a power outlet with built-in USB ports, but I could understand one being frustrated in not having a power adapter.  That said, this uses the Firewire prong standard amongst a lot of phones/tablets/etc., so finding one should not be a problem nor should it be expensive.  That I can tell, Anker makes good products at a good price point.
My second time buying the same thing frkm Amazon. This is a great charger.
Plug and play, great charger. Fantastic customer service from the seller when I had a minor issue.
Great product! Have one in every room
Anker offers quality product and great customer service. For this particular wireless charger, I would recommend the stand up wireless charger versus this flat one. Easier to access. Other than that, I think anker makes good items.
Works even though thick cases, I even had no problems with a thick aluminum case! Takes a bit longer than a cable, but LG doesnt support quick wireless charge anyways. Still more convenient than a cable! And price was on point!
Great product. Charges slow.
Using it to charge a Note8 and a IphoneXR. Both phones charge perfect on the pad, nothing feels hot to the touch. All around a great wireless charger. I have many Anker branded chargers and cables and they are my favorite. Good price great customer service. Wouldnt hesitate to recommend this to anyone or quite honestly all Anker products to everyone I know.
I bought this because I like to listen to my earphones at night and my iPhone 8 doesn’t allow both a charger and earphones.  Originally I wanted to use it in the camper but now I am using it at home too. I’ve also dropped it at least 20 times and it still works. I would not recommend rough handling.  I bought some of these for Christmas presents for people that had everything.
A must have for Galaxy owners
It worked flawlessly with my iPhone X and I appreciate indicator being a low-light. But the charger wouldnt work on my Apple Watch, which was a little disappointing.
Love being able to come home and just set my phone down without wrestling with the cord.
This thing us fast very thin so its not knocked off ( cats) .
Just received this and it seems to work great. The only thing is I didnt realize how short the cord was going to be. Thats the only downfall but love the convenience of it.
The quality is good and very easy to use.
Nice design  and function
Nice small size. Charges my phone fast.
Cool
I was worried about minimal wasting energy by using contact charging, but evidence for this seems to be hard to find. Very convenient and a product that makes you feel like you are living in the future. The light is just the right intensity to be useful without being obtrusive in my application - bedroom night stand.
Works great
LOVED everything about this product. I can charge my phone without a USB cord. Its small and thin.
Very good
Stays on my desk so I put my phone on it there. Stays charged!
Makes charging easy. It is also a fast charger. Travels easy.
Perfect items this is the second one I ordered
Using it since last six months Just great quality
Its an okey Wairless charger; nothing to be excited about and not that bad too
This is the best thing ever. No more wires
Wish it can with an A/C adapter.
Ive had this wireless charger for about a month, and I do not have any major complaints. For the price, one cannot complaint, but do not expect too much either. The charger does its job albeit slow,  however its compact nature allows one to take it on the go. In conclusion the product does the bare minimum, but for the price it is worth it.
I love Anker products, but t this one seems a little finicky when it comes to where the phone is place. UPDATED 1/14/19: Anker has amazing customer service and they contacted me to resolve the problem (which the device worked, just not up to my expectations). I love that I can always buy with confidence from this company
Its a must
You cannot beat this wireless charger for desk/table top use.  Way cheaper than what I found in stores and charges my iPhone XR quickly without having to fumble for the cord.
Anker always has great products and this hold true for this wireless charger. Works with my case and has a nice non slip surface.
Plugged in and worked right away. Pretty fast charge and like the low profile.
Much better than the one I got from Verizon in a bundle. The phone lines up much much easier compared to the other where I would have to put it down just right. The charging time seems normal which is not an issue.
Small. Really nice. I really like having it at the office. Very easy to use.
I trust Anker and this product is no exception. Good Qi Charging pad for the iPhone. It works and its reliable. what more do you need?
Whenever I shop for any electronic gadget I gravitate to anything made by Anker because their quality is second to none.  I just needed a wireless charger for my Samsung S8+ and jumped on this one as soon as I saw who made it.  As usual I was not disappointed.  I just lay my phone on top of the charger and a little blue LED comes on at the side to let me know it is charging.  I have a really sturdy case on this phone and this poses no problem at all for this charger.  It recharges my phone very quickly to 100% every time.  There are lots and lots of Qi chargers out there to choose from but I can promise you if you get an Anker branded one you are simply getting the best.
I use this at work. It stays plugged in on my desk. Works great!! And fast!!
Works well and fast!!
Its a little finicky about phone placement on it.  Ive had a few mornings where Ive woke up to an uncharged battery as I didnt have it placed correctly on the pad.  I suppose thats not the chargers fault, however!
Slim and very convenient
I have this by my bed. Its unobtrusive and I actually have the cable running under a lamp, so it kind of just looks like a coaster. Its nice to be able to pick the phone up and put it down in the dark or with my eyes half shut. A short beep and buzz lets you know its positioned correctly. I was worried the blue LED (generally a terrible idea in the bedroom) would be annoying, but, its actually very dim, so Ive never felt its been a problem (and Im very sensitive to light in the bedroom). And, if you rotate the phone, you can cover the LED and still charge.
So many options out there... this works great and costs less... buy it.
This charger is perfect! I use it bedside because if I need to look at my phone I no longer need to unplug it. Super happy I found this product. By the way, it was recommended by at my local Apple store by my sales guy as a great alternative to the more expensive one they sell at Apple.
Works well, good construction. -1 start because I often have to position my phone right in the middle for the charging to start. I would have given it 5 stars if it were a little bigger.
Bought several
Works great
I have owned two of these chargers for about 4 months.  They have worked very well.  Although these are not fast chargers, there has not been any problems charging my Samsung Galaxy S9 phones. They now have a newer model that reportedly provides a fast charge for the Samsung Galaxy S9, which I have not tried.
My only gripe is with the micro usb cable that comes with the pad. It did not hold up well and I tossed the cable within 1 month of use. My old phn cable works much better. Pad has been used daily for about 6 months, no issues.
Works perfectly with my iPhone XR. It’s Fairly large in diameter which makes it easy just to use it as a place to sit my phone. Smaller ones you tend to have to be more precise with how you place the phone on it to keep it from sliding off. So far I’ve not had any problems with the phone charging. I’m very happy with it
Works great with the Iphone 8 with a case.  Had a Blue LED light to let you know that the phone is on the charger correctly and charging the phone.  Note it does NOT come with the wall adapter but I just used the one that came with my iphone and it works perfectly.
Nothing to say
Bought for iPhone 8 with life proof case
Works wonderful. Should be told there’s no plug included.
Love this company and all their products
Love this. So convenient to use!
Like it
UPDATE:  I was contacted by Anker after my poor review and they made it right.  They asked me a couple of trouble shooting questions and I tried what they asked and the unit still did not work properly.  Without hesitation, they sent me a new unit.  I will definitely use Anker products again with such great customer service. Ive had it a month and last night it stopped working. Very disappointed.
Anker has always been my go to for charging devices. This is another great quality product. The charging pad is durable and sleek. The only reason I knock 2 stars is because the 3 foot cable that comes with is just way too short. There should be a longer cord because the standard is too short to reach most places with this device. Update: Customer service sent me a longer 6’ cord free of charge that definitely makes using the wireless charging pad a breeze to use in most locations. Between their superior quality and excellent customer service, Anker is the way to go!
I dont need to plug my phone anymore.  Such a great tool. It charges my phone really fast. I love it....
Excelente
Works great. Very convenient.
It would be nice if it came with wall charger
Recently upgraded my phone so I decided to purchase this charger. Absolutely love it. It works with my case also
No problems using this with a Note S9 and an ArmadilloTek case. Its a little more picky about where you place the phone with the case on but it does work. Make sure to read the item description, this came without a USB cable and wall plug when I ordered it.
work perfect with my iPhone XS very nice and neath and the price was perfect
Works great.  Love this charger.  I did have a problem a few months after I bought this, the company was great to work with and sent a replacement right away which has worked fine.  I highly recommend products from this company.
Charges slow
Good
I love Anker products, the only reason I gave 4 stars is because its not fast charge. But as of every thing else its exactly whats expected from Anker
Nice to be able just to lay the phone on the pad to charge. Really like this.
Nice
We liked hers so much that I bought one.  Only thing I will mention is that if your phone holder is too bulky, it will show charging at times and it won’t be.  There’s only one light on the top that will tell you if it’s charging or not, and if you’re not careful and cover it up, your phone will ping as though it’s charging, and unless you see that the light is solid, you won’t know for sure.  But as I previously stated, sometimes it shows a false charging light.
Works great. Surprisingly powerful enough to charge a phone in a case with a pop-socket on...
Seller sent replacement and its working great, seller offer to send new one free of charge and its working great. Thanks.
I love it and use it every night.
Easy to set up and use. I feel that it charges better with the apple charging block I use to charge my iPad with.
Working great
Great Quality product! it somehow shipped without a cable, just the pad so I called Anker and they overnighted a new cable for me. Great American customer service 10/10 super convenient for charging your phone.
Ok waited 2 months before I wrote this review this charger works great charge is fast enough for me to never notice how long it’s taking I love it and you will too
Looks great and works great with my iPhone XR. I like that the led indicator isnt too bright. It nice and low-key. Just make sure NOT to use the apple charging brick with it. I had an old Samsung brick with an output rating of over 2 amps so I used it. If you do not have one, I would suggest buying one from this brand.
This is the only one that works well for all our devices - Samsung S6, S7, Note 8 and Note 9.  My Note 9 has a thick credit card caseon it, and it charges fine without heating up.  This is the second one that I purchased.  It is compact enough to keep in my travel backpack.
I purchased one for our home for Christmas and it is great. It charges our Samsung phones and tablets. It takes longer than a samsung charger but it still charges good. Am about to buy 2 more because they are so convenient.
Works great on my sons IPhone XR.  So easy to use
Beautiful slimline design, quick and easy to plug in and charged my iPhone X no problem. You can position the phone at any angle on the pad and it will still charge fine - perfect for just dropping your phone onto the pad without much thought.
Love this. I have it on my desk for work so I can charge my phone while using the headphones to listen to music. Works even with my otter box symmetry case. I have iphoneX . Only bad thing is the cord is a little short and only comes with cord and not a wall plug.
Great work well
I have bought one and I loved it so I bought another one for my office No heating problems Slim with Charging indicator
Works great
Works great, no problems.
Works great! I love being able to set my phone down on my night stand before bed and not have worry about messing with chords or plugging my phone in.
Great product
This is the best wireless charger I’ve ever used. Fast charging even through a thick phone case.
12/2018 Bought "Wireless Charger, Anker Qi-Certified Ultra-Slim Wireless Charger Compatible iPhone Xs Max/XS/XR/X/8/8 Plus, G". Works perfectly with my iphone 10.
Great product
I love this charger. I have had some that wouldnt charge trough any type of accessory cases , but this one works with the ones I have!!!!!!!!!!
When I first got this, I wasnt impressed. However, once I remembered I needed to remove my case that has a magnet in it to charge - I love it. It charges my phone quick.
Works great
Easy to set up and charges my phones with no problems
Great wireless chargers and no problem with thicker case
Good product for traveling
Works like a charm.  Does not get hit.  Fast charge **********
I have an otter box protecting phone.  I no longer have to wrestle with opening it to plug charger in.  It has worked flawlessly since Ive used it.  Place phone on it when I go to bed.  Fully charged when I wake up.
Charges iPhone Xs Max great, looks great, slim, no issues with placing the phone into a sweet spot, just place it anywhere. Did not work on iPhone 6s, but thats the usual situation, if the charger works on older phones, it doesnt work on newer ones, and vice versa. Use with a wall charger from Anker too, like Anker Dual USB Wall Charger, PowerPort II 24W -- it has 2 connections for powering 1 or 2 devices.
Charges fast
I received this product on January 6th 2019 and have been using it about 2x a week since. As of yesterday March 13th it does not work. It worked great for the 2 months I had it and never had issues but over night it died and not sure why. I’d like to have a replacement but not sure how to get in contact with the seller. Good product until it decided not to work anymore.
I hadnt tried a charger like this before. Before it was always plugging the cord into the phone. Now I just lay my phone on the charging pad and it starts charging. It even works with my Otter Box case on my phone even though I have to have the phone in a more centered position on the charging pad. I liked it so much, I bought one for my wife.
Read that this would work charging my phone with a pop socket attached and I can verify it does. I have a galaxy s8 plus with a Spigen Liquid Air Armor case and a all plastic pop socket attached on the center back of the case. I will note that the phone has to be placed on the very center of the charger with the pop socket in the middle for it to work. If its off center at all it will not charge. So happy to be able to charge my phone again wirelessly.
Easy and portable
Nice sleek look! works with my otter box on. Very happy!
Works great! Easy to travel with.
I got this on a whim. I have an S8 and often charge my phone at my home office desk, by my bedside, and when I travel for work. I thought that reducing the clutter around my desk would be a good thing so I found this wireless charger. First, lets be clear, there is still a cord needed to run from a block to the charger, but the included micro-USB cord is shorter than most charging cords meaning there is less to hang all over the place.  Once its plugged in (and the small blue light goes on indicating that it has power) all you need to do is place your wireless charger ready phone on the pad and BAMM! Its drawing power. I was worried that it would charge slower than I wanted but so far the charging speed seems on par with a wired connection (USB C). I have an Otter Box on my phone and it seems to charge just fine through the case. I took it on a four day trip and it was really nice to set it up next to my bed at the hotel and just plop the phone down on it at the end of the day. Having said all of that there are two gripes I have. The first isnt actually the reason for the 4 not 5 star review since the instructions clearly say that it wont work if you have a pop-socket or magnetic plate on the back of the phone. I have the plate on which means that I need to take the case/plate off to charge it. Again, this is not the reason for dropping the star. While this comes with the pad and the micro-USB cord it does not come with a block. I have now purchased a few things that come with cords but not blocks and I simply dont get it. Do manufacturers think we have an infinite number of blocks sitting around just waiting for new peripherals?  This seems short-sighted. To recap - works well, charges fast, easy to use, works through an Otterbox, solid build (travel solid), doesnt come with a USB block. I would purchase this again (in fact I might just to have one at the desk, one by the bedside, and one for travel)
All you have to do is plug it in and rest your phone (front facing up) on it to make it charge. Its awesome! It doesnt charge as fast as a normal charger, but it works.
I have had this product for a few days and have had no issues.  It works amazingly well with my iPhone XS Max.  The old wireless charger I had my phone had to be perfectly positioned on it and if my dog bumped my night stand while sleeping or myself the phone would be knocked off the perfect position to be charged.  This charger chargers my phone when it is just basically tossed onto the charger.  The area of coverage for the charger is very superior to other chargers!  I am very satisfied with this product and would recommend it to other people that use wireless chargers!
Excellent! Faster than I thought it would be.
So far great charger
I was Pleasantly surprised with the charger For the money never had used one before this is very easy to use our use it with my phone case on it charges fast and easy I love not having to fumble looking for my cord and putting it in my phone in the dark
Stopped working after about 2 months.  Company sent me  another one that’s still working so I updated my review to 4 starts
Much like everything else Ive ever gotten from Anker, it is fantastic and just works. I do have to take off my case to charge my phone, but it works great once I do. :)
Good quality and easy to setup
Use it every day and it works great.
Great product
Received as a gift. It worked for 3 weeks then stopped working. But customer service was great and offered a replacement!
Purchased this to use with the wireless charging on my iPhone 8 plus.  I have an Otterbox Defender case on. Works good with it. I put the my phone on it and it charges. It doesnt  come with an adapter, but I have several around the house. It does take a while to reach a 100 % charge, so I usually do the charging overnight.
The unboxing experience is—as expected—satisfying. I like the material quality of the wireless charger. It also works as expected. The first unit I got became did not charge my phone as fast as I had expected so I contacted Anker and they sent me a replacement unit that works well. Customer support: excellent.
Anker makes good products when it comes to charging and this wireless charger is no exception. I bought 2 of these for a table behind my couch and recessed them into it. The blue charging led is visible but not overpowering. The charger recognizes our iPhones and starts charging right away. It’s efficient. Overall I would purchase more if I needed them. The one down side is that the charger is USB powered, but it doesn’t come with a wall to usb adaptor. The adaptor required needs to produce 2 amps for the charger. The original iPhone wall adaptors do not work since they only produce 1 amp output. So -1 star for not including the adaptor. If I could give half stars it would be a 4.5
I bought this Anker charging disk after reading many positive reviews. It works really well with my iPhone 8 in a thick billfold style case. I have usb cables at my work desk and living room chair. It is easy to carry this to work in my office anfd then to the living room in the evening.The woman
work as expected
Works well charging my iPhone XR through case, but the pad has discolored a bit with about 2 months use.
Very simple to setup. I’m not the biggest fan of matte finish but it certainly won’t stop me from using it. With the Anker power brick I have it charges a decent rate. Even charges while I have a Commuter Otterbox and Pop Socket on at the same time! It has to be in a specific spot to charge, but the fact it still can is a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Excellent! Charges with case and pop-socket with my S9+!!
Great product
UPDATE 03/01/2019. From 1 star to 5 stars ANKER reached out and offered me a better unit. Great customer service and follow up. They really stand behind their products ------- I dont know I think I have a bad unit. Phone doesnt charge using the base wireless charging....WIll contact the seller but really bad product.
Really liked the charger.  Bought it for iphone xs!
I initially used the wrong charging block and was informed by Anker on which one to use. Works fine now with iPhone case on the phone. Thanks
Love the ease of this. Works great and very happy with charge speed.
This product works wonderfully. I was informed by the product’s team that an IPad ChArging hub works much better than a regular iPhone or usb cube. Once I have learned this I have had no issues regarding this product. Charges quickly, and is reliable especially since I use this wireless charger over night while I’m sleeping. The team is a great help and I’m happy to finally have a wireless charger that works!
Anker know how to make great looking and durable chargers for all kinds of phones out there , the best part is that the pad is slim and supports almost all major phone manufacturers , note that this charger is not a fast charger it’s the standard one so if you want to get the fast chager one you need to purchase the 7.5 fast charger one from Anker
This is a follow-up review. It appears the first one I received was a dud and charged very slow, (think 20-25% battery charge in one-hour!). Anker was quick and kind enough to send a unit replacement. The second one definitely charges faster. Just make sure phone is at a correct angle and that the light is green. If not your phone is not charging. Either theres metal between phone and charger or your phone case is not compatible. Best case scenario would be removing the phone case and just connect phone to wireless charger directly. Overall Im satisfied with this purchase.
I paid a reasonable price for this
Really easy to use; I can pretty much put this charger anywhere. Only problem was USB cable that came with charger pad did not work. I just replaced with another random cord.
Great item love it
I keep this plugged in on my kitchen counter and park my phone when Im not carrying it around. Makes it easy to not run down the battery.
I phone 8, I can’t use headphones and charge at the same time, until now!  I have also found Anker is as good of quality as Apple and it has a much better price point.
Works great
Good product , but it is small in size to fit phone on it
This is only my second Anker product I own and I am pretty impressed about the quality of the products so far.  I do not believe that this will be my last product by this company as well.  I received this product as a anniversary present and I was excited to set this up and begin using it.  My first attempt at using it, I charged my new iPhone XR on it from about 75%-90% and wanted to see if it got hot (mostly because I was looking into the one with the internal cooling fan).  When I first took it off, it felt a little bit hot.  I do not know if I was just thinking that because I was expecting that result or not, but after that first charge, I was not able to re-produce the heat issue.  As well as additional cooling of the other product with the fan, that one also serves a peace of mind because in the back of your mind, there is a fan taking the heat out of the charger and protecting both the charger and the phone.  Although it would be nice to have a cooling fan, this was a gift and this model did not have a fan, so I cannot ding the rating on that aspect. However, the only issue that made my review a 4 star rather than a 5 star is the cable.  the 3 foot cable isnt long enough to have the wireless charger on my desk and plug it into my wall outlet.  Also, not including a AC adapter is a negative of this product because if you purchased one of them by Anker, it almost comes out to the same price as the one with the cooling fan which included a longer cable and a AC adapter.  So what I am getting at is that I would personally go for the one with the cooling fan over this one if you need a complete package (meaning you already have one of the Anker AC adapters). In conclusion, the negatives are very minor and if I could give 4.5 or even 4.99 stars on this review I would because Anker is putting awesome products out there and they are quality items for the price.  Also, I have not had a conversation with the support team, but from reading other reviews, it sounds like they are just as awesome with their services and help.  I have and will continue to recommend any of their products to friends, family, and co-workers.
Put it on my nightstand and put my phone on it just right. The only criticism is that I have to get my phone just right on it or it won’t charge. This caused me to wake up with a dead phone a few times because it wasn’t on the charger just so.
Purchased for my husbands new iphonexr.  He loves it.  Easy to use, no need to remove the case and no plugs to worry about. He is very happy with this product.  Thanks and Merry Christmas!
This charger stopped working after a few months of use which was disappointing because I thought it was a great product.  The company that I purchased it from promptly replaced it with a sincere apology and I have not had any issues since!  I am very impressed with their customer service / willingness to send me a replacement that has been working great.
Amazing
Using to charge at bedside at night
Charges fast, detects immediately. A+
I really like the charger, I’ve had it for a couple weeks so far it’s been pretty good other than the top of it has faded and looks less black since I got it but as long as it works I’ll keep using it.
In love with my new charger and getting to eliminate my old broken cords and just conveniently charge my phone even with my big bulky case
Great!! Works with my iPhone!
Its a lot easier to lay my phone on this little guy than look for the cord and plug it in.  Its a small convenience but a convenience.  Recommend.
Fast charging
Good
Me encanto todos los productos Son excelntes
Plug it in and sit your phone on it and go. Charges quickly.
chrgs
Update: customer service reached out and sent a different style charger and it works great! I was really impressed with their service and the charger works great with an iPhone X *original review* I would have to take my phone out of the case daily to charge it and that just didn’t seem practical. It didn’t do a very great job of charging anyway. Loved it in theory, but  I sent it back.
Bought this charger to use on my desk at work. It’s much easier than plugging and unplugging to answer calls when charging my phone. Looks nice too
Had an issue and Anker resolved it - always buy Anker  - they are the best!
this works great for such a cheap price also looks amazing very slim and nice looking. Also nice 18 month warranty just in case
Got this for our Samsung Galaxy S8+ to use at home each night.  Just plug it in and put your phone on it....easy as that!!  Phone charges fast.  Will buy another one for the office.
Bought this for my son to charge his Iphone.  He likes it & isnt complaining about charge time.  He actually thought it was nice.  The only complaint if you can call it one, was that the included cable was a bit short.
Great
Perfect
Works great!
Another great Anker product and good price!
Anker makes great products. Works thru my leather phone wallet. Light isn’t noticeable unless looking for it. Doesn’t disturb the darkness of a sleeptime bedroom.
Maravilloso la mejor forma e inteligente de cargar
I love being able to just set my phone on this charging pad, rather than dealing with apple cords that ALWAYS split. I bought my husband one of the stand versions of the anker chargers for Christmas and was immediately jealous and needed a wireless charger of my own! This one works as it should, but I will definitely update if anything changes.
Liked: easy to use. DISLIKED: it stopped working after 2 months. Update: Amazon offered full refund w/o requiring product return. Seller then contacted me and offered to provide free replacement. It works beautifully.
I have been looking for a charger that would charge everyone’s phone when we have a family get together and this works great put it in the living room and everyone can use it without any different type of chargers
Best one I’ve used so far.
Great charger without a bunch of annoying leds. Has been rock solid for at least a year now.
So pleased with this purchase! Works wonderful!
works well enough with latest Iphone X max and slim plastic/rubber cases on the phone. Will chime and blink blue light once connected, not distracting, have one in the office and one on the night stand. IF it loses connection or wont chime on check the way your connecting it to a power source, low powered usb outputs may not work as well, in our case its plugged into an Apple power square into the wall outlet and works fine.
I have searched everywhere for a charger that not only works with my popsocket but that also didnt require the popsocket be placed in a funky position or have you spend time moving the phone all over trying to find a good connection. As soon as I set my phone on this it started charging and the only light coming from the charger was a tiny blue dot that didnt make any difference to my crazy sleeping schedule. I have a Tech21 case on my iPhone XS and plug the USB adapter that comes with this device into a Jelly Comb hub. For the price this cant be beat and have bought a few as gifts and a back-up for my desk too :)
Great Product works every time.
Works as it should. People say these don’t work w pop sockets, but this works with a symmetry otter box and pop socket on my phone. I charge it while I sleep, case and socket on it.
I bought a total of four QI chargers from Anker.  Two are this flat/round type, and two of the upright type.  I chose to purchase the normal charge-rate versions, rather than the "fast" charge because my primary use is overnight charging and I did not need the fast charge option.  Ive heard that the fast chargers can really make your phone hot, so why take the chance?  Anyway, the two flat ones (this review) are mainly used to keep two decommissioned Galaxy J7 phones (that I now use as wi-fi only mini-tablets) in my house to monitor security cameras and play music through Bluetooth.  Of course, I had to add QI receivers to these old phones, but thats another review. Chargers are doing a great job of keeping the phones ready at all times, and also occasionally get called upon to give my new S8 phones a little boost.  Ive had no problems with them whatsoever, and would give them a six star rating if the TINY blue charging LED was a bit easier to see when charging a phone.
Works great so far and less expensive than the phone store, I recommend Anker products
This charger works fine, it gets a little hot when in use but hasnt started any fires yet. It charges my iPhone X through an otterbox defender case. Havent ever timed how long it takes to charge because I charge at night and the battery lasts all day. Maybe something like 5% in 30 minutes?
Extremely convinent wireless charger Easy to use Love the cutoff option, once the battery is charged 100%
It does as intended. Little finicky with finding the sweet spit to charge the phone but I like it and so much easier than always plugging it in. I really like this product!
This charger is very easy to use. I have the Samsung S9 with the Defender Otter Box and it charges just fine in a minimal amount of time! I do try to center it the best I can when placing the phone on it. The phone will light up saying it is being charged when it has been placed properly, then go out. For the money, it is a great charger and it beats trying to attach the cord the conventional way especially in the dark. You do need the ac plug for it. It only comes with the charging disc and cord. You can use the ac charging plug that came with your phone, or they are sole separately. Great item!
Great product
Works well, cant complain at all.
Slower than wired, but great for desk, night stand or countertop if you are tired of buying lightening cables, this is a good option. I purchased 7, so far- great for gifts if your recipients phone supports wireless charging. I wish they had developed wireless charging 5 years and (40+ lightening cables) ago!
Works fine with a Galaxy S6. Dont expect fast-charging to work with this wireless charger. Normal charging times will apply, but as an overnight nightstand or desk charging option, it does a great job.
Plugged into my USB outlet, I will never bother with inserting the cable to charge again. Just set it(down) and forget it. I thought charging would be slow, but it seems almost as fast as using the cable for my Samsung note 9. I can not comment on how it will be for travelling as it will take up a little more space than a cable alone if I take it. It even has an (unobtrusive at night) blue led to let you know it is on.
Im updating my review, the company contacted me and offer a free upgrade replacement that have fast change capability. The new model A2503 is thin and works great. This company exceeded my expectations. The 5 star is for the updated model and their customers service.
Cómodo para su uso permanente.
Very simple, inexpensive, and quality product. Straight forward wireless charger. If you don’t want something that looks cool but just works good, this is for you.
Great charger!! No reason in getting the expensive ones from apple or any other. This is just as good!
Yup.
This is a good charger. It works with my Galaxy S7 Edge, even with a case on the phone. Charges quickly. The materials used to make the charger are quality; it has a nice rubberized ring around the top to firmly secure your phone while charging. On very rare occasions it wont sync with my phone when its placed on the charger, and then it wont start charging at all. However, I now just make certain to hear the charge confirmation beep from my before walking away or getting in bed. Overall it was a nice upgrade from a plug-in charger.
Works as described for Samsung S9. Purchased on lighting deal... well worth the price.
I really like this product it is a fast charge and is lasting longer than most chargers. This is a very good buy and I would buy again.
Worked great for my phone great addition to the bed side table
This is the most amazing charger! Charge with your case on!
An amazing wireless charger that works as fast as a wired connection for my iPhone 8.
Charges a little slow, but I can still put my phone on it at night and have my phone be at 100% the next day
Dosent work on all phones but qorks great with Samsung galaxy 8
Works well for charging my iPhone X
Not expensive, but very high quality! Works through my phone case!
So far, so great. Best qi charger of this profile that Ive used. Charges well, stays cool, and holds phones well.
Be aware this is a 5W wireless charger.  Comes with 3ft USB cord.  AC Adapter is not included.  Anker provides Great customer service. -
I bought this for my mom who is use to stone age technology, chargers included. She says that this charger is absolutely amazing! that it give a full charge much much MUCH quicker then your standard cord/plug, that it is lightweight, and not bullky (bulkiness was very important to her since she will have it on her desk at work) Since receiving this qi charger, I have received numerous texts saying things like "did i mention how much I love this charger?!", etc, and i have recieved 2 fully cooked meals from my mom. Would i recommend this charger? abso-freaking-lutely! it has been nothing but a dream so far! BUY ONE NOW
I love this! Keep it in my office so I can just put my phone on it without the hassle of unplugging and plugging it back in wheneyi step out. Quick charge.
I was honestly pretty skeptical about buying this as I’ve never used a wireless charger before, but after having it for close to a month now, it might be one of the best purchases I’ve made. The charger itself is very lightweight and can be transported easily from room to room, or home to office (wherever you want to charge your phone). The material of the charger is a nice black silicon that doesn’t let your phone slide off the charger when it vibrates or rings. There IS a small blue light on the charger that illuminates when charging (to let you know it’s actually charging), but it’s not bright at all, so it doesn’t bother you when your sleeping. The truth is, it’s a dull blue light so even in a pitch black room, it won’t disturb your sleep with a bright light shining next to your bed. It works great even with a case on your phone (I have an iPhone X btw) and charges pretty quickly...just as fast, if not faster than the original lightning cable your phone comes with. Overall - highly recommend this charger...especially for the price! Anker makes high quality products and this one is no exception. 5 stars all the way
Perfect for the price
Totally works. Fast charging love
Sleek design and works great on my XR!
I was on the fence about buying this, since it doesnt support 10W charging on the Google Pixel 3 XL.  I dont know how fast quick charge works, but this charger is more than adequate for charging overnight.  I havent had any problems with my phone slipping off during the night, and there is no problem finding the right spot to put your phone to charge it.  Overall, Im very pleased with this purchase.
Excellent quality
Like it very much, probably get another for my wife
using this with a iphone 7. works great
This is a great charger. I can charge my iPhone XS with a case and pop socket on it. The charging rate is a little slow, but i haven’t tried it with a 2.1a charger yet...but slower than direct connect (even without the case/pop socket). I use this when going to bed and while at work so I can charge and listen to music/take calls at the same time. Great quality!
Great item
Fully charges iPhone 7 Plus with wireless receiver in under 3 hours (from 10% to 100%). Averages 30% per hour. Very comparable to 7.5 watt charges.
My earlier 3-star review is below. This is an update. Upon reading my review the Seller contacted me to discuss my concerns.  Within days I received a newer version of the cordless charger.  All of the issues I raised were addressed in the new charger.  Sleek design, fast charging not at all impaired by the Otterbox. I was most impressed by the interest of the Seller to address my issues promptly.  A great Seller to do business with. Simple, sleek design.  Easy to use that way but it is not a speed wireless charge like the one that came with my device.  Also, it doesnt always make a clean contact through my Otterbox.  With the factory wireless charger, thats not a problem.  For the price, a bargain.
Love being wireless.
Not bad, but definitely not fast charging (I knew it wasnt).  Stopped using it because I got tired of trying to place my phone on it just right to charge, since I have a metal piece on the back for the magnet in my car.  I knew this would be a factor when I purchased, but didnt think it would be so annoying.
Bought this charger and loved it so much that I purchased another. Unfortunately, the second one never showed up. Easy to use and convenient. I do wish that it came with its own power bank to plug into the wall. The charge is actually quite slow so I wish that was alot faster. Overall I think you get what you pay for.
I am editing this review because the issue is resolved And turns out it was a very simple resolution. Anker has excellent customer service and worked with me to determine the problem,  even offering a replacement if we could not solve it. Switched from using an iPhone wall charger to iPad wall charger for the product and it works consistently now with no issues. Old review:.Worked great for about 2 weeks then stopped working, not completely but not a consistently reliable charger.  Really disappointed in the quality.  I have purchased other Anker products in the past and have had no problems.
Had this for a few months now great quality just wish it had a more trippy rubber on the top but nothing to really worry about
Easy to use and charges great
it is good. you have to central your phone and it charges fast enough. i would recommend
Works exactly as intended. Takes some getting used to as to how to get my phone on it to charge. It has to be just right but that may be my phone more than the charger
I have a new I phone 10. Love the phone but really love this wireless charger
My wireless charger stopped working, but as soons as ANKER heard my story they wrote to me with things that may be causing the charger not to charge my phone, a did what they told me and it worked again. Since the minute they heard it wasnt working they offered me a new one sent to my address (which is outside the united states), this is excellent client service
Excellent charger, light-weight, easy to use, versatile, on the go, I use for all my iPhones. Recommended.
I have been using this product for about six months and it isn’t the fastest charger, but it gets it done reliably.
Works really well with my iPhone 7 and 8 plus! Charges pretty fast!
Love this by the bedside.  It charges quick and is a nice solid product.  I would buy it again.
I initially had some issues with the charger after about a month but it turns out my phone was rejecting the charge for whatever reason.
Phones are way too expensive these days, so I like this both for the convenience of just laying the phone on it to charge and the fact that it should reduce wear and tear on the USB-C port. Works great for regular and fast-charging a Note 8 (with the right power supply - not included), havent tried fast charging the Lady Friends iPhone 8 but it does charge it. Flat and easy to pack on a trip.
Great product!
Greater charger at half the price of most wireless chargers.
Ive only had it for 90 days and it stopped working
For the price, I dont have too many complaints. I just wish the cord was longer. When you set it on, you know its on correctly after theres a little buzz. One time, my phone had already run out of battery so there was no way to know if it was placed on correctly. (It didnt have any juice to buzz.) I went to bed and woke up and it hadnt charged all night! In this case, I had to bust out my original charger and plug in.
Great Product delivered as promised and fast.
Works great, an every day use.
Works geeat
Absolutely love it
Ive had it for about 6 months now. Charges my Note 9 super fast. Would  buy again.
Works exactly as it should. Only thing I would have liked to seen with this charger, is a longer cord and its own plug. Otherwise I like it.
I finally have a wireless charge capable phone so I ordered three for various locations. They’re awesome. No more messing with cables to charge the phone. No more pulling cables out of the wall and having to get out of bed to fix it.
Very low profile, blends nicely on my desk. Charges very fast. Nice packaging and good design.
light and works with most smart phones even with the case on.  Charges fast enough and saves on any damages to your phone port
Excellent charger from an excellent company who continue to provide excellent service
I have an iPhone XS. This works wonderfully and is much easier than plugging the phone in.
Works great on my iPhone X
Works as promised - makes charging my phone at night so much easier then having to plug it in. Does not have a pretty blue light like the Samsung charger- but is so much less expensive I do not need a blue light.
It recognizes I phone 8plus but it doesn’t not recognize I phone X or iPhone 6
Material quality
Great quality just like all the other Anker products, hands down never disappointed with any of their products.  This product is very durable and works heart with my IPhone 8 even with my case I have absolutely no problems.  I would reccomend this to anyone that wants the convenience of not having a wire attached to your phone!
What is there to say, solid item, it works well. I actually use it in my Truck. Phone doesnt slide around or get hot. Really happy with it.
Another great Anker product!  Works well and priced much much better than competitor brands!
Works good, charges fast.
This works well with a case but not with those trendy pop-out button holders that you use to grip the phone.
Very easy to use but only for my iPhone. My boyfriend iPhone it won’t charge.
Charges my iPhone XR through a thick Spigan case. I paired this with a high output Aukey usb charger.
Originally ordered this charger, unfortunately it isnt the fast charger, there are differences between the 5w and 10w (10W being the charger capable of fast charging). For what this one is meant to do it is a decent charger to receive faster charging plugging into a fast charging AC adapter would be best. The support team was super helpful in getting my issue resolved and Ive had a pleasant experience with all my other devices from Anker.
It is an overall great product no issues
I needed a device to charge my new XS Max iphone without having to plug it in.  Works great.  Buy it!
Works good. Charges my iPhone X fast.
Love this charger. I have 2 of them and Ive been using them for about 6 months now. It works through my Speck case and I dont have to go through the hassle of plugging and unplugging. Definitely recommend.
Been using for almost a month now with 0 issues. Works perfect with a case. Phone never gets over heated. Light indicated when it’s charging the phone so even if your phone is dead, you know it’s working.
This product is worth it.  Easy to just place the phone on the desk and have it charge while talking and extra convenience over plugging in the phone - very fast charge and very thorough battery charge.
Im stunned by how well this works.  I was mostly covered about how it would work with a pop socket, as Im pretty clumsy and cant live without the thing.  This charger worked within the space of a closed pop socket and actually connects from within another 5mm or so away, so you could use a thick case and the socket together.
Originally bought for my partner who uses Apple. Does not work for that. Im sure it says it somewhere and I just didnt read properly. It works great on my Android though, a little slower than Android actual chargers. But perfect for a work charger!
Delivered without any damages, easy to set up. Worth the coin.
Great wireless charger! My recent charger had a case of old age and falling apart, so I decided to grab a wireless one since I needed it anyway. This thing works great by my bedside table for over night charging. I have a Galaxy 7, and while it isnt a super fast charge, it does its job just fine and saves me that  crucial 1 second of plugging in.
Does a great job charging, shuts off when done. Nice non slip finish on top and bottom.
Easy to use
Great product
Love this! This works great with my iPhone X (in a speck case). I love just plopping it on pad and walking away!
I have never, ever been disappointed with an Anker product. I have two these wireless chargers a  usb Charger/multiport hub unit, and a battery powered usb dual port  hub. All work flawlessly and 24 hours a day for the most part. Just a great maker of these types of units. I never hesitate to purchase their products.
Reaching for my phone on the nightstand would always end up in a fight with the cord. No more fighting. Lolz Easy pad charges fast.
I love it!
Came as described. No damage during shipment. Works great with my iPhone. I only have a case on my phone at this time. Good price.
Great Anker product. Perfect for the nightstand.
This device works as intended. Its great to have around the house. Just set your phone down and it starts charing. I use it at my office desk and in my kitchen. However, shipping had several issues and Amazon couldnt find my package and just kept giving several excuses. I finally received them after about 10 days of working with Amazon customer service.
Bought this when my Samsung Galaxy 7 stopped charging from the port. It was a quick, cheap, and easy fix.  I am very pleased with the product.
This product works well when charging a IPhone the only thing is use a Droid charger head because if you use the iPod charger head it charges horribly
Wonderful charger for the price. Bought several as stocking stuffers !
Good product
I bought to go with my Iphone X. It works great! quality product from a trusted name.
Charges my phone really fast.
Charging.
I like this enough. My phone has to be lined up in the center for it to charge, but it’s easy enough to do that. Definitely not convenient for traveling, but for next to my bed it works fine.
Excelente
It seems great. It charges through my phone case, which is good. The surface seems to be a bit anti-slip, which I find useful. I got the 5W one (I dont think the 10 W was available when I bought it; if so, I didnt see it) and it charges just fine. Its not super fast charge, but its not slow charge either. Overall, great for the price.
Ok, so this wireless charger works. It works just great. The problem is that Im one of those magnetic phone holders people when driving. I have an Iphone 8 Plus. The only way to have this charger work is to have your magnet at the bottom of your case and the charger works just great. The problem is that the 8 Plus is so tall that it isnt stable in the car with the magnet in the bottom of your case. It sorta holds, but any little bump and it starts to slide or fall to one side. Anker, great product, just wish someone would figure out a way to have these chargers work with magnets/metal plates. I cant return it because I already threw away the box.
Great product
Love it!! It takes longer to charge but so convenient not to plug...
I love that this charges through my case. I have a glitter case and I always had to take the case off. I plan on ordering another one to replace the one I use at work.
Does the job
The charger works well. The only issue that I have with it, is I have to place my iPhone more to the left of the charger to get it to charge. No big deal, but the phone is sort of hanging off the charger.
Good
Bought a Pelican case to protect my iPhone. Supposedly the strongest, most survivable case out there. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07HB64MPC/ref=oh_aui_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1 This charger works even through that Pelican case. Very convenient. Ended up purchasing three of these chargers: one for overnight in the bedroom, one for the garage while Im working and listening to podcasts and one for the office while Im surfing the web. Much less wear and tear on the Lightning connector.
So easy to use just lay my phone on it and it charges with a case on it! Love it saves so much time having to plug it in awesome
This is a great charger.
I ordered this wireless charger to replace one that I lost in a move. I am sorry I didnt buy this one in the first place. The design is smaller that the one I originally had which means it can be easily hidden if its on the kitchen counter. The rubberized bottom prevents slipping and unwanted moving on smooth surfaces. With only one small indicator light on it, I can put this next to the bed and not have to stare at a bright charging ring like other chargers have. If I need another charger I would definitely buy this again.
Just plug and go. I dont even remember when I bought this, but it has to have been at least a year and Im still using it right now. Would definitely buy another one if I needed.
Will be getting another
Works like a charging pad would
I bought this charger with the hopes of using it with my brand new iPhone Xs Max.  It was not clear to me when I purchased this item that it would not support fast wireless charging.  Additionally, I found it very hard to locate the exact spot where the phone should be placed, and often would wake up to a dead phone because the it apparently wasnt placed in exactly the right spot.  Then, the charger stopped working altogether after three months. Im a big fan of Anker products, but have been disappointed with this particular purchase. Update: Anker Support  reached out to me and the issue has been resolved. Raising my review to five stars because Anker made my customer experience was so positive. Will be purchasing more Anker products in the future.
What can i say......its an ANKER product!!!!!  I have bought several Anker products in the past and all have been great....no complaints.  Using this with a Samsung S9 with a rubber/plastic cover. Charges like a pro!!! Pad is light weight and not bulky. USB cable it came with could be a foot or 2 longer but what comes with it works just fine......guess im just used to a longer charging cable.....Charged phone right away with cover on, no issues.....2 Thumbs up for Anker!!!!
Ive been using this product on my iPhoneX, I have a case on it and works perfectly.
This has been so handy. I worried that because I have a knob on the back of my phone case that it wouldn’t work, but I can still charge face up even with that on.
I like how small the pad is. I have a couple of them around the house which makes my life super easy. I keep one near wherever I spend the most time so I can just put my phone down on it and not worry about my phone dying. Definitely worth it.
This is a cheap reliable charger
Convenient way to charge without wires. Plus in to create a resting spot that charges your iPhone or other Qi-capable device.
Good quality and works great!
(Update) Was contacted by Anker support, offering a replacement, several weeks after posting my review. They recommended trying the charger again and, low and behold, it is working again. May have been an issue with the cable or phone software/firmware. Anyways, customer support sent a replacement and I am satisfied with the purchase. Stopped working after a few months of use. Blue light turns off after a few seconds of being plugged in. Did not meet expectations.
I bought this for the office.  It was on sale (Lighting Deal) and works well.
iPhone X max back glass makes it slide of the  charger. Had to put Foam tape on it to keep it from sliding off  during the night.  I told this to anker and they sent me a stand up charger
I got this for my sons iPhone 8. Its easy to use and finds a contact quick, but it takes a lot longer than the regular plug in charger to charge his phone. its ok if left on overnight.
This is an awesome product.  I use it on my iPhone XR with a Popsocket on it and it charges just great!  Going to buy another one!
Works as it should. No problems so far.
This is for my to charge my phone on my nightstand. It works well, but only when placed precisely. I have to double check to ensure I placed the phone correctly and is charging. BUT, for the low price I paid, it does work and I have had no major issues.
The charger works without any issues. It is sensitive, meaning when I put my phone on it, it always recognizes the phone and starts charging (even though I have a thick case on my iPhone). I like the fact that the light indicating the charge process is small and dim, so there is no problem in putting this charger on the nightstand.
Works okay with my pop socket. Occasionally it disconnects and then isn’t charged in the morning. Other than that no issues.
It was a gift
I put this in my Tundra arm rest as a mod to easily charge my phone.  Meh, its alright.  Kind of picky on charging if its not centered.  Charges pretty slow.  I have a RavPower fast charge on my desk and I wish i used on my truck mod instead.  RavPower charges quicker than any other Qi charger that Ive used. This one is just Meh.  Works alright but not in any hurry to charge your phone.  I would consider this a minimum wage employee. LOL 3/5/19 Update Anker rep: Ariel graciously emailed me after my last review.  They offered me a new 7.5 fast charging pad because their last one wasnt charging fast enough.  Talk about great customer service.  I didnt even have to reach out to them.  This new pad in thinner and larger in diameter.  This should help with ease of installation for my truck arm rest mod as well as provide a larger sweet spot when my phone begins to slide around in the pocket provided in my armrest.  Keep up the good work Anker.
I did return this because I couldn’t stand having to remove my phone case every time I want to charge my iPhone 8. Works very well but I cannot bring myself to remove the pop socket on the back of my case. Maybe it’s just me.
Not overly impressed with this item. Not a fast charger whatsoever. Will continue to use the lightning plug as that chargers much faster. Placed my phone on the product in the evening before falling asleep and when I woke up 7 hours later, it was only at 86%. Would not recommend. UPDATE - after posting this review, their customer service emailed me and is sending me a new product free of charge. I haven’t received the new product but I’m very pleased and impressed with their service and wanting to make sure their consumers receive good quality products. Can’t wait to try the upgraded charger!
Great device and great price
Awesome buy
love it, owrks with my thick case
Easy set up and easy to use. No problems with it at all. Easier to pick up and use phone without a cable!
Both two of these to charge our iPhoneXR phones. These are simple and effective. I haven’t found them to be positionally sensitive. We just place our phones on the pad and get a good connection. It’s also easy to tell if placement is correct by looking at the phone’s screen. These aren’t rapid chargers and aren’t marketed that way. They are great overnight chargers that guarantee that our phones will be fully and safely charged each morning!
I have an iPhone 8 Plus, with heavy duty otter box, works fast , right thru otter box. Just wish it had a longer cord
I had tried other wireless chargers and was not impressed.  They either did not charge, or took way too long.  The anker charger is excellent and just works out of the box.  I do want to say this is NOT a rapid process, but it can charge through a Defender case and without any issues.  There is not a notable change in temperature, and if you need the device, just pick it up.  I use it in the office to keep me topped off all day.  It is just about the easiest thing I do all day!
I like that this size of this one is slightly larger in diameter than my other. I did not like the placement of the indicator LED as it was on the opposite side of my bed and wasnt easy to see when its charging. It seems to charge relatively fast even with a semi thick case.  I have since upgraded to a fast charger that is way thicker and smaller... but charges faster (minimally).  But I still use this one at work.
Works as advertised
Great easy product to use.
Great quality
Great value
I bought this because there are reviews that say it works with a pop up.  My friend wanted a wireless charger but did not think ANY would work with pop ups on the phone.  Well this one does.  Someone made a video of him pushing in the pop up, centering the phone of this model charger, and it started charging.  It works great for my friend too so we both thank you!  Using on Iphone XS with pop up
My brother loves this.
I love wireless charging, it is hands down one of the best inventions ever.  This is a great charging pad for multiple different scenarios.  I even carved out a space in my desk so it stays flat against the table.  Awesome.
The only bad thing is the cord I feel is too short, other than that....Great product
Simple wireless charger. Seems rather cheap but it was rather inexpensive too so you get what you pay for. I haven’t had any issues with the charger though.
Feels a little small, but a great wireless charger nonetheless.
Works great rite out of the box.
Excellent charger. Slim and with a very nice finish. The cable they include could be better (more flexible) but overall its a great product. The blue led is very soft and dim, excellent for night use.
Works great on my iPhone.
I ordered three of these for family. This is such a good wireless charger. It even charges through my popsocket. Such a great product. Thank You
I had the delima of wanting to use my phone at work with earbuds in (sorry not paying 100+ for airpods) and I have a great single ear bud to listen (have to be able to hear around me) But the new iphones (and other phones) dont have a headphone jack, so use the bluetooth ones or use the lightening port.  But if you want to charge you need wireless now or try on of the crappy split cords (they fail, or dont work at all, I tried them) So this little charger is just the thing for me. works great while I listen and work, keeps the phone charged and havent had any problem with it and the slim cases I use (unicorn beetle pro)
I gave this 4 stars only because I think it charges a little slower than a traditional lightning cord.  However, it is so easy to use and looks great on my black granite counter in the kitchen.  Whenever I think my phone needs a charge, I just place it on this round disc charger.  I am happy overall...........only, as I said, in my opinion, it does not charge as quickly as a lightning cord.  I love it enough that I am going to purchase one more.
Good
Works fine
Simple, great price and it charges faster. This is a great buy for your money.
Love this charger!! Easy to use
I like Anker products, have a few of them.  The end of the cable on this has USB plug.  I need to double check, but not sure if it worked plugged directly into my power strip USB port, I think I needed the adapter my phone came with plugged into the outlet on the power strip to work.  But that is a limitation of the surge strip I have not this product.
My only problem is it takes a lon time to charger
This works very good for the price. It charges a little quicker the the apple 5w power supply. It just kinda sucks it without a power brick.
I am very satisfied with my purchase of a wireless charger. Its size is small and its practicality is optimal. The loading speed is surprising. I do not know how durable this product will be. I recommend to purchase it!
I bought this because it was offered at a good price and I have no need for a faster charger. I also bought the ac adaptor which they recommend. After receiving the items, everything worked fine but the usb cable is very short (3ft). I contacted Anker Support and their customer service exceeded my expectations with finding a solution to the problem. Thanks very much.
Great wireless charger would by again.
Test
Small an nice
I really like the convenience of charging without the cable, but do wish the micro USB cord was a little longer.
So far good. Have been using for last 2 weeks. Not bad. I use Pixel 3 it charges terribly slow. However I put in night. Other times I use my fast charger. Not sure changing the adapter would fasten up then charge.
Tnx
Granddaughter says efficient and effortless
so far looks good after use for about two months.
Love the fact that I dont have to fiddle with plugging a cable in when I get ready to jump in bed. ....
Been using it for several months now. No issues. It is really nice that it works for both of our phones, both in cases, but we dont have to remove the cases. On the Samsung it tells you when the charging is complete by having both lights come on. No so on the iPhone, but not a biggy as we charge overnight, one phone one night, the other the next. Id buy it again.
I was skeptical if this will work with metal plate within my case, as I use magnetic phone holder for my car, but works perfectly.. highly recommended
It’s sleek, LED isn’t ridiculously bright and obnoxious at night. Unit charges, fairly fast but not “high speed” fast. I love it! I bought two!
This was the perfect gift and great price
Good, just not as good for iPhones.
Bought this to use with my iPhone XR with Otterbox Commuter case. I was worried that the case would be too thick, but it wasn’t at all. Plugged the power cord in, layed the phone on top, and it did exactly what it’s designed to do, charge the phone wirelessly. I will update this review after using for a period of time and speak to the durability, charge speed, etc.
I did quite a bit of research on wireless chargers before deciding on this Anker. After receiving a new iPhone XR I wanted a wireless charger that wouldn’t overheat my phone and also wouldn’t be distracting while sleeping (I prefer as little light as possible) This charger fit all my needs. There is a tiny blue led light that comes on when it is charging, but it’s very small and also I am able to place my phone so it covers it so I see no light while sleeping. I was also thrilled to find that my phone charges through not only my Otterbox Commuter case, but also through my popsocket! Extremely happy with the product and company and highly recommend both.
Like it
Great charging pad, works very well. My phone has a case and it still works.
Works well. Especially for galaxy s8 with wet charging port error
Has been a wonderful charger on my bedside table.  Planning to get another for the office.
Anger is always quality!
Easy to charge phone without cord.
It works great! Some cases you have to remove
Easy to use straight out of the box.
I bought 2 and have recommended this to another half dozen happy customers.
The first time I charged my phone it was faster than the cable charger. But it was the only time. Since the second time, it takes almost twice time to charge. The day after I wrote this review, Anker sent me an e-mail, asked some question about the charger and my cell phone and told me that they think there was some kind of problem with the charger. They sent me another charger with no charge. I think they are awesome, and even I didnt get the charger I wanted, at least they raplaced it for another one. Thank you Anker.
It’s a great charger for the price. Just make sure you see the blue light light up or it won’t charge.
Ligero y de buena calidad
Quality is good charge seems fast. Price was excellent.
As expected
I love how low key this is on my nightstand. Works great. Didnt expect this to be as good for the price.
Easy to use and it’s works
The reason for the 2 star rating is because seller was prompt and easy to deal with.  Unfortunately, this product didnt work for me.  After just a couple weeks, it stopped working.  Seller replaced it.  Again it stopped working, this time after several weeks.  Each time the charger stopped working sometime in the middle of the night. ** I want to update my previous review.  The charger is working again.  I have it plugged into a power strip and plugged it into a different outlet on the strip.  It is now working.  I dont know if it was a bad outlet or if it was a fluke.  But, it is working.
I absolutely loved this product until after about 3 months of light use it just stopped working.
Love this
I love this! Works great charges fast!
This is my second purchase - worked so well decided to put one on my desk at work as well. No problems whatsoever.
Excelente producto
This has changed my life, in a small but great way.  Charging my phone is a big part of my daily and nightly routine, and this has made it amazingly simple.  Works through my existing case, charges in a timely fashion, and I don’t need to hassle with continually replacing cords or worrying about my charge port (which was the reason my last phone finally died on me).  Would give it 5 stars but it’s a little annoying to have to supply your own A/C adapter for the cord.  Other than that, I love it and may buy another for the car (a friend inspired me on that one).
Update. 1 to 4 star change. Customer service reached out and replaced the unit. New one works fine. Junk. Very positional and won’t charge the phone to 100%. Charges extremely slow at that.
Worked great
Since my LG6 Charger port is having issues, I bought this. Works great - phone charges fairly quick. Only negative is you do have to make sure the phone is placed on it properly & the pad responds with the bluelight. Otherwise it wont charge.  Im a fan.
Works great, looks nice. Well made
Update:  After my return I was contacted by Anker and these folks are amazing.  Even though I returned this wireless charger they sent me the $20 pedestal charger for free which is absolutely amazing.  I wanted the simple small little charger and this is obviously a little larger but I love it but it works great. ____________________________ Original Review: It was a great promotional price and usually I love Anker products but this wireless charger just didnt work for me.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 with a silicone case (no metal) and I also have the Samsung wireless charger at home which works perfectly.  I bought the Anker charger based on the prices and recommendations and encountered two issues.  The first issue was minor but annoying, you had to place the phone just right in the middle of the pad or the charging didnt kick in.  Quite a few times I laid it on the charger, only to find out later it was not placed exactly right.  The second issue was the deal breaker.  I tried several adapters all of which were the recommended 500 ma / 2 volt variety and my phone kept alerting me that it was draining faster then it could charge but when I plugged it in directly no problem.  The wireless pad just couldnt charge fast enough.  I returned it to Amazon for a refund.
Great product super easy to use
Works perfectly
It is perfect for my iphone X, fast and great quality
Sturdy
Works great
A bit slow to charge since lacking fast charging capability but over all bang for buck. bought it in a deal.
Easy enough to use, charges a bit slower than regular wiring, but for the price and convenience who cares.
Its very good product
The product works great
I ordered this back in September and it seemed to work well up until about a month ago. It now charges my phone about 10% every half hour. I did order a new cord in case it was the issue but it is still charging slowly Updating my review- Anker reached out about the problem and sent me a new charging pad immediately. They have excellent customer service and I am very happy with the new pad
Charges my iPhone XS and Galaxy S8+ just fine. No complaints
Great addition to my iPhone charging experience.
Pleased with this charger. My first experience with wireless charging. Purchased for my wifes iPhone 8. She has a Caseology case and it still works fine with the phone in the case.
# Update: Anker contacted me regarding this issue and sent me a new charging pad, which works perfectly without any sound. #Original post: Works fine, but I can hear the sound of electric current... quite annoying
I have been using this Qi charger for well into 6 months as of this review and it still works perfectly. Build quality is sound and packaging was good. My only wish is that it used a type C usb cable for power delivery instead of micro-b so that i couldve just used my Galaxy S8 charging cable to power it but my S8 came with a type c to micro b adapter so it wasnt an issue.
We like the ease of this charger so much better than fooling with the plug in
10/10
I have a love/hate relationship with Anker. I own a lot of their products and have purchased a lot to use in a professional environment as well. Sometimes I get some duds and have to have them replaced under warranty. Most of the time they work fine though. This charger works fine with my iPhone 8 + using a normal thickness case. I do wish it was a little easier to find the "sweet spot" but once I learned where to place the phone it isnt as bad. I also wish it was heavier so it doesnt move around as much. And the cord could be longer. Its absurdly short. But overall I am pleased. I will update again after a year or so.
Got his charger for my wifes Iphone XS. Works like it is supposed to. We have not had any issues with it charging. Overall looks good, works great, will buy another if needed.
my original review is below for this item.  HOWEVER, customer service has been AWESOME in resolving my problems.  They contacted me without prompting and when they found out that yes it will not work with my phone and case combo, they sent me a replacement of a different type (Anker Powerwave Stand) that works great.  They did this at no charge and even refunded my original cost!  These guys are awesome! It seems like a pretty cool item, but my phone is in an Otter Box and even though the blue light comes on, after all night charging, it actually lost power.  It was on 36% when I started charging on this device and 5 hours later it was on 6%.  The manufacturer actually has pictorial instructions inside that indicate that it does not charge through cases.
The seller reached out to me and I am so very impressed with their customer service. Even though I was so excited with this and it worked great! Had it for two months and it just stopped working. The seller reached out to me to see if they could do anything to help. Very impressed with their amount of customer service and willingness to help.
Can only move the phone over the pad so much.  Would have been easier if I could see the light and it didn’t go off. I thought it was charging overnight and very frustrated it wasn’t in the morning. This happened twice before I had enough and returned it. I usually like Anker products, but this one wasn’t up to par. Update: Baker contacted me about the charger. They sen a replacement and it seems to work like it should. Thanks Anker!
(update - Anker reached out and sent me a dual port charger that has the correct output to make it right - considering it was my fault for not reading the fine print this is really awesome of them - , i just wish there was a way they could update the description to specify the default iphone charger will not work)I saw that it didnt come with an ac adapter but assumed I could use the one that came with the iphone. It seems you get what you pay for, the reason this is so cheap is that its only half of what you need. The iphone charger puts out 1amp but this thing requires 2amps or else it overheats and dies. spend a little extra to get one that comes with the ac adapter. I bought 2 because they were on sale around Christmas knowing I was going to get the wife and me some new phones, now have to buy separate adapters that are more expensive than the wireless charger was. PS, Ive always used anker products and have never had a bad experience until now, kinda disappointed.
As usual, this is an excellent product from Anker.  I own all kinds of Anker chargers and find them all to work extremely well, last a long time and are very reliable.  The only reason I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I specifically bought this "ultra-slim" charger to use in a Tesla Model 3 under the charging mat because I read that you could fit an "ultra-slim" charger under the mat.  Unfortunately this charger isnt slim enough to fit under the mat, so it wont work for my intended purpose.  However, its still a great device that Ill use other places, just didnt work for the purpose I purchased it for.
Bought it for my older uncle. Has had no issues and he was able to install it and use it on his own.
Have been using for a few months now with no issues.
Every product I’ve ever purchased from Anker has exceeded my expectations. This one is no different. On the one occasion that I contacted their support about a different product they were excellent. Whatever accessories I need I will try Anker first.
Charged 15% in one hour very easy to hit the sweet spot  Will be buying more Works great with OtterBox defender case
Great product
Good price
Perfect as usual for Anker
Cheap and easy to work. I have not plugged my iPhone in to charge since I got it
At first I thought I got a bad charger. I had a case and a popsocket on my phone and it wasn’t working. I took off my case and popsocket and it worked immediately. I gave 4 stars because the only thing I have a problem with is that it gets quite warm on the back of my phone when using. I just remove it from the charger every once in a while to prevent it from getting hot.
Look sleek. Work perfectly.
It works well, a little slow charging an iPhone XR but its fine for overnight. One annoying thing though is sometimes Ill drop my phone on it and itll light up like its charging but after 3-4 seconds it turns off, and Ill have to re-center the phone to get it to work normally.
Fast charger...better than the other chargers that I have
Its fast charging and even with my thick case it still can wirelesly charge my phone
Bought two for each nightstand and it makes it easier to just set down than having to look for a chord to plug in.
Absolutely love this wireless charger! Sits on a desk at work and gets used pretty much constantly throughout the day and hold up great!
I have been researching wireless chargers for awhile and finally decided I was ready to buy one, but my challenge was to find one that would work with a case and a pop socket. I asked the question on amazon and the only responses I got were "opinions." Everyone who answered just speculated that it would not work with a pop socket. One guy even answered my question with "Are you retarded?" Well folks, Im happy to say this charger DOES WORK with a pop socket on your phone plus a case. Its been great and Im so happy I purchased it. The only thing I would say at all is that I have to find the "sweet spot" on the charger for it to charge. But thats really not a big deal Im extremely happy with this product.
Surprisingly light compared to some other, similar products. Works great!
Very nice as usual from Anker.  Really works as advertised and it well made.  Works fast as well even with phone cases
It works right out of the box with my iPhone 8. I have a phone case and there is a metal plate inside my phone case.  The metal plate is used for car magnet mount.  as long as I make sure the metal plate is placed near the top of the phone, then charging function will not be affected.
Its nice not having to plug in different cords for different phone.
The full rubber top and bottom is a nice touch. Holds onto my iphone nicely. It is a bit bigger than the phone which helps me position it correctly.
This works fine for a $14 wireless charger, however, the activation zone for my s8 is quite small, meaning that I have to be exactly precise on where I place it for it to work. This makes it sort of annoying when you want to just drop it down in bed or something.
This product is amazing. Not only is it sleek and nice looking but more importantly it is much less expensive than many others but very well built. Works as advertised, no annoying light, never even gets warm but charges as fast as regular charger.
Works great, I’m not sure what the fuss is all about people saying it doesn’t charge unless it’s sitting directly on the pad. It’s common sense people, put it in the middle and it’ll be just fine. Only reason for 4/5 stars is that the usb cable should definitely be longer, had to swap that out, but other than that, it’s a wireless charging pad that charges my phone.
Love this item!
Product arrived early and in excellent condition.  Working as expected.  Charges quickly and does not take much space.
Very nice to have... it takes a lot longer than a normal charger, but it’s not the newest model and it looks like the newer model charges faster. This one is great for the price!
Update on new wireless charger: much better than earlier....Thanks Anker for the new device!! Appreciated the help and follow up on feedback. Happy now with the product...I took time for feedback due to observation on the product.. Very Slow charging, not sure if something wrong but I stopped using it. Will never buy this one.
Sometimes you have to watch how the phone is positioned on the charger to get a full charge.
Ive always purchased accessories sold by apple for my apple products, until I purchased an anker power bank on sale for my boys. They loved it...I loved it, so when I purchased my iphone XS max, I figured Id give their wireless charger a try.  The first one I ordered was perfect and acted as a stand for the phone. Could position the phone upright or horizontal to easily watch videos. However, my sleep app required that the phone be flat when being used overnight. So I knew that I would have to find an anker product and fortunately this was it and it was on sale. Not disappointed! Now I use the original one, that works as stand, in the kitchen and the new one alongside the bed. Charges quickly. Easy to set up.
I bought this because the Samsung charger I bought with my S8 was dodgy at charging the battery. Im fairly certain its due to the thick case I have it in. Removing the phone from a case defeats the convenience of wireless charging. This unit has worked as advertised. Its a lot thinner too if that matters.
I decided to get this because I don’t want the charging area of my phone to get scratched up when plugging it in at night. This is a really nice charging pad. I’ve have no issues with it aside from it continuing to charge past the 30 minute mark of when it reaches 100% but other than that I’d definitely buy this again or the next generation if I needed too.
I bought two of these. Found them to be very convenient and easy to use. I did not however expect for one of them to stop working after only 4 months of use. UPDATE: Based solely on my original review (See above) that after only four months one of these failed, Ariel at Anker support reached out via email with some troubleshooting tips and assuring me that Anker was committed to honoring any issues with their products, and reminding me of the warranty period. After trying the troubleshooting tips, it still didnt work. Ariel then sent an email to verify my shipping address for a replacement to be sent without my even having to ask. Tremendously good customer service! When a failure like this does happen, and a company steps up to help and quickly resolves the problem like this It speaks to their honor and integrity in how they conduct their business. After this experience I have updated my review and changed it to 5 Stars, as these are very nice, affordable wireless chargers. Thank you Anker for exceeding my expectations and replacing this wireless charger.
Browsing to Today’s Deals and saw this! I’ve been eyeing for this specific one and when I saw it on sale! I had to get it! It is super fast charging! Sleek design. Wish it came with its own plug though!
Works exactly as described.  Is now my default charger.  The cord could be a little longer
Works as expected. I do notice the phone getting hot initially. I will have to try out further to see if it continues to be so.
Minimalistic size and great function. The charger is attractive and works great. The small blue power indicator button is very subtle and not distracting at night. CAUTION: Do NOT use this sort of charger if you use magnetic attaching plates such as car magnetic holders. They become extremely hot. This was discovered by accident, short of disaster... I have not seen this warning in other listings for similar devices. It does not lower my rating in any way.
An excellent charger. Works very well and it’s the perfect size.
Decent for the money
Bought this for my wifes office.  Making it easy for her to keep a charge throughout the day when she lays it on her desk.  Works well with her case -- its slim and lets the charge go through her case.
I was using my husbands Samsung wireless charger, until I couldnt stand using it anymore because a lot of the times, it would stop charging, even though my phone was centered on the charger and it showed that it was charging at first.  Many times I woke up seeing the charger flashing, due to the charge not connecting.  So, I bought this Anker wireless charger and it is AWESOME!  It does not require the phone to be situated exactly centered, it has a great rubber material, so it prevents slipping.  I bought the same charger for my Dad and he also loves it.
I just wanted a cheap easy solution to do a wireless charge. This thing works great for the price!
I purchased this charger to go with my new iPhone XR, my first phone capable of wireless charging. I have been very happy with the quality and speed of this charger. I have an Otterbox Defender on my XR and this charger not only is able to charge it through the case, but is able to do so at a speed that is faster than my lighting cable charger. The phone gets slightly warm, but I dont think this is cause for concern as I trust Anker products and they have not disappointed me.
Everyone needs one. Seriously a great buy. We have 4 in our home.
Very good and easy to use!!
Awesome charger. Love that I don’t have to be hooked up to my charging cord anymore! Love it!
This is extremely easy to use literally just put your phone in it somewhat in the center and it charges, it doesnt have to be exact and it works perfectly through my otterbox case. It charges just as fast as a traditional plug-in charger.
Update review: company reached out to me and acknowledged the product I received was a defected product and sent one to me within a week. The new charger works as it should without a ringing noise when plugged in! Product works as it should and charges the phones well. However, after a couple weeks it started to have this ringing sound that is super high pitched and will do it for the duration of being plugged in whether or not a phone is charging on it. I have unplugged mine and not using it because of that terrible ringing nose.
Great idea. The only reason I’m not giving this a 5 star is because out of the 5 I purchased, one did not work.  These were Christmas presents and I purchased them in advance so the return window lapsed before they were able to find out it didn’t work. The one that didn’t work also was dirty on the bottom so I think it was already used and returned. The other 4 worked perfectly and the people I gave them to love them. Friends of one of them ordered some as soon as they saw how great they are. It’s worth a try. I would buy again but I would inspect and try them out before giving away as a gift.
I liked them so much, I ordered another one for my truck.
I didnt know it HAS to be plugged in to charge... just know that buyer. Charges well though... my galaxy S8 and his Iphone X.
So easy to use & it’s lightweight
Works great for iPhone 8
Mine is over 3 years old with zero problems. Been used everynight first with an S7 edge and the a S8. Anker makes GREAT products! Dont even second guess a purchase. Those that complain most likely bump them out of place which will stop ANY qi charger.
I love these pads, the one problem Ive had with all my  phones as far back as my Blackberries is the charge ports. Over time they wear out from use, pulling on the cord, droppage. With the wireless charging theres nothing to wear out just set your phone down on it and it charges. After NewEgg stopped carrying (or the manufacturer stopped making) the 6 microusb cords that at $1.50 Id order 6+ at a time I looked at what to start buying next. Anker cables got good reviews all around and really werent that much more per cable when buying them in packs. The cables have been fantastic and they really do last. The Anker flashlight I bought wasnt bad, the power pack has been quite handy and this charging pad has continued my streak of good luck purchasing Anker products. I hope to be purchasing Anker products for many years to come. Update: I bought this Nov last year, it is now April and still going strong. I need to buy another of these things, it boggles the mind that they still make phones WITHOUT wireless charging.
Wife loves it. Just plug in and she sits her phone on it when not using and charges right away. Fast charger and easy to use.
I am glad I went with Anker.  The charger worked without any issue.
Great phone charger. I have always been a fan of ANKER products, so I didn’t hesitate to get this product. I would have given 5 stars, but I do have a magnetic mount for my car (plate in phone case) which doesn’t allow it to charge. Therefor I do need to remove my case before charging. I have tried moving the plate lower on my phone, but noticed the phone was warm upon picking it up off the charger.
Works perfect! And through case!
Works.
The original did not work however the seller promptly replaced it and the new one works great.
Love this - second one I’ve ordered and use w my Galaxy Note 8!!
Very nice and convenient.
Always works, super simple. Led lights up to let you know it’s working, but not so bright to be annoying. Would buy again.
Charges my phone very well
No issues with charging my iPhone Xs.  Works great, even through the phone case.  I highly recommend Anker products.
I use this with a standard 3.0 wall charger and it works great.
Ive been using this wireless charger for 4 months and I hasnt had a single problem. It is super thin and does not scratch.
I like the convenience of just setting my phone down and it charges.  This charger does the job.  This is also a great charger if you have issues with your charging port and your phone supports wireless charging.
This product has already stopped working. Very disappointed in the product. It is around a year old. We will not purchase another one!! ***Update, the company has replaced this model with a newer, better model. That item has only been in use for a day so I cannot give a detailed review, but have moved my rating to a 4 star being the good customer service!!! ***
I have had this charger for about 3 days now, Each night I place my phone on it before going to bed and the blue light turns on indicating that it is charging. Somewhere in the night it stops and I wake up to find that its never fully charged once. Update: I was contacted by Anker Customer service and was sent a new charging pad that works perfectly.
I love most anker products and this charger is great for the price. I love how small it is compared to some others and works just as well as any other wireless charger.
Works perfect. I was concerned about the charge overheating my phone. It got a little warm, but nothing concerning. I am very happy with my purchase.
Works great as long as you dont try to charge your phone on the wrong side like I did. It does make you realize however, that charging with a cord is way more practical and convenient.
Considering ordering a second one for my nightstand. First one works great on my desk. Love the low profile.
It isnt fast charging but its still really great and gets the job done just as fine
Works great
Works great! Does exactly what I need it to.
Working great!
Works great with my iPhone X.  I was worried it wouldn’t work with a case on.  It does.
I use this everyday, and it works great!  Fast charging my Galaxy s7 edge is no issue.
Bought it for my husband. He thought it stopped working. It was just a matter of phone placement. My son took it and has been using it without complaint
Its a good charger, does what its supposed to, but the charging is definitely not as fast as a stock fast-charger
Super happy ! Anker makes greatly stuff. Great Seller got it fast !
Works well. Easy to use.
Works like it should! Long as your phone is QI, this charger will work for it.
Loved this so I bought another one for work. It works with my case too!
It started off as a good product that was easy to use for my iPhone8. After about 5 days of use, the blue light on the charging pad continuously blinks signifying something is not working properly. I tried using different outlets and cords but does not make a difference. Does not charge my phone at all now. Disappointing that it lasted only a week. ***Anker did reach out and sent a new wireless charger that has been functioning properly.
This charging pad is working exactly as expected with an iPhone 8 Plus in a mid-thickness case.  It gets a bit warm and isnt fast-charging, but it is being used as a place to park the phone overnight for ease up pickup in the morning--when quickcharging we use a different solution.  As always Anker was chosen as the brand given its stellar service and reputation.
Ok
First of all, this is our new nightstand charging adapter. It’s perfect for that. At bed time, the phone gets set down and you can feel it connect and start charging with a little buzz. Waking up in the dark and needing to use the flashlight so as to not disturb your partner is hassle-free now because there’s no cord to worry about. Grab and go. Or setting it back to charge, again no fumbling with cords in the dark. It would be great to have another at work, but I find that the downside to this type of charger is if you have low power, you can’t charge and use phone simultaneously. So, strategically placing chargers wherever you can set your phone down to charge while you do other things is part of the trade off. At the same time, my charge lasts all day with the exception of heavy use days. On those days, a half-hour yo hour charge in the middle of the day usually gets me through.
Recently bought this for my iphone XS. Its been working great and super easy to setup. I bought one for my office and one for home.
I love anker products and buy tons of anker products.... After I posted this comment, Anker contacted me and offered to replace my charger, free of charge.  I am thankful for the amazing support from Anker and will continue to purchase Anker products.
Quick delivery. Good product
Charger is fickle about phone placement and I often wake to find a dead battery after a night of being on this wireless charger. However, the worst part is the coil whine from this charger. The charger is on my nightstand and I constantly hear a faint, high-pitched oscillating noise while charging. Quite annoying. Update: Anker reached out and provided a replacement wireless charger. The new charger is great so far. No more annoying whine or high-pitched noise. Kudos to Anker for reaching out and providing excellent customer service!
Super good
When plugged in it makes a constant buzzing noise. Noise goes away when phone is charging. **Update: New one works great. Thanks for the great support Anker!
Un producto que cumple las espectativas.
Love these I even bought more
Worked for a few days, now no longer works
I had an issue with my phone over heating and not being able to charge. The Anker staff was very responsive and quick to help me fix the issue
Doesn’t charge my phone (iPhone XS) as fast as a lightening charger but still easy to use and cheap
It works, great price.
This new charger has been such a game changer. I’ve had previous chargers from different brands that required me to take off my phone case in order to work- but not this one. I can just lay my phone down with both a pop socket and thick charger and it is still able to charge. I especially like how thin it is- I’m an absolute nut about my living space not being overtaken by bulky products and this is barely noticeable! Overall I’m happy with this purchase and will definitely be recommending it to friends who’ve had the same problem with bulky phone cases!
Great price
Exactly as described exactly what I needed
Only works when my phone is completely centered. Other than that, A+
Works great on the wifes IPhone XR.  Great product.
Works just like its supposed to do and is extremely affordable considering the alternatives.
I love that I can just put my phone down and it will recharge on the Anker Wireless Charger! Id buy it again and just may give as gifts.
Phone Must be positioned correctly to work but very nice product
I was skeptical about this wireless charger because the price was so low but I was pleasantly surprised. I have a Samsung Galaxy S9 with a textured case. The charger works every time and charges just as quickly or quicker than the wired charger. Just make sure the phone is centered on the pad, easy to do. My wife has a Galaxy S6 (which was not listed as compatible but it works) with a plastic case and it chargers her phone faster than the wired charger her phone came with. Of course this does NOT come with a wall adapter (hence 4 stars for Material Quality) so I am using the one that came with my S9. I plan to buy another one of these wireless chargers so my wife and I will each have one. Edit: I just ordered another one for my wifes Galaxy S6
Great Product. Ill be purchasing more.
Its deliberately unassuming and it does what it says its meant to do. Excellent!
This wireless charger works just as expected with no problems. It works with just about any receiver (regardless of brand or what device it is connected to). The charging pad does come with a short USB cable out of the box. It does not come with a wall adapter so if you need one, youll have to order that separately. It also does not come with a receiver. (If your device isnt wireless charging capable out-of-the-box, youll need one to use this.) Overall I would recommend it and have had no problems with it since it was purchased.
I purchased this product to use with an iPhone 8.  Ive had it for just a couple of weeks, but so far Im very pleased. Since there are no moving parts, Im hoping that it will work for a long time.  Its convenient to not fumble with cords, just place the phone on the mat and go to bed.  It charges right through the Otter Box case I use, so Im happy for that, too.  Ive had other Anker products and Ive always felt that they offered good value.  So far, so good!
Great product! When it comes to anker you can trust them since I’ve gotten most of their product and never had a problem with them. If you want a wireless charger this one won’t disappoint
I PHONES DID GREAT WITH IT. SAMSUNG NOTE 8 CHARGED SLOW. THE IPHONE USERS IN OUR HOME USE IT AND ARE HAPPY.
Charges my phone even with a case as soon as I put it down and rather quickly. For the price this product is a must!
I never imagined how much I would enjoy setting my phone on this charger rather than fumbling around with a cable and plug. It just works.
Works great even with OtterBox Defender
Had this about 6 months, works great on my iPhone X
The wireless charger was very easy to set up and use. A micro usb cable was included to power the device.  The only complaint was that the soft touch finish on the top wore off a little after a few weeks of use.
This is everything it said it was and I couldnt be more happier works great its slim and small very incognito great buy great price if you need ancharfing deck this is it i assure you
Doesn’t charge as fast as with cable but is durable and reliable.
Works perfect!
LOVE....what I love about this product is that you can set your cell phone down and walk away and its charging the whole time. No cords!!!
what can i say? it works perfectly.
Works perfect
Make sure you buy the Anker power source to go with it!
We keep our iPhones for years, and thisll save wear and tear on the plug socket for charging. Warning: The charger flashes at night (when its fully charged?) and isnt welcome in a dark bedroom. But its perfect wherever you put your phone at the office or at home so it can charge while just sitting there.
This WiFi charger stops drawing power when my iPhone is fully charged. I dont use an Apple 12W USB power adaptor because it gets hot when it continues draw power to charge a fully charged device. This well-designed WiFi charger plugged into the Apple adaptor solves the problem.
I was skeptical and held off buying - tho the technology interested me and I just thought it was a cool idea! But it works! And works well! And even works well with my case and metal piece for car mount!
Very good
Good one!!!
Charging my IPhone XR really well and really fast like super charge speeds love it.
This product satisfied three critical needs being a nightstand charger: no fan, unobtrusive LED, and compact. The cost is also reasonable despite not including a power wart. We are using the Anker Quick Charge 3.0 18W USB wall charger with this wireless changer. LED: The low emission LED is blue but does not distract from sleeping.  The LED is at the top edge of the charger, so it can be easily covered up by the phone if needed. Noiseless: There’s no fan, so it is relying on passive heat dissipation and temperature monitoring to keep things from getting too toasty. Compactness: The disc shaped charger is small and the cable was nice and malleable (I can’t stand cables that try to snap back into their packaged geometry!), allowing easy placement on the nightstand. It is large enough for an iPhone XR and iPhone XS to rest on it without stability issues. The iPhone XS and XR have no issues with placement on the charger— I really don’t have to try, which is truly key for any wireless charger. The charger is grippy enough on the nightstand so it doesn’t move out of place. It also takes barely anymore room than a phone. Bonus - Low Heat: I’d say it feels a few degrees above body temperature at the initial charging period — not bad and seemingly no worse than wired charging. The charger appears to be very good at controlling its charging (with I imagine input from the phone) since by morning the phone isn’t warm but is still fully charged. The LED also indicates the charger is still in charge mode — perhaps it is trickling power? No idea but it works the way I hoped it would: a 100% charged phone, every morning. For the first-ever wireless charger I’ve ever had, I’m extremely satisfied and look forward many years of charging.  Wireless charging is really quite amazing.. no more finding the cable end; no more cabling noisily smacking against the night stand or flopping uselessly onto the floor; no more lightning port wear and tear. AND now we’ve got a few extra lightning cables and 5 watt adapters left over by switching to wireless — perfect for a travel kit or guests. Oh and it works with the Speck Presidio Pro case.
My no nonsense review, if you want more technical Im sure you can find. I use it on my Galaxy 9 and it does the job, my only reason for 4 stars is that sometimes when you think its charging it may be off a bit. I dont know if thats just me not laying the phone on it correctly or the device. I guess thats why a cradle type device is a little better
Good charger
Awesome product
100% what I wanted and needed
This charger was great for about 8 months and then it stopped working. Update, The company sent me a replacement without me asking. What an amazing service. The new one is working well now.
Excellent works perfect, excellent price
I love this charger. I could decide what one to buy. So I purchased the Samsung fast charge and the Anker. Hands down the Anker is the way to go. Price is way less and charges just as fast. I really see no difference. Even at the same price I would choose the Anker over the Samsung.
Nice product. Would buy again. Compact for traveling.
excelent!
Quick charges my Galaxy S8 with no problems and is much less picky about phone placement than the Samsung unit.
works as advertised, charges my phone quickly
Everything works as noted in its advertisement.
Good choice for anyone looking for a wireless charger! :)
Works as intended. Using for an iPhone Xs Max with Apples Charging Case and charges both the phone and case with zero issues
Very nice charger
Very useful and easy to use.
Small size, easy to get phone in correct place for charging. Only issue I had was it quit working about 3 weeks after I got it. Contacted Amazon and replacement was sent. Replacement one has been working great for months with no issues. Would buy another if I ever need one.
Phone doesn’t slide off it easily. It charges through my wallet case. I have used it for a few months and it is still going strong
These work great for charging,  but are slower than the wall plug.  Great for charging overnight!
Arrived with a torn cable. Worked fine for ~7 months then stopped working.
I purchased this wireless charger because it says it works at a 5mm distance from the phone, well, this is not completely true, I purchased 5 brands of wireless chargers, (conducting an experience to embed wireless charging into my car), and this one was among the weakest, especially with a protective case. UPDATED REVIEW : ANKER cares about their customers, and stands 100% behind their products, this is what you expect from respectful companies, and Anker is one of them, 3-4 hours after my previous review, Anker contacted me, to see why I wasnt 100% satisfied (although the previous rating was not 1 star, but 3 stars), I sent them a reply explaining the issue, and I told them that I was not dissatisfied, just that I was expecting more, so, they asked for my pones protective  case, researched it, and said that its thickness made it less wireless charging friendly, they even sent me a charging pad, more expensive than the wireless charger I originally bought, and shipped it EXPEDITE. !!!!! this is a company that deserves respect, and from now on, whenever I need anything, I will search for their products first >>>>>>>>>>
Been using for a couple months... works great with my Galaxy S9+. Its quite slim & isnt really noticeable when not being used.
Its easy to use and works great as long as you put your phone on it correctly.
it was very easy to use
Perfect
It doesnt charge as fast as I thought it would, but thats the only drawback to me. I have one for the home and office.
Picture shows a cord. Does not include one. It’s pretty pointless without one and not such a great deal in light of that. UPDATE: Anker reached out to me and is sending a cable to me. Really proactive customer service. Once I get the cable and use this, I will update on how the original product works! Update: Received cord. Upgraded rating to 5 stars for excellence customer service and product functionality.
Charges phone quickly and easy to use
Works perfect with my iPhone 10 Plus
This is perfect! It is nice and sleek, very easy to use and even works with a pop socket and thin case on unlike most other wireless chargers
my phone plug wasnt working so I tried this and it works great! Saved me from having to pay for repair or buy a new phone.
Use with iPhone XR with case
Works great, my son loves it
Great product.
Great quality and easy to use with new iPhones the only complaint is that it is a little slow to charge a phone.
Works great with the iPhone XR. Small and blends in nicely.
Funciona a la perfección con iPhone 8 Plus. Buenos materiales y tamao adecuado. Recomendado.
This item works fine. Just what I expected.
My only objection was on my iPhone 8 I bought a protective case from Anker that was stated to work with a inductive charger. While it does charge it is slower then using the cable  I used the same 2.1 amp Anker charger that I used with the FireWire cable and charging takes almost twice as long
Charges fine.
So far, we love them!
Kind of slow charging, but when just at your desk anyway its not a problem. Great for getting some extra juice in the battery while hanging out, or it will definitely give a full charge if used for a few hours. Get a high speed charger for your car if thats an issue. I havent tried with popsocket and a case, but just popsocket works fine
Easy to take and use on the road.
Works really well, easy to set up and use.
This is super easy to use. I keep one on the bedside table and one inside my computer bag. In the computer bag I use the Anker Wireless Charger to charge my USB-C phone and I can use the USB-Micro cable to charge my other devices. Now I only need to carry one USB cable to charge everything!
Use ut daily on mu samsung and iphone qorks great
Used with LGV30. These phones charge super fast with wall, but not with this charger. Tried with multiple phones (LG & Apple). Just slow. But okay when at work when I can take case off and let it sit for a few hours.
I use this at work, its a tiny bit temperamental,  i have to place my phone in the exact right place, but ive got it dialed in lol and it works great.
I love this product I have purchased 3 for my family and they are just amazing. I have gone to this company for other products like a solar charger for camping and they have yet to disappoint.
OVer all I am pleased with device. My old phone had to be replaced because the connector where I pulled it in, had simply worn out.  To hopefully preserve my new phones charge connector slot, I decided to get a wireless charger. The device works fine, the two main issues I have with it,  its not a fast charger. I generally charge it at night, and my phone is fully charged by morning.  If I need a fast charge,  I have to directly plug it in. With a fast charger, I can fully charge my phone in under an hour, with the wireless charger, much longer. The only other issue is phone placement on the pad.  You lay your phone in the center of the pad, to charge it. NORMALLY it works fine, but if you get it off center, it may not work. I have twice not had my phone charge, because of this.  Its not a game breaker. but it is an issue to be aware of. I generally closely check to make sure it IS charging. Overall the product works well, and I do recommend it.
Works through my case with my Google Pixel 3.  Super happy!
Your phone gets warm after use.  I use this only when I’m needing a quick charge, I still use a wall charger and battery pack on most days.
I purchased one of these as my first foray into wireless charging when I broke my iPhone 7 and replaced it with the Xs. In short, I now wish all of my rechargeable devices had wireless charging functionality. I now have several of these charging different devices all around my house and bought a wireless charger for my car as well. The charging tech is solid, and this specific charger is just about everything you could want in a basic charging pad. The surface is soft touch and I have no issues keeping the device from slipping off. While it doesn’t come with a wall plug, I’m willing to forgive considering what I’ve paid.
Cool product and works flawlessly. Saves wear on my S8 charging port which has been acting up. Minus 1 for the finish wearing off the surface after about a month of use.
First of all it works I’ve never had it not work and second it’s made by Anker. I don’t buy anything else but Anker products. If you wanna spend more on the big-name stuff Go head.
I’ve learned to trust Anker for quality products! I buy all my chargers, speakers, and small tech accessories from them, and I’ve never regretted it! The wireless charger works without any issue, and makes charging my phone at my desk a little more simple—I just set it down on the slim pad.
No dislikes! WORKS fantastic! Charges iphone XR like nothing and even with case on it without any issue. easy to assemble and use overall! Anker has always been trusting and I’ve never been let down by any of their products!
This wireless charger is one of the best. Its the best bang for the buck. Its cheap and high quality. The wireless charger features a very good anti slide feature where it is great if you have a desk like mine where things always slide off. It is EXTREMELY simple to use. Just place you phone and it will charger, there are no readjustments needed. The only problem is that I had received a malfunctioned product, but Anker immediately responded to my email, well over their work hours, to send me a replacement. ANKER support team - you are the best
Perfecto
Works great for me but the popsicles on my wife’s phone doesn’t allow it to charge.
I love wireless charging and I love how I can charge my iPhone X with a case on and a pop socket.
Love the ability to lay my phone on my nightstand.  No more fumbling in the dark to plug in my power cord.
Amazed! My phone charges super fast and works amazing
Great item and sleek design
This is a great pad.
Other than it’s only 5w it is a good value wireless charger
My favorite wireless charging pad
Received as advertised.
Made the effort to email me and replace the wireless charger since mine had broken. Has been working great since!
Hands down the best! It charges fast and it is a universal charger for various models. Highly recommended!
Works great even with the case still on
Anker continues to be my go-to for charging. I was a little put aback when I saw the prices for wireless chargers until Anker came to the rescue once again. My wife got the I-phone XS Max for me for Christmas and I wanted to use the wireless charging feature but the prices of some of the chargers were, well higher than I expected. I checked Anker right away and was pleased to find that once again “great product at a great value” proved to be the case. This makes our sixth Anker product. 2 multi USB port (1-5 port & 1-10 port) + 2 Car USB chargers & 1 other ( stand up) wireless Phone charger. With no failures in 4 years since we purchased the first product.  Any electronic device that can take Central Florida summers in a car get my glowing review.
I bought this wireless charger while it was on sale for $11.  Ive always wanted to try one since my phone has the capability to charge wirelessly, and the brand name one for my phone was rather expensive. I love the Anker brand, and more than half of all the tech-related stuff I own is by Anker. I recommend the brand 100%, and have never had a problem with any of their products. A few heads up: This is in the product title, but this does not come with an AC Adapter (the wall plug). Anker does sell these if you need one. Second, if youre looking for the cord to stretch far from a plug to a nightstand, or anything of that sort, be aware that it is only about 2 feet, if even. This wasnt a problem for me, but it might be for some. I just plugged it into a surge protector. Ive had the product for about a week and have had no problem with it. Would reccomend.
Works great!
Sooooo easy to use!
Nice charger
Girlfriend loved it, so I wound up buying two more for my place and work. Then bought two more as backups.  Produces almost no charging-related heat if you charge with a 5V1A charger (though for whatever reason the box warns against this). No research I could find notes negative performance or battery impact from slow chargers.
Works... simple to use... and if the blue light starts flashing and your phone does not charges... restart the phone before calling Anker. This should solve the charging problem, if not call the company. Give them 30 minutes after they open to be able to talk to someone.
One month in and still loving this.  Very durable and charges almost as quick as the plug-in.  Very pleased.
Love this product! Easy to use and chargers my phone fast.
I’m an Anker fan and I’m pleased this works.
After purchasing my iPhone Xs I wanted to use a wireless charger in my bedroom so that I could simply set my phone down on my nightstand and wake up with a charged phone.  The wireless charger I have had for a few years has a bright blue light that would wake me up at night.  I had tried a competitors product but found that it would intermittently stop charging in the middle of the night so I returned it.  When I saw this charger go on sale for less than 1/3 of the price I decided to give it a try.  What I found was a reliable charger that outperformed all of the other charges I have tried with an indicator light that is easily covered up.  Because the charging rings are circular you can easily place your phone over the indicator if you dont want to see it or place it 90 degrees and have a nice charging indicator so you dont have to tap your phone.  I would highly recommend this to anyone and at this price you cant beat it. By the way, I am charing an iPhone Xs Max in an Element case with a non-metallic rear plate ~2mm thick and still getting awesome charging speeds.
this product works
I have a couple of different models these inductive chargers for my iPhone 8, this one works the best, is not as finicky about the exact placement of the phone on the pad to charge, Id had it for a while and Id buy it again.
Nothing to dislike here
Easy to set up. I was so happy on how it charged my phone that I bought a second one for my wife
Best charger for IPhone! Fast charging, it is easily cleared of dust, does not fade
Works great grandson loves it
I wish it was strong enough to work through the cases.
Love that I can wirelessly charge my iPhone Xr! Good quality charger. Small and unobtrusive on my nightstand.
Easy to use just charges kind of slow
Excellent for end table near couch or bed....faster charge than I expected. Cord to outlet is short so likely will need a longer one unless it sits a foot from a power source.
Works as expected, just drop the phone on and it charges.  It comes with a cord but no transformer/charger end.  We have plenty of these around the house so no big deal.  I like this one and would buy again
Great product at a great price
Excellent product and great value for its price
The charger works great and is awesome for the price. I’ve had no issues with charging and the build quality is what you’d expect. The only issue is the cord that comes with is not very long, but it uses micro usb so it’s easy it just buy a new one.
Works wonders for us!!
Using it on our nightstand.  Awesome.
Nice product!
Worked well
This was really easy to use and charges moderately well. But the discoloration or wearing off of the surface shine happened with mine about two weeks in. Seems like if thats a design flaw, it should be fixed by now, but that doesnt appear to be the case. If youre concerned about keeping your stuff looking nice, this charger may not be for you. ***Update: the customer care focused folks at Anker got in touch and offered a replacement for the wireless charger mentioned above. A significant change that should make a difference is that the charger no longer has a shiny surface and has been replace with a matte one. Its a huge improvement and the charging capabilities appear on par with the quality Ive come to expect from Anker. Nice one! Ive added another star.***
So far haven’t had any issues with it
Great product! Faster than expected wireless charging.
Simple and fast
Works great for my iPhone XS, great buy!
Does the job decently enough. Dropped few times from side table. But still going on. Only flaw i see is a slow charging, which may be a technological limitation. Overall not bad at all
Works as advertised. Seems to charge slower than plug charging but will charge completely overnight
Great product. Works perfectly. Cannot charge through a magnet backplate (if you use this for a car mount). Note: I put my backplate lower on the phone so I can use both, but it would be nice if they could work out a way to develop a backplate that could work in conjunction with wireless tech.
It charged threw a case so u don’t have to take the case off to charge on pad  charged fast
The product really works as it is advertised. Anker is such an amazing company and all products are of good quality. In addition, you cant go wrong with the price when it comes to the wireless charging pad. The only thing to note is that the pad itself is a bit small but otherwise perfect.
Seems to be working fine the first 30 days
Its great. Easy to use. Sturdy.
He says its the best gift I ever got him! WOW! Thats saying something. Wonderful product.
Works well for wireless charging, has an attractive design, and uses nice materials. Just know that if you use it without a case it will be slippery on a glass back.
It fast charges the iphone x
Works well. Easy to charge.
Love not having to plug my phone in. Just set it down and charges. Pretty quickly too!
First wireless charger. LOVE IT
Ive bought two of these off of Amazon.  After receiving the first and enjoying the product, I bought a second.  After I bought the second one I received an email from Anker direct through the Amazon Marketplace.  I read the email and noticed that it recommended a power brick that provides 5V/2a(10W) and strongly advises against using the standard iPhone brick (which I was using).  Ive since changed bricks and havent had any issues, but the guidelines for the power brick were not in the limited paperwork in the box.  I do like the charger and would recommend it.
Todo OK
Son loved it
Muy rápido en carga de iPhone 10
Anker brand has earned my trust.  I picked this over the many other wireless chargers out there because a.) it is similar in price, and b.) I have learned that Anker products arent junk and that the customer service stands behind their products. There is nothing particularly noteworthy about this product except that it does what is is supposed to.  I have one with for it, and that is that the charging indicator light didnt get covered up by the phone in certain positions. Also, you should note that this doesnt come with a USB wall adapter.
I use this every night to charge my phone and it works wonder to charge my phone! You just have to make sure you put it on th pad so that your phone actually starts charging, sometimes it doesn’t “click” right away.
Sleek and good working
Didn’t know about the different plug, but once I got them the wireless chargers are great! I was skeptical for the price or maybe wouldn’t be compatible with my iPhone 8 but works great. One on my night stand and one for my desk at work!
This is such a great wireless charger. Doesn’t make any sound or anything at all, I have next to my night stand and is very convenient and easy to use. I wish they have other colors but this one works just fine for me
No dislikes use it for my iPhone 8plus
UPDATE: Anker reached out to me and helped me resolve the issue to one of the items I’ve purchased.  Thank you very much Anker!  More power to you! - - - - - - - - - - - Hi Anker. I bought 2 of these and Anker has always been a good brand.  Both of them worked fine but after a month, one have stopped working and just blinks a red light. How can I repair it? The other one works just fine.
The product looks slim and simple which I like. However, it does not charge my iPhone as fast if I am using the lightning cable. This charger is great if you are using it to charge your phone at night while youre sleeping. However, if youre not in a rush of getting your phone charged up quickly to go somewhere, then the better option would be owning a faster wireless charger, or use your lightning cable instead.
This is my first wireless charger to own, but I like that the surface has some grip to it so my phone doesnt move around or slip off. Quality product!
This is a fast charger I love it
Product worked fine for a week then stopped charging. Update: Great customer service! They contacted me and sent me a replacement charger and that one seems to be working perfectly.
Very good product charges through case even
Won’t charge your phone super fast but we love being able to leave our phones on then over night. Best part of all....No blue lights like all the wireless charges you find on here!
It works like it supposed to.  My Mom is using it to charge her Kindle Fire with the receiving pad we got.
Its one of those little things you think wouldnt make much of a difference, but then I remember how almost ever time I change something to wireless its better. And unlike bluetooth or wifi where you can have trouble connecting, this just works. You just lay your phone on top of it and your done. It uses micro USB which was a nice touch for me too, not I technically dont need those Apple thunderport cables. Yeah it wasnt a big deal to connect a charger to begin with, but sometimes you forget to disconnect the cable when you pull it, or for some reason your motor skills just arent there today so connecting that tiny slot just is not happening, or if you messy like me that wire is all over the place, and you have to search for it, or you end up yanking it out of place. I dont know I can just tell you I like using this much better. And while thats true of any wireless charger this is the first one Ive ever gotten and all I can say is that it works great, and at this price thats pretty amazing.
Feels great and easy to use
I bought the black/black charger, which works absolutely perfectly. I place my phone on at night, and it powers my phone to 100%. I was worried at first that wireless chargers may not provide enough charge fast enough, but Im able to use my iPhone X for 16+ hours before having to charge it again. I also love the green light that lets me know that my phone is charging. When the lights are off and Im already laying in bed, I can place my phone on the charger without looking but will know its charging from the green glow. Only reason for 4 stars is that this particular charger has a diameter a little larger than Id like, but thats just a minor point.
Was my first wireless charger. The charger itself looks solid and does what it should even with a heavy case. For some reason the cable stopped working after 5 mins. Fortunately it is just micro-usb so I had a lot of them. Not a big deal Upd: Customer service is amazing. Quickly resolved the issue. 5 stars Upd2: if u feel that charging is slow change a wall adapter to 2A. It improves charging rate drastically
I bought 3 of these.  One used with my daughters iphone 10s.  The other two are for my other daughters iphone 8.  They are both very happy with the performance.
Why did I EVER use a manual charger!? HIGHLY RECOMMEND
I bought 2 of these chargers for our Galaxy S9 and Note 9 phones for overnight charging.  Worked great right out of the box!  As others have stated, the included USB adapter cable is a little short.  And a USB electrical plug adapter is not included. But we have USB ports on the electrical outlets so no USB plug adapter was needed in our case.  Overall, very pleased with these very affordable charging pads!
I bought a charger for my husbands phone, which was not compatible I found out, but the company bent over backwards to help me get something to make me happy.  I ended up giving the charger to my son, but will use this company should I need some other product for our family’s phone.
Cant really travel with it because it has to be hooked to a running computer...unless I am missing something??? Other than that its great.
Easy to use and charges quickly. Use it for Galaxy s7. It does not fast charge my Galaxy s9, though.
Good product, does what it is supposed to
Great Product
It works.  Not as fast nor as high quality as a Samsung one but decent.
Best wireless charger Ive found.
Liked: Ease of use. Did not like: High price.
Producto de buena calidad, inicialmente costaba que funcionara cuando el equipo tenia la funda protectora, pero después al moverlo un poco, si funcionó. Recomendable
Very simple and works great
It got 4 stars because it works well. But you have to get it on the pad just right or a phone wont charge
I was worried that these might not work, but they’re actually pretty great!
I have two of these and they are wonderful, my phone does not get hot and they are easy to use.
I use this every night. My husband has a different brand wireless charger that is super difficult. If it isn’t lined up just right it won’t charge and if it barely gets bumped it stops charging. I haven’t had a single issue with mine. I recommend this one. I have an iPhone XR
Just got this and so far its been great. It has a nice texture to keep it in place and keep the phone from sliding. The USB cord that comes with it is a bit short, but otherwise Im very pleased!
It works great charges fast just lay your phone down on top and it charges.
Really easy to use, and so much easier to keep on bedside table vs fiddling for a cable. Amazing price
Product came in fairly quickly. Easy to use and works great for the price. I have the iPhone XS Max and it charges overnight no issues with the charger would definitely recommend
Excellent charger for the iphone XR.
Great price, great quality, and your device will charge very quickly.
Super convienent. Love how I can just place my phone down and go about my business... no more plugging and unplugging for me.
Love how easy it is to charge it wireless.
this is the second one i bought.  The first one came a few days before this.  I only bought this becaause it said NEW as in newer version, and it was on sale for about 1/2 the price of the first one.  I cannot tell any difference between the two and will have to do more research.  I will say that they DO work with my popsocket and through the phone cover ! thats a big plus !  it does have a coating on the back to help prevent the charger from slipping. the light that comes on to show its charging is a tiny blue dot--the dot is only on during charging.  the cord is about 3ft long and is usb.  i do recommend this for the price and ease of use.  especially since it charges through the phone cover and popsocket .
Good wireless charger
Great for travel or everyday use. Flat, set compatible phone on top to charge. Love it
Definitely worth buying!
Fast charge. Very surprised how well it works for the price.
Very good for the price, bought 2
Great charger
Superior quality. Would highly recommend.
Great product, work like a charm.
Update! Anker team reached out to me directly and offered an apology and is sending me a better version of the wireless charger because the previous one wasnt strong enough to charge my S9.. It started out good and now after a little over a month .. nothing. my phone take forever to get a proper charge. Sad thing is I actually liked Anker products. not happy with this one to say the least
Works well charges through my otterbox case.
Good product with a decent price. Seems to charge a bit faster than the original cable (Iphone 8)
This product was exactly what i wanted. simple wireless charger for my iphone xr. only issue i had was i use a metal plate in my cover to mount my phone in my car and if you have the metal plate dead center over the battery the unit will not work. So all i did was place the metal plate in a different way so that the charger would still work. Highly recommend and considering buying another for work.
Like it works perfectly
It does the work. Charges all type of phones.
Works great!
all ready
It’s a good charger but I think it’s a bit slow. My mom has a different brand that charges much faster. However it works well and I love the convenience of not having to plug in my phone.
Still using it. This is great product!!
This was a great choice, Im glad I got it when the price dropped.  Excellent deal.  I have two cheaper, off-brand units that I thought they were okay until I saw how much better this one is.  Its stronger and has a larger pad, meaning I can lay the phone anywhere on it and dont have to be so precise.  It works flawlessly!
I’ve had the product 5 months and it started blinking blue which meant it died or that it is faulty. Its a good product until it dies. Was hoping it will live longer than just 5 months. Update on Review: Anker were quick to reply and were great with their support. I was sent a new charger within 2 days. Great support.
I use this every night to charge my phone on my nightstand. Hasnt let me down! I have had nights where my phone doesnt charge, but thats because i forget to put it on the charger correctly. Just throw it on the charger and if it doesnt say its charging, move it around til it does. Simple, effective.
Awesome
No worries No problems. Like it like that!!
So far this charger has been working perfectly. I have not had any difficulty with positioning my phone on it like some people have mentioned. My phone starts charging immediately when I place it on there. My only suggestion for Anker is to include a longer cable. I knew I was only getting a 3 ft cable when I ordered it, so I cant complain though. All my anker products work well and I always recommend them to others!
I bought this for my desk at work, the cord is pretty short but if you are plugging it into a USB port on a computer it will work fine. The cord wouldnt reach the outlet near my desk. Charges well and is smaller than other wireless charges, which was perfect for my already full desk.
Works great and emits very little light which makes it perfect for the bedside table.
I want to revise my review because Anker has outstanding Customer Service. When I wrote that the charger had stopped working, they contacted me and sent a newer upgraded charger to replace the one that wast working. With customer service like that and such a great guarantee that the client will be satisfied, I will never give buying a product from Anker them a second thought. They have definitely won a loyal customer. I rarely write reviews but felt I needed to write one for this product because after a month of use it has stopped working. I did not use it for a while because I bought it in anticipation of changing my phone. I started using it this January. It worked great at first, but after a while the blue light doesn’t come on and it won’t charge my phone. I don’t have the packaging any more or I would return it. Not sure if it’s a fluke or if you just have to buy a super expensive version.
Amazing product for and amazing price. Works like a charm. The company wants to package their product like the company nest would but I would suggest they stick to the basics. It took forever to open. Overall great quality for a great price
Easy to use just takes a bit longer than the direct cable.
Bought it as a present for the college student. Can not give my full attention for rating, due to lack of feedback.
Awesome
Used on iPhone XS Max with otter box pursuit. Delivered on time easy to use and assemble. I had doubts about it working with my case but I works well so far.
Cool
Bought this thinking it would fast charge my s8+ but did not. Anker got in touch with me and sent me one that would. Excellent customer service and good product.
Awssome
Had an issue like a few others with my original unit, the Anker team reached out to me shortly after to get a new unit to me which works perfectly! Thank you Anker!!
Excelente
Works great and is reasonably priced compared to other brands selling the same thing for $60. I bought a second one for my home office as well as the one for my nightstand.
The product was working as advertised even with the phone case for my Samsung galaxy s9. Although One fine day it stopped working after the satisfactory performance for 2 months.  So I initiated return. AnkerDirect was really proactive and reached out to me know more about what happened and  offered onther charger. New one works just like the old one used to. Bumping up 2 stars just for the quick customer care response and helpfulness in resolving issue quickly.
I was wondering if this would work with my Otterbox. It worked perfectly
I bought two LG G7 smartphones about 8 months ago and this charger works fine with one of them, but doesnt work at all with the other.  Not sure if it is the charger, or the phone, and I suspect the phone, but we tried to boot into Safe Mode and the wireless charging still didnt work.  Besides resetting the phone completely, which I didnt want to do, I guess well try another wireless charger to see if it is actually the phone that isnt working properly.  The other G7 works fine, albeit a slow charge at only 5W.
Its super convenient, and works very well with my s8 (case is metal but easy to remove). Havent used a cable in 3 months  Battery life increased also since it charges the battery slower than a cable. Overall very satisfied and Ill be buying another for more spots in my house.
Usefull, good price, recomended
Works great on our iPhone XS and XR.
No issues, work as expected, recommended
Works great and charged my phone in record time
No complaints here.  Connects easily and stays charging.  Small and easy to put anywhere.
Good
Bought this for my husbands phone and he thinks it is great.
Purchased and couldn’t have been any happier with receiving exactly what was described. Works just as it needs to and the seller shipped very quickly. A++. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Product & Seller !!!
Works well!  Surface came scuffed a bit.  Not a big issue but not 5 stars.
Very happy with this item
Great, no-nonsense wireless charging pad. Works great with our Samsung and Apple phones. Lightweight and easy for travel.
I bought this only a month ago and I was amazed that we have technology that allows our phones to charge by placing it down on a pad. A great overall product by ANKER but unfortunately it failed after only a month. I place my iPhone XS on it and get a blue blinking light but no charge. Very unfortunate. Edit: ANKER has since contacted me about the faulty device and helped me troubleshoot. Turns out, theyre sending me a new replacement product and allowed for me to just throw away the product that no longer works. Great and speedy customer service despite it being the busiest holiday season.
Not good quality at all. Sometimes it works but not others.
Great charger for work
Perfectly reliable
We purchased this for the reviews and price. It did not disappoint. We now own three of them. Two are in our master bedroom (one on each nightstand) and one on our kitchen island.
Works as expected
Muy bien, funciona muy bien, solo que tengo que cerciorarme que el té Regino esté cargando
Product exactly as described.  Shipped quickly, no problems.
Very useful
Works as designed
When I originally got this product I had some issues with it not detecting my device and after trying many different things I still couldn’t get it to work, however the team at Anker reached out to me and worked with me to try to fix the issue. When we couldn’t fix the issue, they sent me a new one and apologized for the inconvenience. Since then, this product has worked very well and I’m very pleased with it. Their customer service is excellent as well.
for no reason, it just quit. maybe got a month of use. UPDATE: Customer service contacted me and have shipped a replacement charger free of charge. Terrific customer service
Great item and compatible with mi Apple product
Great product, charges overnight & does not get hot.
I’m very happy with this charger!
Woke up the next morning to my phone not charged. Always made sure it was charging before I went to bed. Happened multiple times. Just stops at random times. Anker got in contact with me. Faulty charger. Happens and is understandable but they are replacing it!
I like the fact that I can charge my phone (iPhone X) while listening to music using the headphone.  I bought 1 for my office and later bought more for the home.
I really enjoy the look and it’s a nice contrast to my white nightstand. It works really well for my iPhone X and I’d recommend it to anyone who wants my recommendation. I’m planning on getting a wireless charging stand from Anker soon to replace my current one and hopefully it’ll work just as well.
Easy setup. Charges iPhone 8 without issues
Works perfect
It work great
Worked instantly after plugging it in. No set up required
Works perfect, very convenient!
Great value and does the job. Wish the cord was slightly longer
This is a good looking, thin, wireless charging pad.  It has a flat rubberized top which helps keep the phone being charged in place as well as a rubberized bottom which helps keep the charging pad in place.  And its big enough so that your phone sits on it securely, unlike some of the others that are too small so its like playing a balancing game.  It also has a very discreet blue charging light that is not too bright for use in the bedroom. I use this to charge my iPhone XS (my wife uses hers to charge her iPhone X) and it does an excellent job of charging it without any issues.  I havent tested the charging speed but charging speed is a moot point for me because I usually place my iPhone on it overnight when I go to sleep and every morning my iPhone is 100% charged. Ive tried many different wireless charging pads from various brands and so far this one from Anker is the best.  And my experience with Anker is that they not only make great products but they stand by their products.
Excelent
5 stars for the product itself as it works and it is very nice looking. What I didn’t think about though is that my phone is always in its cover, and it’s annoying to take it out and set it on it every night.
Anker is the first brand I look to for power cables and wireless chargers.  Their products do exactly as they say they will and last.  The PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad charges my phone.  Doesnt seem to get hot like some accessories do.  It also seems to be well made.  The top surface wont scratch or harm your device and the bottom wont damage furniture.  Another well made device.
Received the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad last week, came in blue well-packaged box and have been using it with my iPhone 8 and S8 phones. The looks are elegant and slim, doesnt weigh much. Used it on my office desk as well as on my car, and charges the phone. The surface of the wireless charger pad has a black, soft, sturdy non-slip surface with Silicone kind of material, prevents slipping of phone. The phone needs to be placed centered on the surface for charging and small blue LED light indicates the charging. When the device or phone is fully charged, the LED blinks for about 2~3 seconds before turning off. I used my existing  wall charger with 5V/2A rating and used the Micro USB cable provided with the package, and Phones charge well even with the cases on them. Have charged the devices from dead to full charge, and observed that the wireless pad has negligible heating. Due to the sleek and light weight design, use it in my car, and good for handy charge for the phones. For users with magnetic holder in cars / metal plates on the phone cases, need to remove the plates to ensure the wireless charging works and need to make sure the phone  placed on the center of PowerPort Wireless Pad. For the price, this is a worth buy.
Had troubl but they fixed and it works well now even with a case.
I like the affordability of this unit, and its compactness. It’s easily portable, but best kept as a docking station. I had it at my office desk but since I don’t uaually need to charge at work, I keep it at my nightstand instead.
Is really nice not having to plug in a charger on my phone. Not seeing a great time difference from the plugin charger but do love the convenience of just laying my phone on the pad.
they are the greatest, I had a problem and they helped in every way, and have been so nice.  I think Anker has great products.  I will always recommend their products.
Easy to use. I use this for my iphone X and XR, charging takes time otherwise good.
Originally when I got this wireless charger, it charged about 30% an hour.  I sent it back for a refund because I was unhappy, and about a week later I got an email from ANKER. They asked me why I was unhappy, and if I wanted to try something else that might be better for my phone. I agreed to do it, and in 3 days I had a new charger at my door. The best part was that since the last charger gave me issues, they sent me that charger for free just to make sure I was 100% satisfied. ANKER sent me the Anker PowerWave Fast Wireless Charging Pad, and I can say it does a great job! It charges my phone about a percent/2 percent a min.  I really love this kind of business practice that ANKER shows. If I ran that company or any other, I would bend over backward like they did to make sure my customers are 100% satisfied. This rates me an A+ in my book!
Works great
Works as advertised
At first I thought it was a crappy product bc it wouldnt stay powered on but then I realized that the mini USB/power cord was loose and therefore wouldnt keep the charger powered.  I had another Anker portable charger and was able to switch the cords out and both worked, otherwise I would have had to return it.  I may order another one but I am afraid that I may have the same issue!
works great on my iphone Xr.
as expected
Another great AnkerDirect product. You won’t be disappointed.
Wish I had one in every room! Just so convenient! I purchased the other one that props up the phone as well and I love that one even more!
Love this charger! I was shocked as to how light it was when I first took it out of the box. There’s literally no weight to it, & it’s very easy to use. Would definitely buy again.
EZ to use
Works exactly like the one for which the cellular store will charge 4x the price.
Charges device pretty quickly! Just make sure your phone case thickness doesn’t get in the way of the range the wireless charging radius.
This is definitely a must have if you own an iPhone 8 or newer (or anything with wireless charging). All you do is throw it on before you go to bed and you dont need to worry about plugging in your phone in the dark when you cant see. Great product as far as wireless chargers go. I like the look of this one, which I cant say for all wireless chargers out there. Worth the money
It stopped working after a month... Some nights my phone would charge, others nothing at all. Wouldnt recommend it at all. UPDATE: I received a replacement from Anker, and this unit works like a charm... I really think their customer service is the best Ive seen in a while... Thanks Anker support!
Works like a charm....on my phone and my hubbys phone.....I have Samsung Galaxy S8 and he a S7
I just bought my second one.  Chargers very fast, easy to set up and does not break like other charging cords!!
This is so simple to use I just set up the product and just place my phone on it and when I wake up in the morning my phone is charged up. But what I like most about it that it takes off from plugging your phone in all the time, since my charging port is a bit loose this gives me peace of mind with charging my phone.
Wireless charging is the way to go.  So much easier than plugging in a wire which eventually wears out the port on your phone.
Anker wireless charger is phenomenal, I waited about a week until I reviewed it to be safe that it was accurate. It works seemlesly, an impressive piece of technology that I still dont understand. It comes with everything stated YOU WILL NEED TO GET YOUR OWN POWER BRICK but it has the micro USB and the charging pad, like I said just a wall adapter. I have a semi thick case but I havent had any issues charging it. lastly its a great price from an amazing company ANKER FOR LIFE
Well designed product. Didnt look cheap at all.  The only problem was that it kept on turning off on Galaxy S8 mid charge. Update:  I returned the original product.  The company got in touch with me to send me a PowerPort Wireless 10.  It works fine now with Galaxy S8.  Now I can share the charger with other devices at home, without having to fumble with USB adapters.  Great customer service.
This is a great charger!! Make sure youre using a compatible block (not the one that comes with your iPhone) or the device wont work properly. It takes a little longer than a regular charger to reach a full charge but its not really noticeable. The only downfall to this charger is the length of the cord provided. I keep my charger on my bedside table so its not a problem but I could see the 3 foot cord being problematic for uses in other locations. There is a little blue light that comes on when you first connect the charger to the power outlet and again when you place your phone on the charger, but its very dim and would not cause a problem at bed time. I have not had a problem with my charger but from reading the reviews of others who have, it sounds like Anker has amazing customer service. After purchasing, Anker reached out to give a few operating tips and to remind me of the 18 month warranty included with purchase. I highly recommend this charger!
Great wireless charger and is not pricey at all. Seems to charge fast from my point of view with my iPhone 8. I do not notice any overheating thus far
Product stopped working after month and a half but customer service reached out and advised to restart phone and it worked fine after that. I recommend this charger.
I like that I dont have to insert my micro-USB charging plug which could be damaged over time. Since I charge my phone overnight, I dont notice the slow 1.0A charging rate. I find the blue charging light a little dim as I have to stare at the charging light to see if it is charging.
Great chargers at a great price! On day 2 so far but I love them !!!
Love it works great! Great price point!
Charges with other cases
Bought it for my wife. She loves it.
Simple and no annoying lights.
Works perfectly even with my case on. Makes charging so much easier and also works with any usb wall plug.
Works well.  Charges quickly. I have a case and a popup on the back of my phone, and I am still able to set it on the charger and it works.
Received the item from Amazon in super fast fashion as always, used the charger for 2 days and it died! I ran through the suggested steps on troubleshooting and nothing worked. Contact Anker directly and I give their customer service 5 stars as well. They had a new charger shipped immediately and have had no problems since (~1 month). I will update if any problems arise again but fantastic customer service from Anker and have no worries moving forward.
No more plugging in my iPhone each night
Charges as it should. Great without the annoying led lights too.
First one didnt work. They sent me a replacement. Good service
Initial review:  works perfectly. Those reviewers who say otherwise need to replace their chargers with real 2.1A chargers. Thats all it takes. P.S. My iPhone X is inside an Otterbox case. Updated review 8/2/2018:  Now fails to charge...will charge for a moment then stop charging...repeat. Updated review 8/4/2018. After posting the above updated review, Anker contacted me via Amazon and offered to replace the defective charger. That is indeed excellent customer service. Will post again once I receive the new unit. Updated 8/10/2018. Indeed Anker provides excellent customer service. It replaced my orginal unit promptly. No hassle. I highly recommend Anker.
So easy-- reliable.  And the indicator light that it is charging is so nicely discreet.  so next to bed  nice, unobtrusive.  I like that.
I love this thing!! I have another one that is not as awesome! This lovely device is always ready, let’s me have a lot of latitude on where I place the phone. I would say this is a guaranteed good buy!!!
Works great
Great charger.  Easy to use and no bright lights at night.  Works with iPhone 8 and10
My original powerport had an issue but it was quickly solved once I contacted Anker. They quickly sent a replacement and an extra little gift and it got here in two days! I love this wireless charger, its perfect for my desk at work. Ive always trusted Anker more than other random companies on Amazon but now I will definitely order Anker,
Works excellent. So much more convenient than plugging in.
I had initially posted that the unit was not charging my iPhone X. Shortly after posting my review I was contacted by Anker and they sent me a free charger. What I found out during our exchange is that this unit requires a 5V/2A charging cord. It does not work well with the iPhone charging cord which is 5V/1A. I received the unit and the new cord I ordered and it charges my iPhone X exactly as it should. Anker is very proactive and helpful. If you have any issue you should contact them right away. I will definitely buy products from them in the future.
Works great for my iPhone X that has a otterbox defender case.
I held off getting one of these for my iPhone X, because so many of them won’t work with a thick case and I have my phone in an OtterBox Defender case. As anyone with an OtterBox Defender case knows, it’s not practical to take the case on and off just for charging. But I figured I’d eventually switch back and forth between the Defender and a slimmer case throughout the life of the phone, so I decided to buy this one because some claimed that it charged with the case on. And...it does. This thing charges my phone with the OtterBox Defender case on it!  It charges kind of slow...definitely slower than with a cord; but the convenience is worth it. I’m impressed. No complaints.
Works as advertised
Bought this to pack into the carry on.  Was using a stand type wireless charger, but opted to buy this flat one.  Works great, iphone will draw about 1.5 amp while charging.  iPhone 8 with Otterbox defender case chargers great.  And lastly, it is made by Anker...I have lots of Anker stuff, chargers, cables, etc, and I have never had a problem, never dissatisfied, mislead, etc.  I always look for Anker first.
It works with BlackBerry priv with the cover on , my more expensive standing one doesnt unless I take the cover off
A++
This is my longest working Amazon item. For the price, I figured if it broke within a month or two then I’ve paid what it’s worth but it’s going month six and it’s still working really well. Charges efficiently and has no issues with charge time or shortages.
Cool
Works great
Great wireless charger. Easy to use, no annoying ridiculously bright lights, just a tiny blue indicator LED does not add any obtrusive light to a dark room.  Charges fast, micro USB, and a great addition.
Works great.
It’s lightweight. Seemed like it might not be as sturdy as another charger I have but have had no issues with it yet.
In use a month.  Works great.  Seems like the little iPhone charger doesn’t work well, but the more powerful 2 amp iPad charger works reliably.
For iPhones this will take about 3.5 hours to charge. Great for charging overnight for iPhones since it is SLOW. However in the daytime I use the 10W anker standing wireless charger, charges iPhone at 7.5 so it’s faster and really convenient to use. Once I bought that, honestly haven’t used this since
Very good and normal charge speed on my iPhone X
Anker is great and does it again. Product works very well and doesn’t require an extra charger to fast charge iPhone XS Max.
I got an old one but was stolen 4 months ago. This one is a replacement. Have no complaint for anker products.
Weve been using it regularly for about a year now.  Still works and charges our Iphones quickly.  Has stood the test of time so far and still works great.  No issues at all and I recommend.
It works just fine
This thing is great ! I love it ! You however have to make sure the phone is in the middle of the charger
I bought two of these because my wife and I both recently acquired some iPhone x’s. And they are gray chargers no they are not iPhones fast 7.5w chargers. But at the price and to save the life of the phones battery these are definitely great chargers.
Great product.
Love this! So easy to just toss my phone down and have it charge. Highly suggest if your phone has the capability. Cord could be a bit longer in my opinion.
This does not charge my iPhone 8 at all.  I tried using it without the case and the only thing that happens is the blue light flashes. UPDATE: 5/26/18 After posting my initial review and requesting a refund for the defective item, Anker contacted me directly to try and make the situation right.  They asked some basic troubleshooting questions and then offered to send me a replacement charger.  They shipped it extremely fast and I have been using it for a couple of days now and it works perfectly.  I would highly recommend this charger now and appreciate Ankers commitment to customer satisfaction!
Another perfect product from Anker. (No, I don’t work for them). This charger is slim, light, portable, and low profile. Works great with my new iPhone 8. I have another brand’s charger that has a bright ring to confirm contact. That’s not good for bedside use.
I have now bought two of these chargers. I couldnt not have one at my place of work after realizing how much easier it is to charge my Samsung s8 + without cables. I was a little worried it wouldnt charge through my wallskin case but it works. No complaints. Love these chargers.
Good quality
I usually have my phone charge overnight. For a couple of nights, I would wake up with the phone on the floor. Made me think it may be possessed! I use my cell as an alarm clock too and nothing more inconvenient than trying to find your phone when youre trying to snooze or shut off the alarm and then you go to work and find out that the cell didnt get fully charged at all during the night! I found out from my coworker that if your phone vibrates to letting you know when you get text, emails or calls, it will move the phone off the charger.  I went back to using my old plug in charger for my Iphone at night but I am now enjoying using this charger at work during the day in the office. It does charge very fast!
I just got my charger today, Well, its an Anker product, so its well packaged, looks beautiful, etc. But, at 39% battery, its telling me that it will take 2 hours and 4 minutes! :-( Its there a faster charger out there? UPDATE: Well, Anker has responded to my question and have taken care of my device. It was defective, so they are replacing it with a faster one! Awesome customer service!
After about 6 months of use, the anker wireless charger has stopped working. The blue light comes on but it doesn’t provide power to my iPhone X. Tested it with a friend’s iPhone 8 and it didn’t charge either. I enjoyed it while it was functional, but I am disappointed it didn’t function for very long. It’s unfortunate; I’ve been a fan of anker for a while and have used their lightening cables and external batteries for years, but I can’t recommend this product if it doesn’t last more than six months. Hopefully Anker can solve these quality issues and make a product that works as well as their many others. Update: a couple days after I posted this review, anker’s customer service reached out to me and sent a replacement charger. It seems to be working much better, so I hope this one lasts at least as long as the first one. I’ve updated my rating to reflect their great customer service; thank you Anker for standing by your products and helping me get my problem resolved.
Works well and its cheap!  thanks!
Easy to set up came in good packaging and was in great condition. Set my phone on top of it and connected fast also great thing about this product is that it’ll stop charging your phone at 70-80% charge when phone is hot and will continue charge after phone cools down.
Used primarily on an iPhone X. This wireless charger is a fantastic product for the price tag, but dont go in expecting ultra-fast speeds. Since this is only a 5-watt charger it charges at about the rate of the included AC adapter. There are definitely faster options with more bells and whistles, but for a simple charger that you can just plop your phone onto with no thought, this is perfect. It works through a case with absolutely no issues and even starts charging before your phone makes contact with the pad. It is sleek, very slim and looks great on my desk. I have tested it on an iPhone X, iPhone 8, and Galaxy S7 and all work as intended. Anker is a very reputable brand, so I would not worry one bit about the quality of the build.
Great product and great seller. Received item exactly as promised :)
THIS IS MY FAVORITE CHARGER. SOOOO GOOD!!!
Good fit and reliable operation.  Works well with Nexus 7 tablets.  Typical excellent Anker quality (I have several Anker products and all have been excellent). Note you must provide your own USB wall power supply of adequate output.
Works with an Otterbox defender case.  Glad I went this route rather than spending the $60 for one at the Verizon store.
Just what I was looking for works great
UPDATE,, anker sent me a replacement and mine first one must have been faulty the new unit works fantastic Completely dead after a few months. Worked most of the time till it died and placement had to be perfect
Excellent product. Recommended 100%
Could be gripper... glass phones will slide off if the surface isn’t totally level. That said, it charges as fast as expected and looks nice.
Sometimes, the pad will automatically stop charging and I will have to readjust. I would say 90% of the time it works fine.
Does the job at half the price, yes please!
I like this Anker wireless charging pad so far.  It was easy to set up.  I plugged it into my Anker PowerPort II A/C charger adapter and it started charging my iPhone 8 right away.  It has a small footprint (size) and a very small dim blue light on the border of the pad to let you know it is charging.  The charging pad does not seem to be very position sensitive - put your phone in the middle of the pad and it charges.  Simple to set up and use. It charges fine through the OtterBox Symmetry case. I also bought the Anker wireless charging stand around the same time.  I think I prefer the pad unless I am sitting at a desk or need to see the display from a standing or sitting position.  The stand is not as stable as I would like but is fine. I have this wireless charging pad on my nightstand at home and the wireless charging stand on my desk at the office.
I keep this on my desk to conveniently charge (and keep charged) my Samsung S9. More convenient than plugging in the phone!  The USB (supplied with ANKER) is plugged into the original Samsung charger - however, it does not provide "fast charging"; not usually a problem since IF I need fast charging I can revert to the USB-C connection supplied with my S9. The charging surface itself is sufficiently large so placement of my phone isnt an issue and its rubberized top and bottom so nothing slips around. The led indicator light is kinda tiny so you have to check for its status - I check the phone for charge state and dont rely on that indicator..
works very well, even charges with my case and elastic band holder on my case
This makes charging much more convenient because I dont have to dig for the wire that falls behind my nightstand all the time. This stays put and I just put the phone on. No more fumbling to get the lightning adapter into the socket in the dark before bed! Even though its an older charger and doesnt charge the full 7.5W potential for my iPhone 8+, it works just fine for my needs when charging at night and Im more likely to set my phone down on this now than mess w/ trying to find the cord that slides behind my nightstand, so I actually keep my phone topped off even more when at home and Im thinking about picking up another for my office.
Works great with the iPhone X. Put it next to my bed, its super convenient.
Awesome!  Plug it in,  put the phone down and you’re done.  Works great for my nightstand, no more fumbling in the dark trying to answer my phone without ripping the cord out of the wall. As for charging power, my iPhone 8 charges about 1% per minute give or take.
Bought this based on a review by the NYT Sweethome people. I really like it. Took it out of the box, unwound the wire, plugged it in and plunked my iPhone down on it. And it began charging. Yay!  No more miserable wires that don’t work and send snarky notes about how the wire might not be an approved wire.
Works as advertised.
I LOVE anything Anker-made. Their products are very high quality and this charging pad is no exception. Pad is perfect size, not a tiny hockey puck, and not so large that it takes over my nightstand. The pad has a grippy surface on the top and bottom to keep it from sliding around. I like that it’s larger than other wireless chargers I’ve used. A bigger target really helps. Anker’s customer service really can’t be beat either. Years ago, I had a portable phone charger from them that stopped working after many many uses. I emailed their warranty department to ask for a replacement and they asked for the serial number on the product. In the meantime, someone in my household who knew it was broken threw it away. I emailed back and apologized for wasting their time, that I didn’t have the serial number because someone had thrown it out, and I would just order a new one on Amazon. They replied and asked for my address!!!! Sent me a brand new charger. That was the first product I ever purchased from them and they bought a customer for life that day!!
I bought three, and one of them hummed and made a subtle beeping noise at my office desk. I received an email that they were going to replace it at no charge. The customer service is exceptional! I would recommend.
love it
I love this product! Charges my phone super fast.
Works great and very convenient
Work great
Works great. I put my phone on this overnight and it has yet to fail me. I use this with an iPhone X with a Unicorn Beetle case.
Got this for my trusty old Nexus 7 2013 tablet, when the USB port quit working. Charges almost as fast as regular charging. Very happy.
Anker makes solid products. This thing is durable, charges well, and looks fantastic.
This is a perfect wireless charger for someone in need. I have an expensive Samsung pad at home after I got a new phone and this thing works just as well if not better. I have this at my office right on the desk and it’s a lifesaver especially with the new iPhones where you cannot charge it and listen to your headphones at the same time.
UPDATE 12/14/2018 My main edit was just to delete some irrelevant comments about not being able to post a review.  As long as I am here, though, I will add that after about 5 weeks of use I am still thrilled with this wireless charger.  I had been hesitant for years about wireless charging.  I figured it would be finicky and slow.  This Anker charging pad has opened my eyes.  I am a fan of wireless charging now - at least with regard to this Anker pad, anyway. ORIGINAL REVIEW I am a fan of Anker products.  I have purchased many cables, chargers, and other Anker devices because they work well, and I trust them.  I have been interested in trying wireless charging but have been hesitant because I always keep my phone in a case, and I was not sure how that would work.  Since a number of people reported that this pad works with cases, I took the plunge.  It does not cost much so why not.  I have to say, I am impressed!  The first time I tried it, the phone instantly showed that it was charging.  Within 5 minutes the phone went from 81% to 85-86%.  I had only checked so soon to make sure it was increasing.  I was just hoping for 1%.  Within about a half hour it was up to 95%.  That strikes me as fast.  I have to confess that am using it with a good Anker USB charger and an Anker micro USB cable, not the included cable.  I am not gratuitously plugging Anker products; its just what I use.  I am thrilled with this charging pad. Some have reported heating, even overheating with some cases.  I am a bit paranoid about electrical devices of any kind overheating and causing a fire so in the 3 days I have been using this pad I have regularly felt for warming.  Sometimes it may feel very slightly warm, but so slight I am not even sure about it.  Thats gives me comfort.  I noticed that some Apple leather cases got hot enough to melt the coating.  I wonder if the finish on that case has metal content.  That is the only reason I can imagine such a result.  Wireless charging does work via electrical induction.  Metal or material with metallic content can be affected by induction current and heat up.  Wireless chargers include warnings about this, but you may not even know that something like a case has metallic content.
Liked the light weight and easy and simple use. I use it for my new Note9 phone.
Works as expected.  The blue charging indicator is a bit small
Set it on the console of a Tahoe and plugged the cable into a usb charger in the power outlet nearby. Easy to just set my iPhone on it when I’m driving.
It’s a steal for the price point. Works exactly as you’d expect, even with an Otterbox Symmetry case.
It works perfectly. not much else to say
I had this product and it quit working after a month I wrote a review  But the company reached out and not only gave me a new one but a better one. They have been amazing through all of it and I would purchase again!!!
The charger worked fine for about a month, and has now stopped working completely. UPDATE: they sent me a new one and great customer service
This charger is easy to use as expected. The design is beautiful and looks a lot better than the Chobee square wireless charger that I also use. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that this one also works well with a thin case and a pop socket! I use this for my iPhone XR and highly recommend.
Great for the price! Have no issues with it!
It’s very thin and works great!
Works great, so far. No prob with leaving my phone in its case, and easy positioning for charging!
Charges my phone great and is very sleek! I dont miss a charging wire at all!
Love this product
I received the product with no problems and the first two days it worked great but when I woke up in the morning I found my phone wasn’t charged and it wouldn’t work at all except for the little blue light Edit: after I reviewed, the team at anker reached out and did everything they could to figure out why the problem happened even after I had already returned it they made up for the issue and help solve the problem with great customer service I would get another one if I needed one
Simple and easy. I got it in the mail. Opened it. Plugged it in. Set my phone on it and there. It worked. No fuss. No hassle. Compact. Smaller then my hand. I have an iPhone 8plus if that helps anyone. 10/10. I’ve already told my friends and family about t.
Great charger. Thanks.
Updated from one star. You need to use a different wall adapter. The one for iPhone is not powerful enough.
Works great !  Highly recommend!
Exactly what I need. Works with both my iPhone X and Galaxy S8+. Additionally Anker customer support is outstanding.
Edit- Anker customer service contacted me and replaced my broken charger. Customer service was easy to work with and this new one seems to work just fine. I bought this for my iPhone 8. It worked great for about 3 weeks and then stopped working all together. Tried some different bases, outlets, look my phone cover off but still won’t work and unfortunately missed the return window. Would not recommend.
Convenient to charge my iPhone X overnight. However, you need to be careful when placing the phone. The phones center and the chargers center should be well aligned. If not, the phone would hot during charging.
This is my third Anker wireless charger, I bought it for my sister so that she could use it with her iPhone 8 and she loves it
I love Anker so much and have many battery chargers so I thought for certain this would be a high quality product. Within my third use the dock stopped charging and just blinks blue. So frustrating!!!! What a waste of money. **EDIT** Updated 6/5/18 Anker reached out to me after my initial review and offered to send a replacement device. I must have had a device that was not working properly because I have been using the new device for several weeks now with no issues. Im so happy to say that Anker delivered on their product quality, as always. Thank you to the support team and business for proactively reaching out and offering to replace the product.
Works perfectly with my iPhone 8 Plus, just set it on top and charges great!
great product it is so easy I have it on my desk and just can place my Iphone on it and it charges very fast
Read a review about Anker charging pad and found the price very reasonable. Im very happy with this and the Anker brand.
Loved the size, functionality, and 5w power capability when powered by an Anker blue wall adapter. Used it daily at my desk for my iPhone X. The only issue are some bad units from production. That said, Anker customer service is superb and they were happy to send me a replacement unit which works flawlessly.
This sits on my nightstand and charges my iPhone 8 every night.  I love not having to fumble around finding a cable in the dark when Im trying to go to sleep.  I wake up every morning with a fully charged phone.
This little charger packs a powerful punch.  The timing it takes to charge your phone is amazing and quick. Its a plus that it doesnt take up a lot of space.
I like how compact this is. It’s slim, and portable to go anywhere. I didn’t realize it has a micro usb sot for the charging port for it to charge the phone with. Just be careful to have a micro usb to regular usb outlet or converter. They are relatively cheap to get and work well with this wireless charger. I highly recommend this small, compact, yet powerful charger for anyone.
Works fine, but slower charging than others we have purchased. Always satisfied with Anker products though. Does what it advertises.
It works with my otterbox commuter case on!
Perfect little charger port! I keep it on the kitchen counter to drop my phone on when it needs a charge.
Working just fine on my iPhone 8+
great charger - spoiled now I never want to actually plug in!
Nice QI charger, will not fast charge but it is not designed to. With that said charging surface is large and easy to get phone into the sweet spot to charge. Well made and simple design is a  nice change from some of the wacky QI pads floating around on Amazon. Works well and does not get too hot nor does the phone.
Grwat product good service
It charges my phone and does not slide in the table
Works great, quick and easy charge!
Works great! I love that it’s pretty small and doesn’t take up a lot of real estate. I haven’t tried timing how long it takes to charge but it’s pretty quick and comparable to plugging it in. Bought 1 for the office and now buying 1 for home.
Product worked very well.  I really enjoy it.  I am not sure why these manufacturers do not provide a power supply.  I would buy again,
Nice charger. Excellent customer service. Unit wasn’t working properly and Anker Customer Service was responsive to my concern and sent a replacement unit, which works great! Size is good for iPhone X. Highly recommend
Wireless charging is the best. Anker doesn’t disappoint went it comes to great quality products.
As usual Anker made an excellent product. No bright blue light makes it perfect for the bedroom.
good
It’s cool that it takes up little space, my only two wishes would be that it have a longer cord and that it charged my X faster...not sure my thin cover slows down the process but it still charges the phone.
Works great! I love all anker products. Great quality products and great customer service!
Charges S8 fast without any problems. Also used with iphone 8+ and worked fine
Update: company has VERY good costumer service. They have reached out to me to fix the problem. I’m rating them higher for they really seem to care about the costumer. Didn’t work!!! I’m not happy about waiting forever to get the item and it’s defective. Wasn’t expensive enough to go threw the trouble of returning it. Waste of money Update: started working again hope it sticks!!! Update again: back to not working
Works great on my iPhone 8 Plus.  I’ve used it with a Speck case and an Otterbox Defender and it works just fine either way.  No need to remove the case and precision alignment of the phone on the pad is not required.  Charges with an iPad 2 amp adapter wirelessly at a speed pretty similar to a standard 1 amp iPhone standard USB adapter plugged into the phone.  I’d buy another, but amazon increased the price by 33% after the first one arrived.
UPDATE: changed rating from1 star to 4 stars. 4-8-18 So after my first review Anker actually reached out to me to see if they could help troubleshoot.  I informed them that I had already sent them back for refund to which the asked if they could send me a new one of course I said sure and they told me to make sure I used an android or iPad charger plug since the pad requires more power... since I started using the android plug it has worked like a charm.. a big hat tip to Anker for reaching out. Bought two of them based on other Anker products I own thinking they would be just as good. Unfortunately, both stopped charging after a couple of days.  I think its a crap shoot, you may get one that works or it may be a bust.
Sleek wireless charger that works with my Samsung Galaxy S6 which Ill be upgrading with Galaxy S9. I love the easiness of wireless charging without plugging/unplugging cables. For phone and charging accessories, I always recommend Anker for their great customer support.
Pad has a hump in middle so phone slips off. Very frustrating but too late to return or I would. The company reached out and offered to replace with the stand up version which works much better than the flat one.
Bought this on the flash sale, I have it set up on my nightstand and it works really well. You get an idea of what the charging zone of your specific phone is pretty quickly. Things to note: It doesnt come with a cable. Make sure you use a good cable, I used a crappy one at first and it struggled to charge my Samsung Note 8, so I swapped it for a newer cable (and a 5W 2A power brick) and I have no issues charging. I would definitely buy again if it went on sale.
this is my first wireless pad and I am so shocked it to me so long to use one. It is easy to transport and a dream to travel with.
Even charges throw thick case
Bought it when it was going for $15! Excellent value
I have been using this for my iPhone 8+ and it works like a charm. No issues and even works through my case.
Simple and easy to use
Good item
Works perfectly. Much better charging solution than cheaply made USB-C cables. Wish something like this was standard equipment with smartphones. Love that it works with both our iPhones and Android devices. Had no issues even after being in a soft messenger bag while traveling. Will probably be getting another to have one at the office
Great simple product. Sharp looking too. Another fine product from Anker
Awesome
I like using this wireless phone charger as it is easier than trying to plug in my phone nightly.  Thus far about a few months it still operates as intended.
Great working wireless charger. Great price. The $60 I purchased at the AT&T store doesn’t work as good. Looks good too.
Works as well as I expected.
Works great w/ i8+ Just won’t charge through all my cases. No inductance transfer.
I bought two. Great by the bed so you do not have to search for the cord to plug in.  Hello? Brilliant.
Good product
Pretty good product
Great for when guests come over and need a charge! Doesnt work as well for Samsung for some reason.
Started charging immediately when I laid my phone on it.  My phone is in an Otterbox Defender case.  I have another wireless charger and I have to move it around to start charging.  I have other Anker items and I like their quality.
Just broke my generic Chinese brand induction charger for Nexus 6 and this is built solid like the cables I previously ordered from them
This doesnt work. It says that it is charging the phone but then stops after a minute or so and then wont charge my phone UPDATE: This company has good customer service and sent me a new charger that works.
First week is great! Product is a nice design and wonderful charge. Will update after a year.
Update:  When selecting a product to purchase, there are two concerns to consider:  1) how likely is the product to perform as needed, and 2) how likely is the company to stand behind their product if there is a problem. In purchasing many Anker products, Id never had any product issues, and so had no experience with support from the company. This time, the product didnt work with my electronics (it happens!) and I now know that Anker does indeed stand behind their stuff. When I posted my original review, Anker quickly reached out to me privately and basically insisted upon making things right. Going forward, Ill have no hesitation in selecting Anker again as I now have experienced both the products and the companys support. Thus Ive raised my review from 1 star to 4 stars.  An Anker product is highly likely to work, and if there is a problem, they will resolve it. Original review: Did not work properly with my Moto z2 Play with the Incipio offgrid wireless charging power pack. Got the phone from a relative and it always charged wirelessly with his charger. I tried 3 different ac adapters, 2 different cables, and carefully moved it around on the charging pad. The phone would recognize the wireless charger and begin to charge, but then after a few seconds it would begin to rapidly cycle between seeing the charger and not seeing it. Usually it would then just quit. Ive used many Anker products with great success, so this may be just a bad unit, or it may be incompatible with my phone for some reason....
Charges well.  I use it at night so I dont care if its not a "fast" charger.  You dont have to be super accurate with where you put it.  Just a single tiny pin hole of an LED to show charging which is nice given my usage.
Works perfectly!
Works Great, Good Quality, Even Better Price
Ive been using this as my charger on my iPhone X.  Works great. It isnt fast but thats keeps my phone from getting too hot.
Works perfect and the light is not disturbing.
Only had this product for a day so I will update this if anything changes. I LOVE this product as much as any other Anker product. Its much sleeker looking than the off brand charger I had before and fits much better cosmetically in my room. MAKE SURE you use a 12W charger with this and not the 5W that comes with your phone. Ive seen people complain that the charger either stops charging or cuts off and Im sures it due to the fact that they arent using an adapter with a high enough output.
The best customer service! Would recommend!
Works well, just need to be careful when placing iPhone X to make sure it is charging. Cant just plop it down.
This charger is easy to use, and more effective than similar chargers. My iPhone has a hard shell case and it wont charge with other contact chargers, but it will charge with this one. I had given up on the idea of using a wireless charger, but I bought this for my wifes iPhone X because she doesnt have a hard shell case. It worked fine for her iPhone X. Then I tried my iPhone X in its hard shell, and to my surprise, this worked for my phone as well.
Would have gotten a more wattage charger. This charger is slow. Im using this on an iphone X. Wish I had gotten the 10Watt charger. Amazon returns are hard on this one as they want to take 6$ back on this. Anker reached out to me to resolve the issue. We couldnt come at a positive conclusion. returned the product for a refund. They were diligent and tried to solve the issue. Will definitely buy anker again.
Its so inexpensive but fussy about which usb u plug it into. Anker replaced my first one without being asked so great customer service.
Great product
Love this sleek matte black charging pad. Even works through otter box defender.
Works great no issues with it at all
Anker continues to have a good product.  I purchased this because I bought an iPhone that is rechargeable using a wireless pad.  Its easy peasy and always works.  I will say, though, that it doesnt charge the phone as quickly as an Apple-approved charging cord, but I dont ever need a super quick charge anyway.  BTW, I was told by Apple that no charging pad will work as well as their own -- at a cost of $50+.  Apparently its not true, and at a price much less.
Wife loves this. Just wish the cord was longer.
Saw a review that said it worked for phones with the pop socket on the back, and lo and behold it does! That alone makes me happy with it, I don’t need it to be extra fast or anything.
Not expensive, I have 3 around the house and it charges my iPhone 8 just fine.
It’s a nice charger. Charges my phone fast. However, I find it annoying how sensitive it is to how my phone is placed on it. I usually have to adjust it after setting it down to ensure it’s taking a charge.
great for my night stand
Works perfect iPhone 8
I bought this with a coupon code of $5 off - so it cost me about $15.  Im using this with an iPhone 8.  This is another quality Anker product - you get the base unit and a USB cable (no power adapter included - but since this will likely replace the need to use your phones charge cable, I think this makes sense plus likely keeps the price a bit lower). Usage - plug it in to an adapter.  Mine is on my night stand.  Set your phone on top of the charge pad - a blue light comes on the pad to let you know its working.  The light is not very bright - it did not distract me from sleeping at all. Its actually ridiculously convenient to not have to plug in a cable to charge your device.  I might get another one of these for the office!
I love Anker products, and this wireless charger is no different. Sleek design and well finished (it doesn’t feel like cheap plastic). This charger is not fast as I expected, but it fits its purpose, Good purchase overall.
Amazing I had connected all the times. Is wonderful... I’m using with de 5v 1A Apple iPhone ac adapter. And goes well. It takes like a 3:45 hours to charge completely the iPhone 8.
Works perfect on my desk at work. Charges my iphone x without issue. Can’t beat it. No AC adaptor came with it, which is fine, plugs right into my USB port on my laptop.
Excellent
I really like this perfectly understated wireless charging pad.  Typically solid Anker build quality and it does its job well, all black, small ANKER logo, with non-slip upper and lower and a small blue led to indicate proper charging contact.  Its totally unobtrusive on your desk or wherever you put it.  Will buy more.
it is very very slow to charge my iphone Updated rating to a 4, as the company really tried to make it right and it turns out I could use a bigger brick to make it charge faster.
Picked this up to set my phone down on at night to give it a charge. I really like it. Plugs into a USB power strip we have next to the bed, and it works exactly how youd expect. Its better than plugging it in, as if it rings or I want to check my phone in the morning, I just pick it up. Occasionally I miss the charging sweet spot -so you need to be a bit cautious when you first set the phone down. Otherwise, it works great and is a spectacular value.
Nice and works very good
Wireless charger that works while having a pop socket on my case!!!!! I no longer have to take off my case or pop socket to wirelessly charge my phone. Charger is lightweight and does not take up too much room.
I bought this for my hubby to keep in his work bag, he’s an engineer and frequently takes trains out of town, he has been complaining that the lightning cord he uses when he’s out of town is making his otterbox case wear out. I was going to buy another Samsung pad, since we have a couple that work great with his iPhone X in the defender case. I got sidetracked and saw this was on sale for $15, since it was $10 cheaper than the Samsung one, and I’ve had great experiences with Anker products in the past I decided to go with this. We only tested it out to make sure it would work with the case on his phone, not a problem at all, it connected immediately when I set the phone on it, i wiggled it around a bit testing it out and had zero issues. It is very thin, which is great for travel and works great with the Anker PowerPort USB plug that he already has in his bag. I can’t say how it does charging since it hasn’t been fully used, I am giving it 5 stars since we have been happy with this brand before. I will definitely update my review if this changes, though I am confident it won’t.
This is a great little Charging Pad, Anker sent me one to write an honest and unbiased review and I love it so far! It works perfectly with my Galaxy S8 with my OtterBox Defender case on it. No issues at all!
I bought this product in January but in the last two weeks it stopped charging my phone at all. The blue light will come on when I first plug it in then it just doesn’t work anymore. UPDATE: So after I contacted Anker, they helped me try to troubleshoot the charger after which we found that it may have been a defective product. If your charger doesnt work try an IPad charger as that may work. Anyways they sent me a new PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad ASAP and it works wonderfully. They have reached out to me multiple times checking on how it is working. This is some commendable customer service. Thanks Anker!
nice thingy; the charging speed is good
Looked at a few options, but only this version had all the features I wanted in a wireless charger. If I have any feedback it would be that the cord could be a little longer, but it’s easy enough to swap out the cord with a longer micro usb cord.
This charging pad is so thin!!!! It looks sleek and  works so well!
Works well with the iPhone X and the price was right! You’ll need to purchase a charging brick for it though or use your existing one.  I used a 10W iPad charging brick which works fine
Works as advertised and quality meets expectations. This is my first experience with wireless charging and have nothing to compare it to.  It’s important to place an IPhone 8+ on it where the charger is 100% centered or it may not charge.  This is easy enough to do but there is the possibility coming back to an unharged phone if you’re not attentive when leaving it on the charger.
Received defective item. Thought it was the charger problem and bought the one required, the phone is still not charging :(.
Got sick of waiting for Apple’s AirPower to come out and just decided to go third party. I’m glad I did. This is the perfect wireless charging pad for me. It even works through my case. The one thing I was disappointed about was the cord length. I’m going to have to buy a longer cable because this one barely reaches the outlet. Also know that you will need an adapter to plug it into the wall since it doesn’t come with one.
Solid Qi Wireless charging pad by Anker. The design is simple and as usual for Anker made of quality craftsmanship. The round device sits flushed on a table surface, made out of matte plastic. A faint blue light at the 9 oclock position is visible when the device is actively charging. I wish the light would be placed at a different position around the bezel which would make it more visible if a larger device is charging such as a tablet. Works flawlessly with the iPhone using a silicone case. The charging time is fairly quick but be aware will likely not be as fast as charging with a connected wire. The output of the device is 1AMP. The charging positions are not finicky as with some other charging pads. Overall a solid solution to wireless charging. Recommended.
I HAVE AN IPHONE 8 PLUS AND IT CHARGES FAST AND DOESNT TAKE UP SPACE
I’m a huge fan of Anker products and this charger is no exception. I particularly like how this charging pad sits higher than some other brands I’ve purchased. The pad seems to be well made and has a nice slight cushion feel and slip free. Based on previous ones I have purchased I recommend this charger. Note - do not use the standard plug that ships with the iPhone as noted in the manufacturer comments.
Great charger!
This wireless charger works great with my iPhone XS.  Its so nice not having to plug a cable into my phone every night.  Just sit the phone down on the base and bam, charging.  My only complaint, and the reason I took away one star:  the blue led.  I use this on my nightstand and I prefer a completely dark room.
I really enjoy Anker’s products. When this item first arrived the chord that connects power to the Qi wireless charger was faulty, but Anker didn’t hesitate to make it right and send me a new chord at no additional cost to me. The device works perfectly now. Great product and wonderful customer service.
It works fine so far
Anker has always been good to me so when I bought a Pixel 3 and searched for wireless chargers, this Anker product was top of my list. The packaging was well done and the product is well manufactured. Yes, it works on my Pixel 3 perfectly. Does not charge at its fastest rate, but still is pretty quick and perfect for bed side table. Why 4 star? Anker chose to not include a wall-plug adapter. Yes, I did know that it wasnt included when I bought it. I chose to buy it because it is Anker and I knew it would work well. However, I think 5-star can only be rewarded for perfection. Forcing me to scrounge in my home for extra wall adapters for the 2 units I purchased is not "perfect". This is just feedback to Anker, provide everything a customer will need for basic operation. These will be more commonly used while plugged into the wall, provide the adapter.
My first steps into wireless charging.  I purchased both this model and the stand model to see which one I liked.  I have an iPhoneXS in an otter box symmetry case, so it isn’t super thick.  It works GREAT on this flat model, but would not charge on the stand model.  I just returned the stand model and ordered another one of these!  And it is $6 less than the one that didn’t work!
Awesome!!
This item works and works well. Thank you for another great product.
I bought this charger to charge my phone In office. Very good and my phone is charging quickly.
1 hour, 54 minutes. That how long it took to charge my new iPhone XS (not Max) from 20% to 80%. It took another hour and a half to get all the way up to 100%. I have this on my night stand though, so as long as I get a few hours of sleep I know I’ll wake up to a fully charged phone. I think wireless charging is best-suited to this kind of use-case, and this product makes an affordable option hard to pass up. As always, Anker provides the quality I’d expect from them. I’m glad they’re up-front that this doesn’t include a wall adapter (to keep the cost low I assume) but I already have plenty, and I used the one that came with my new iPhone for this test. It does include a micro USB cable to connect the wireless charging base to the wall adapter, which is nice. The box is simple and has some embossing which is a nice touch. I didn’t notice any heat on the charger or my phone after leaving it to charge for 3.5 hours for this test. Be sure to hit the checkbox to use the 10% off coupon! $13.99 was already a great price, but with an extra 10% off you can’t beat it.
Good product easy to use, so far works well. iPhone X
So convenient
Finally a charger that doesn’t flash a light in my face all night long. Highly recommend! EDIT: I’ve now bought two of them,still no complaints.
Works great but for some reason my phone slides to the side and stops charging
As soon as I put my phone on this charger I said to myself “how have I been charging my phone without this all these years...” get one
Works just as you’d expect and does include the micro USB necessary to use it. I recommend buying an Anker power brick to accompany this. Only pet peeve is the perfection of placement needed to charge the device but that is to be expected.
Better than the one I bought from Apple Store!
UPDATE: After returning two of these chargers, Anker Customer Service reached out to me and sent me this other product of theirs free of charge. It works great and charges my iPhone X perfectly. I would suggest this product over the flat pancake looking device.  I like the look of it, love that it holds your phone up and mostly that IT WORKS.  Thank you for having great customer service and wanting to make me a happy customer.  :-) I have now purchased two of these and do yourself a favor. Don’t. They both worked for about a week and died. I am sending the second one back and will buy a more reliable brand. Such a disappointment.
charges iPhone 10 great, even through a Spigen Tough Armour case, have to center it on the charger carefully though
I bought 2 of these. 1 for home & 1 for my office... and both work PERFECT!  Great product.
This will charge your iPhone very slowly but it does charge it nonetheless. I have a life proof case on and it still works great! Note: This will not charge an iPad.
Works great for charging our iPhone 8plus.  Charges pretty quickly too. Have not had any issues.
It works though my pop socket. Can’t complain. I don’t know if it charges any faster than my other chargers but it seems to work nice. I use it with an iPad charger so I don’t know if that helps it as well.
Charges Samsung S8 Plus in thick case. Large surface area. Thin profile.
I really enjoy this charger. The other wireless chargers I have used have been a pain but not this one. It recognizes my device as soon as I place it and it’s not a hassle. This product has a relatively short cord which can be a pain but as far as durability and quality I love this!
it works as intended. i use it every night before going to sleep. its light (compared to other wireless chargers). i do recommend buying! if you have any questions ask and i will be happy to respond back, thanks!
I really really like this charger, especially for the price. I was a little disappointed that it didnt work with my Apple Watch, but that was my fault for not checking it out prior to purchasing. I still love it, though. It is easy to carry anywhere or use simply on my nightstand.
I had an issue with the charger.  First issue after buying several Anker products for years. What separates this company apart from its competitors is the level of customer service.  I had an issue and they cared to see it all the way through to resolution. Will definitely continue to buy Anker products with confidence.
*Updated review* Changed from 3 stars to 5 stars for excellent customer service ("CS").  After my first review talking about slow charging, I was contacted by CS asking if I wanted a replacement and trouble shooting with my use of the charging pad.  I was using the adapter that came with my Iphone which turned out to be not sufficient for this pad.  After testing it with the proper AC Adapter (I order the one from Anker, Anker Elite Dual Port), the charging speed from 19% to 100% improved from 3 hours 20 mins to 2 hours 30 mins.  No replacement was needed, just a better/stronger adapter.  So when you order, make sure you buy an appropriate adapter as well. Its super slow in charging my Iphone X.
Anker products are affordable and work great. I’d buy from the again.
This is absolutely the best of 4 wireless chargers that I have. This one has the most powerful coil which allows me to place my iPhone 6S with coil receiver as well as my Droid Turbo 2 simply without having to carefully align them as with some of the standing chargers.  Both of my phones have an acrylic case that I do not need to remove.  I love that it charges very quickly, without heating up and the led light on the side is very minimal and barely noticeable. I highly recommend this.  It is likely the last charger I will need to buy.
Good
Gave it to my best friend.  It has to be good.  My friend likes it.
Worked great for almost 3 weeks. I’ve noticed in the morning my phone wasn’t charged. I reached out to Anker and they sent me a new one, no questions asked. I’ve experienced such great customer service from this company. Very pleased! The powermat works great and it’s so convenient
This Qi-certified charging pad is great for the odd coffee table or nightstand around the house. While not the fastest mode of charging, the universal nature of Qi makes it easy for compatible phones to charge without tracking down a cable just for them. Since this charger is Qi-certified, you can rest easy knowing that this device conforms to Qis safety standards. The base or your phone wont be overheated and damaged, which cannot be guaranteed with less-expensive, non Qi-certified wireless chargers.
Works great
Charges right through my thick rubber otter box case.
Fast delivery and i used it once today-fast charging!
This has a bigger "sweet spot" than my older Anker wireless charger, so it works better for phones with cases. Using Samsung Galaxy S7s with Otterbox Commuter and Defender cases--no problems getting the charger to see them. Only small complaint is that the LED is small and in an odd place relative to the cord, so its hard to see the light change color when a phone is placed. Depending on your situation, that might be good or it might be annoying.
Excellent product. Cheap and effective
Good value and effective. Wish more feedback from unit when charging. From time to time, I set phone down on mat and it isn’t actually charging.
Awesome. I have one for home and one in my car. Works perfectly through an Otterbox.
Easy to drop in your bag and use while on the road.
This is amazing. I love not having to ever plug my iPhone 8 in. Set and charge is the best.
Perfect, serves it purpose. I bought 2, have ZERO issues. Love it, good purchase.
So I like this product and it is very useful. I am only giving t four stars because unless the home is directly in the center, it won’t charge. It probably is my phone but I can’t tell. Overall, I still use it every night
Design: The PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad is both simplistic and appealing. I am impressed by how thin and lightweight it is, yet it still feels well built. As with other Anker products I have tried, I can tell that there is attention to detail in the design. A few of the subtle design aspects that I appreciate are the rubberized surfaces to prevent slippage and the small LED indicator on the side of the charging pad. Effectiveness: My phone charges just as fast on this wireless charging pad as it does with a corded charger, and I even have a case on it. The effectiveness of wireless charging, especially with a phone case on, was one worry that I had prior to trying this charger out, but I quickly realized that I had nothing to worry about. The PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad works flawlessly with my case that is approximately 5mm thick. Verdict: This is the first wireless charger that I have used with my iPhone 8 Plus, and I have absolutely no complaints! It works as advertised and has been a terrific addition to my nightstand. Thank you, Anker, for a positive wireless charging experience!
Very Good
Great Charger!
Easy to setup and working well so far.
I was plesently surprised on how nice of a charge pad this is. Its about 4 to 5 inches round. Its very slim and doesnt seem thick at all. It fits in my back pocket. It also comes with a micro USB. It weighs basically nothing. And it does a great job at charging a iphone 8. I got this charging pad to use with my wifes iphone 8. She loves how easy it is to charge it. The contact to the phone always works and we havent seen any issues with the phone charging using the charging pad.  It works great for what we use it for. This is my wifes first charging pad. She enjoys the simplicity of being able to just lay her phone down and coming back with it being fully charged. I was surprised on how well this little thing works. It charged the phone like any other charger. It was quick and it didnt seem like it took very long. Its a great little device for what it does. I would recommend this item to anyone looking to purchase a charging pad.
This product works very well. I did receive a broken one. It was just a defect though. I went to Anker customer support and within days I had a new one at my door. They were super fast and super responsive and I love the new one they sent me. I am making it my goal to never plug in my iphone and this product puts me one step closer to that goal.
In general it’s great, though you have to be somewhat precise with the placement of your device on the pad (more on the Y-axis than the X).
Anker always finds a way to deliver a great product. This wireless charger is no exception. It looks great and functions well. As others have mentioned, using a higher wattage charging base helps to charge faster. I am confident this charger will hold up for a long time to come.
Update: The company saw my review and sent me a new one free of charge! The new one works great! I must have just gotten a faulty one first. Great customer service! This charges very slowly, and I have to get my phone set on it just right for it to even charge. Sometimes it wont charge it at all. Dont waste your money on this one.
Works like a dream
so nice and comfortable. works perfect
Pad is fairly small in size. Charges well and functions as expected.
Economic choice
I bought a new Samsung 9 plus.  I wanted an extra charger.  I always thought these types of chargers were unnecessary and didnt see the point.  But Anker usually makes good quality products and I thought Id try it.  I love it.  Works fine with the case on.  It great to just set it down and it charges.  My phone recognizes it immediately and flashes its charge level when I set it on the charger.
This charger actually charges my phone surprisingly fast. I have read that wireless chargers are supposed to take forever but this one does not. Especially at this price point, I am very pleased with the product.
Son loves it he uses it all the time
Easily connect and charges with the usb cable provided. It is not a fast charge so it takes sometime to fully charge my iPhone. I am always befuddled on why it doesn’t come with a charging adapter. The charger is quality and looks classy.
A+ charger
It works as advertised
**UPDATE** Anker contacted me and sent a replacement free of charge. Very impressed with this company and theor reaching out to make sure I was happy. Original - Sometimes I have to put my phone down on it a few times before it works - like it has to wake up. A couple of times I’ve woken up and phone is dead. I also have the stand up one which seems to work better.
The charger works great but I wish it came with a longer cable. From a surge protector on the ground it has a hard time reaching the top of my nightstand.
this is a very good product it works as advertised I just put my phone on at night and works right away it charges my phone at a decently fast speed.  I enjoy the simplicity.  When I had a problem with my first charger the customer service sent replacement right away I will buy from this company again! Buy this product you won’t regret it!
Easy and cheap. It works
Easy to use. Very nice. Dont use a thick case however, because it wont work that way. Needs to be bareback or extremely thin case.
I was very hesitant about wireless chargers. But I hate trying to plug my phone into charger in the dark. So I started reading reviews and this seemed the best. Didn’t disappoint. I wanted to try for a few weeks before review. I have a case & a pop socket & it works. You just need to make sure you place on center of charger. Twice I must not have bc my phone didn’t charge. Otherwise works great. Only gave 4 stars bc it doesn’t come with plug & you need higher powered plug.
Just got this on a flash sale from Amazon. It seems to work great so far.  Using it with an iPhone 8 that is in a case and has a pop socket on the back and that doesnt seem to interfere with charging at all.
Works great, after first one, I bought two more. Excellent product!!!!!!
I originally purchased two of the chargers, one for my wife and one for me.  However, I continually had charging issues with mine while my wife had no issues.  We both have an iPhone X.  So I contacted Anker and they were quick to send a free replacement, which has worked great as expected.  We both love these wireless chargers and would recommend them to anyone.  It even works with the phone case still on, and with a pop socket on the case as well. Note, I would have given a 5-star rating if the charger came with its own AC adapter or even recommended a specific AC adapter that would work best with this charger.  Be sure to read the notes in the description so that you are sure to have the correct AC adapter for this product.
Perfect profile to keep at my desk at work. Nice to put phone down and pick up without having to worry about the plug. Would recommend!
i have a number of Anker Products as they are simply the best including the Ipad 5 wireless charger. Anker is the standard where everyone else is being measured against
My husband loves this and its very convenient.
Works great only problem I have is it said it would charge through a case and wont. No birdie though.
Works great for 1/2 the price
I bought this a few months back and it worked just fine, however after a month or so the charger stopped working. I reached out to Anker for support and they helped me troubleshoot the problem. At first they thought I may have been using a charger block that couldnt draw enough amps, then they thought the cord may have been the issue. They sent me a brand new cord free of charge, but after trying that out with no success they determined that the unit itself must have been faulty. They supplied me with prepaid postage and told me to send them the charger and once they received it theyd mail me a brand new one. Once I mailed out the old charger I received the new one within a week. The new charger works just fine and I havent had any other problems with it. As long as my phone is mostly on the charger itll start charging and I dont have to take my tech21 case off. I love not having to plug in my phone to charge it! The only reason Im giving this product four stars is because the first unit I received was faulty. The anker support team was very friendly and helpful during the process of getting me a new one. I definitely recommend getting this charger and if you do have a problem with it reach out to anker and theyll sort it out for you.
I find this to generate less heat than the ravpower pads (which Ive learned are not Qi Certified).
Nice quality of product, work as expected. I’m satisfied! Recommend!
Works great
Works just fine. Much easier than plugging into the phone.
I originally ordered the Anker PowerPoint 5 wireless charger and it did not work. I left a bad review and Anker immediately got in contact with me and asked if they could replace it for me at no charge and I had another one within the week. Unfortunately, that one did not work either. They then sent me the wireless stand charger and it has worked great. I do recommend getting a 5V2A wall charger and if it still doesn’t work, try a reset of your phone. Very happy with this product and the company went above and beyond to satisfy my issues.
Great item
Charge my iPhone very fast.
Ive only had this for a week but already love it.  After getting the iPhone 8+ I was excited to finally have the wireless charging capability in a phone and quickly decided on this model after having much success with other Anker products. Its thin, simplistic, and get the job done.  It works well even with a case on my phone. Would recommend if youre looking for something inexpensive while also being functional and attractive.
Inexpensive and works great!
My wife loves this for charging her iPhone 8. She usually plays on her phone in bed until she gets tired and the falls asleep after setting her phone down on her nightstand. Before she’d wake up to an almost dead phone because she forgot to plug it in, now she just sets it on the charging pad and wakes up to a fully charged phone. Excellent!
just a great charger
I had a problem and Anker contacted me to fix it right away.  Working great now.
This charger is great!!! I’ve had it for a while and haven’t had any problems with it. Anker products always come through.
I originally wrote this review after the charger quit charging my iPhone 8 but after talking with Anker Direct, they were able to determine that the issue was the charing block I was using did not supply enough power and my phone needed to be restarted (after a recent update). Once I followed their instructions, the charger is working perfect. To be clear, this charger requires a charging block that has an output of 5V and 2A. The charging block that comes with the iPhone does not supply enough power, you can either use a different power block that supplies 5V 2A or Anker makes a nice two port charging block called Power Port II with Dual PowerIQ Ports which I also purchased for other charging needs. I tried this one on the charger and it worked great too. This is the first time I have experienced any problems with an Anker product but one month and 1 day after my purchase and 1 day after I can return it, it stopped charging. The blue light is still working but it doesn’t charge. Very disappointing.
This PowerPort Wireless Pad was purchased for my wife and she uses it on her nightstand.  No complaints from her on this means this must be doing exactly what it should be doing. The wireless charging pads has one job and Anker gets it done!
Good size and works on my iPhone 8 but it seems slower than the description indicated.
So this is my third wireless pad. The first two claimed that the lights were soft enough that they would not bother your sleep. BS!!  Made my room look like a disco party at night. Thankfully they also broke. Bought this one and the ONLY light there is is a small LED that you can almost not see in a dark room. Perfect for the bedside. Love it!
Great birthday present for my hubby I also got 50% off. Works awesome. My suggestion if you put it on your dresser. Place a dollar tree rubber Matt underneath:)
I have tried other wireless charges that don’t work well with the iPhone X. This one does the job 
Bought two, they work well. They will charge an iPhone 8 in an otterbox defender to 100% overnight. Probably sooner, but we’ve not measured how long it takes.
Best combination of form, function and price among all the wireless charging pads. There are currently several charging pads priced around $60 that will do a great job, and there are a lot of them for around $10 that sound pretty questionable and unsafe, based on reviews (overheating? yikes!). At $20, this one is on the low end of the price scale, while also being a good charger. I liked it so much, I bought a second one (one for home and one for office). Its not considered a fast charger, but it does the job.
Works great, super fast shipping, only con...only usb cord,no plug end
This is now my main charger for my iPhone X. Its on my night stand by my bed, and charges my phone every night. Works well, charges well over night, no overheating or any weird problems. Also - it has a very minimal led light. Its enough "there" for you to know that it is charging, but its not annoying like other chargers making too much light in an otherwise perfectly dark bedroom. Another great thing about this charger is that it is very very thin. I am actually ordering a 2nd one for my travels as I got so "spoiled" by this charger I no longer want to use a cable even on my trips! Really terrific. I also have the "stand up" Anker, which is great to be at my desk, but I prefer the full flat one for travels (size) and by the bedside. Note: its NOT a fast charger - it will charge like a normal 5W charger. For me this is enough - its my over-night charger and and as such time is not an issue. Moreover iPhone X has great battery so I rarely need fast charging. When I do - I use my Mac USBC charger.
Great little charger. It looks nice and feels well built. Charges my iPhone 8 with the protective case on it without any issues. My only qualm with this item (and I should have read the description more carefully) is the length of the mini USB cable. I assume most people would plug this into a wall outlet, but the mini USB cable provided is only 3ft long, which really isnt a long enough cord to reach from an outlet to the surface where the charging pad would rest. I think by providing a 6ft cable, this product would be significantly improved.
Although I had a problem with this wireless charger I still gave it 5 stars. I purchased 2 of them. One in September 2018 and another in December 2018 because the first one worked so well. In early March the one I purchased in September began to fail charging intermittently then would not charge at all. I contacted Anker support about the problem and they happily replaced the one that failed. I have always purchased Anker cables and USB wall chargers and this is the first time I had a problem. The replacement charger is working very good. Quick charge and does not get hot.
extremely easy to use, I actually believe it works better than my samsung wireless charger for two reasons: chargers faster and doesnt have to be in the same exact spot for it to function. current phone: samsung s8, samsung note 9 does not work on smartwatches(gear s3)
Amazing charger
No comment
Charges great. I’m in love.
Company contacted me and replaced original with working charger
I love it! I know it works with iPhone X, iPhone 8, and Samsung Galaxy S7. My brother has a Motorola phone (not sure the model) which charged on it as well!
So far is working even though we have to set iPhones on top on a certain angle or they won’t charge. Slow charging stations. Testing a couple of them so far is good. We have noticed on ama zon there’s like a lot of electronics that break right after the return deadline and manufacturer is some Chinese company that doesn’t even have anyone to speak proper English with. Hoping this won’t be the case. 3 times it’s been too many now stuck w these kamtrom cams :/
Great product for the price.  No issues thus far.
I have no issues with this product. Works great no issues so far with any of my phones, iphone and samsung. Myself I would like a little bigger of a charger pad, it is sometimes easy to bump your phone and it will slide off the charger pad and quit charging without noticing it.
I would order again, everything about it was AMAZING!!...Ordered it for my husband, he LOVES it!...Well worth the price!
It was easy, just plug in the wall and done.
I purchased this product because it was a deal on amazon prime day.  I did not need this product but thought how convenient it would be to place my phone on a charger and pick it up easily without unplugging anything.  When the product arrived, I had issues with it being able to charge.  It would charge for a good ten minutes and then stop charging.  I contacted the company regarding the issue and they sent me tips on how to fix the issue, including changing out the plug.  The product was found to be defective, and when I forgot to email the company back on questions asked, they were prompt in sending me an additional email following up with my defective product.  I was soon sent a new product and it works exactly as described.  I would definitely recommend this product because it charges twice as fast than on my regular plug-in charger.
So I needed a charging cable for my iphone and decided to try one of these wireless charging pad. Got the item, set up was super easy, and does exactly what its suppose to. Its definitely convenient to have but wasnt like a life changing event, if you have the money def get one!
Works well, cable can be substituted with a longer micro USB
Works great so far.
Not working that good
Very handy! Downside to wireless charging in general is, once you pick it up, it stops charges. Would recommend for overnight charging. Output on this product is weak so it’ll take a while to charge.
works perfect! and very fast! Great quality for the price!
Decided to give wireless charging a try with my new iPhone 8, and this really fit the bill - it’s cheap, supports fast charging (with a 2A power adapter), and it looks unassuming enough on an end table. Just plop the phone down and it works like a charm - and it has a small blue LED so you can be sure it’s working even when your phone’s screen isn’t on. Great product for the price, once again Anker did not disappoint.
Great Customer Service! I was having issues with Anker wireless charger where it wasnt charging throughout the night. Their customer support team reached out after my initial review and provided me with troubleshooting and a replacement. The new device is working well; although I havent been able to test it fully since I havent been feeling well, Ill update my review when Ive fully tested it. Its important to note according to the support rep, this device will not work when plug into a standard iPhone plug due to low voltage; according to the rep, it is better to use an iPad (or similar) plug for higher voltage. So far my experience with this company has been good. :)
As always Anker offering top of the line products for the price. Works like a charm with my iPhone 8 Plus. Keep It up!
I love the slim, no frills look of this charger. When I first received it in March, it worked great but now, it never seems to charge...even when using the correct voltage charger. It appears to be charging when I set my phone on it at night but in the morning my phone is at 25% battery when I expected a fully charged phone. Very frustrated!! Update: Anker customer service was great and contacted me right away to see how they could help resolve the issue. They sent a replacement which Ive been using it for a couple of weeks and it seems to have no problems.
Dont spend more on one of these wifi phone chargers than you have to here. The Anker works pretty great for the $20 price point. The Mophies may charge slightly faster - and have more "brand recognition" - but for the overall cost the Anker is competitive and just as efficient.
I just upgrade to a new iPhone X and love the new wireless charging feature. I use my phone daily for work and at night I catch up before going to bed. But when I’m tired I have to lean over the bed in the dark to find the lightning cord to plug it in and charge it before I pass out for the night. Now I just have to place the phone on the pad on my nightstand and forget it. This charges my phone pretty fast too. I used a 2 amp charger from an old Samsung phone and it works perfect.
The best wireless charger Ive gotten yet! Works perfectly and looks very modern and slim, and blends in very well. Super happy with this product!
I was looking for a simple and portable wireless charger that I could easily throw in the luggage for trips. Anker has been my go-to for these types of products, so I opted for this device to try first. Im very pleasantly surprised here by their product. The thin puck makes it easy to slide into just about any pocket of my luggage without hardly taking up any space. It accepts any USB AC block that Ive plugged it into without any issues. The indicator light is also very helpful to ensure that I have a good connection with the phone as well. Lastly, the surface on the top is nice and soft so I have no concern of scratching my phone using this charger. I will caution others that the surface on the top is not grippy so dont expect to have it sit at an angle and keep your phone in place. I didnt expect this to be the case, but thought Id warn others in case youre looking for something like this. Overall, very very satisfied and Im very happy to now have a very portable wireless charger to take with me on trips.
I bought this wireless charging unit to charge my phone at my bedside.  Got tired of getting up in the dark for work and trying to unplug my phone quietly to keep from waking the wife.  (Since I’m about as coordinated as an old man trying to beat up another old man, while drunk...this rarely worked out in my favor).  (Also, I’m old, and sometimes drunk - so unplugging a charger from my phone in the AM is going to be bad news, regardless.) SO!  I got this charger and, once throwing away the instructions and plugging it in, was immediately impressed by the fact that IT CHARGES MY PHONE!  Wirelessly!  Except for the part where therer’s a wire that has to plug in to a wall socket, and that plugs into the wireless charging pad, which I guess means not TOTALLY wireless, but mostly wireless...  But still, I can put my phone on the PowerPort  pad, and, the next morning - just grab the 100% charged up phone and stumble out of the house, wthout having to unplug the phone!  Because I used to stumble out of the house with the phone still attached to the wall, and I honestly think this caused a lot of my problems. I also bought the Anker “PowerPort II 2 Ports” to go with the wireless charger, because you can’t just use a low amp charger (like the one that comes with your phone) and expect it to work.  Wireless charging needs more current output - just get the better power source from Anker.  It’s $13.  You’ll be glad you did. Note:  My iPhone X did refuse to charge after about three days.  I sent a note to Anker and they recommended restarting the phone.  Since I had JUST bought this new phone, I thought it was crazy - but the phone actually WAS the problem.  The restart fixed the non-charging issue.
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S8 Active! Charging is not quite as fast as with a rapid wired charger but its close enough.
I am so happy with each and every Anker product I purchase. The company puts out a great product and also stands by their products which should hold a lot of weight when ever making a decision on purchasing from a specific Company. This is the fifth product I have from Anker and could not be more pleased. The LED that alerts you to the status of the charger is the perfect amount of light to let you know its charging at night but not bother you while you sleep. I have not felt any excessive heat coming from the device and it seems to charge my phone fully and perfectly. It is small and compact which makes it great for travel. I am sure I see myself purchasing another one in the future to have as a secondary charging place in another more common location in my home.
This is a good charger, but it is not recognized as a fast charging device by my Galaxy S9.  It does charge the phone, but its a normal, slow charge.  It works and is made well, and its attractive. I normally look to Anker products as being made of quality parts and engineering, and Ive bought many products from them over the years (batteries, chargers, adapters, cables, etc.).  Although this product did not fast charge my Galaxy S9, Anker contacted me directly and made the situation more than correct.  I am beyond happy with this transaction, and I will continue to look to Anker for quality products and excellent customer service.
Works as expected.
Ive used this wireless charging pad for a week now, and it works great with my iphone 8.  I use an old ipad plug to connect it to the wall.  So far so good.
nice
Works great.
Had a little issue with the first pad I ordered, Anker emailed me directly and made it right. Will definitely be using more anker products because you won’t find another company that cares about their customers experiences more than Anker
Works well with my iphone x.  At first it was only working intermittently so I called support.  They promptly sent out a replacement.  I had the same problem and realized it was my USB power source not the charger.  Rather than return the original, I wanted to keep it for use in another location.  I tried to buy it but support told me to keep it at no charge and hoped I would recommend their company to others.  I am glad to do so -- good product and excellent support.
Anker reached out to me in response to my previous review regarding a faulty unit. They offered a brand new charger which arrived today.  My phone is now charging flawlessly!  I must say this is amazing customer service as I did not reach out to them nor request a replacement. I am very happy with the charger and very much impressed by the company!  Thank you Anker!
How simple - you lay your phone down and it charges your phone.  No hassling with cords when you get a call - pick up take call - lay back down.  LOVE this technology and this product works great.
I like these as they do not have a bright status light. I dont use for travel
This is a great charger for my iPhone 8. Having it placed on my night stand is great for simply placing my phone on it when I am going to bed or just relaxing throughout the day. I was a little worried about the blue light staying on while charging at night, but it is no minimal that I have to look at the charger to even notice it. This unit does not get hot, or even warm enough for me to have any concern of leaving my phone on it all night. Great charger for phones that support wireless charging!
I love it
I share this charger with my wife. She has an iPhone 8 Plus and I have an iPhone 10S Max. This charger is rady to go out the box. Just plug it in and charge. It is easy to position your phone on it to charge. It is not super sensitive about where you place it. Your phone Just needs to be somewhat centered on the charger. When charging my phone is slightly warm but not to where it causes any concern. IBoth my wife and I have left our phones charging overnight with no problems. I believe the phone stops charging after its at 100% because it is not even warm when I take it off the charger in the  morning. The cord is short. It will work if the plug is directly near the desk/stand you are placing the charger on. Otherwise you will neeed to buy a onger cord. This is still worth the price. I have had no problems with my phone slipping off the charger due to it going off like some other chargers. This also works with thick cases like the Otterbox Defender cases.
Sometimes I have to take the phone off a few times before it starts charging or unplugging it and plugging back in to get it to work. Other than that, it charges fast and nicely.
Bought 2 of these- one for my desk and one for home. Ive been using them for a few months and both are working great! I’ve stowed away all my wall chargers!
Me sorprendió por su funcionalidad/precio.
Its just like I thought
The first chargers I received did not charge my phones consistently, and then stopped working altogether. I was sent replacements, and wanted to wait before writing a revised review. I can now honestly say the first two  must have been defects because I have had no problems at all with the replacement chargers. Our phones (iPhones X and 8) charge quickly, and the chargers even work with my daughter’s light up jeweled Casemate case. Great product and amazing customer service!
Easy to use
Great wireless charger for my Pixel 3. Nice clean look with an LED to show you when the phone is charging. Only charges at 5W but I prefer a slow charge for overnight use to keep the battery healthy for longer. One thing to remember is that this doesnt come with the AC adapter and only a 3 foot cable which Ive swapped out for a longer one.
Works great with iPhone X and XS. I will say though that if no case is used on this phone, the glass is so slick it can actually very gradually slide out of place. Just about any case stopped this from happening. The charger has a soft, velvet feel silicone surface. Charges iPhone X and XS with a full Otterbox Defender as well as a Popit attached directly to the back center of the glass (compressed of course). That simply amazed me.
good
I love this charger, I got a few to put around the house/my desk in areas I use my phone the most. I love that I can charge my phone without plugging it in, as I feel that the charging port gets loose after a little while.
I charge my spaceship with it.
Did not  realize my devices wouldn’t work with this charger. Customer service was quick to respond and provide a solution. Very happy with the outcome. I would Buy more of their products and recommend to others
This one comes with the convenience and at a super comfortable price. At the price I got, I can get two more and it will still be cheaper than my "original" ones
Works every time, and charges my iPhone X great!
Works good
Works great! Even with the Clayco case thats on it. Very satisfied with the product.
I love charging wireless. This is the first wireless charger I have used and I and thrilled. Can’t speak to durability but it charges my iPhone 8 Plus with a life proof case. Just lay it on and it’s 100% by morning. Shipping was fast with Prime. Plug and play. Very easy.
I really like this charger for my iPhone 8. So convenient to use and charges quickly.
Great. This is not a fast speed charger so don’t expect that but it’s a great wireless charger for its price
Works as advertised and takes up a small footprint on my table.
What a great product for the price. Which the cord was a bit longer but other than that it works quite well just like any of the high-end brands that you can purchase that any retail store or phone store.  Charge is just as fast as the other ones.
el articulo corresponde con la descripción
Does what its supposed to!
Fast charger and it’s light
Had to learn to put my iPhone X in the center but has worked perfectly. So much easier than plugging in.
Love the item will buy it again.
Super handy, awesome item! This has been Great! I can easily set my phone on it to charge, then, if I get a call, I can grab my phone and walk away. No need to deal with unplugging it, or being stuck by the wall with it plugged in.  Efficient charge time as well.
Amazing product and costumer service. I love it.
I got this charger for my desk at work, its nice to be able to lay my phone down while it charges but still be able to listen to music. It charges quickly and despite some other reviews that I have seen on here, I have had this pad for a while now and waited to make sure that I didnt experience any over-heating like some say. No over heating at all..Its great!!
Best cost-benefit!!!
Works like a champ. Wish it came with the adapter to plug into wall though.
Love it
I put this on my desk.  Put the phone on it and it works.  How easier can it get.  No wear on my USB port.
Use it at night to charge my iPhone 8. I love that the indicator light isn’t bright at all, and it charges my phone quickly with no issues.
Love it! Just what I wanted. I use this charger in my car and love the convenience of just picking up my phone without having to unplug it while driving!
Ok
Charges a bit slow, but that’s most likely to be expected. Other than that it works great.
Update!!  Anker reaches out to me following my poor review. It was determined I received a faulty charger and they will be sending me a new one. 5 stars for excellent customer service. I have several Anker portable battery backs for my phone and absolutely love them. My charging port broke on my iPhone so I bought one of these to use the wireless charging capabilities. I was very disappointed at how slow it charged my phone. My phone battery only went up about 25% last night and 30% the night before. I didn’t move the phone at all during the night and when I woke up, it still claimed to be charging. Hoping tonight goes better!
I bought this on prime day because it was a great price. I already had a wireless charger but I wanted a second one to keep at work. This one is perfect for my desk. It doesnt take up a lot of space and it charges my phone even with a case on it. The best part is that because its flat, even with a pop socket on, if you lay it just right it will still charge, granted kind is on the lower part of my phone case so theres still room. I dont think that would work if a pop socket is in the middle... Im very happy with my purchase. My only suggestion would be a longer cord and it also doesnt come with a charging block. The cord length works for me at my desk, but it was a close call.
I bought 2,  one for my desk at work,  and one for my wife for her nightstand.  I already had a Belkin charger for my IPhone and Apple watch,  or Id have bought one for my nightstand too.  Keeps my phone topped off at work while I stream music or news,  and charges my wifes phone overnight without any acrobatics-  just toss it on and the tiny LED indicator lights up and the phones charge indicator simultaneously light up.  Easy Peasy.
Working great,bought another for the garage!
Works just as great as my expensive one, wish I had bought this one originally
Does the job but wish that the cable was a lightening cable not a micro usb.
works
Blah
Works great.
For the price, this is a nice charger. It can charge at the advertised maximum rate of 5W.  The photo shows charging on a 2.4A USB port.  Keep in mind that charging is not linear.  I tried different USB sources including a MacBook USB 2.0 port at 500mA, a generic 1.2A port, a generic 2.4A port, and Apple iPhone and iPad bricks. They all work well, and there is no excessive heat.  Charge rate will be slower with the lower power ports.  The blue indicator light is bright enough to see in the day, but dim enough that its unobtrusive at night. It includes a USB cord, but any USB cord will work. There is no humming, noise or vibration, and no significant heat. It charges through most cases, but will not charge if you have a Pop Socket. People who say it does are lucky - the distance with a Pop Socket is right at the limit of the maximum distance. I can push down on mine to compress the Pop Socket, and it will start charging, but when I remove pressure it stops.  I simply removed my Pop Socket.  At the absolute maximum charging distance, I measured a reduced current rate of about 80%. The one issue I have is that theres nothing to guarantee that you have your phone placed on the sweet spot. You can inadvertently place it off center just slightly, and it will not charge. Once I place it near the center and it started to charge, but because it was right at the edge of the charge zone, it spontaneously stopped charging - while I watched it. I bought this to keep my iPhoneX charged while I use it on extended calls while using a wired headset, and it does the job.
I really like this wireless charging pad.  It is simple, minimal and just works.  Thin design and the surface is nice and soft to prevent accidental scratches.  Place your phone on the pad and a second or two later the little blue light comes on and the phone starts to charge.  The speed isnt super fast but it gets the job done and keeps the phone from getting too hot.  Only downside is that it doesnt come with a wall charger but everyone should have plenty of those lying around.
So far this has been an excellent product! I can even charge my phone through its case.
Does a great job charging my iPhone X, even with a case. Very low profile and works well as a place to put my phone down at my desk. Im rating 4 stars because Ive started to notice some discoloration nearer the center of the pad in a circular pattern. Im guessing this is where the coil in the wireless charger is. I havent noticed my phones case feeling hot, but its unfortunate to see this warping(?) in the charge pad.
Charging pad is great but does not come with charging adapter. Make sure you read Ankers specs, you CAN NOT USE your typical Apple iPhone charger with this, you must use a 5v 2.4A or greater. Easier than plugging in, but placement is important. Make sure your phone in centered on the pad or it won’t charge.
Not 7.5/10W but plenty fast for my overnight charging, and less chance of heat/battery damage.  Cheap, easy to center, no glaring LEDs in dark bedrooms.  Using w iPhone X’s Max and UAG Monarch case (relatively thick).
Stopped working after 5 days!  Waste of my money! Addendum:  the company contacted me and offered to send a replacement. I used the replacement for 3 weeks and it is still working. I’ve been ordering from amazon for years and this is the first time I’ve been contacted by a company and offered a replacement. Thank you Anker, I will buy again!
EDIT TO REVIEW 12/18/18: Anker actually reached out to me regarding my experience with this product, and sent me a replacement unit! The replacement unit works FLAWLESSLY, I think I just got a defective one the first go around. I love this charging pad and use it daily, I am going to order one for my sister as well. Such great service and Anker stand behind their products! Original post: I really like the design and it feels sleek and compact but mine just doesn’t work. I plugged it in for the first time and got the blue light, but woke up and my phone was at 2% like it had not even charged. My phone has no case on it, and it seemed like it was charging but the battery level never went up. Today I tried again and made sure to center it on the pad and same thing; appears to be charging but no change in battery level. Unfortunately I threw away the packaging so I am stuck with a sleek looking paper weight  :(
This is awesome! I’ve purchased a 3 more our house and more for family. Fantastic charger!!
Nice product. Works with case on the phone. Cord could be a little longer.
Update: even though I had problem with the device at first, Anker reached out to me and resolved the problem. Fantastic customer service. ----- Phone gets really hot and charges too slow. My pixel phone is brand new and i dont want to risk its battery life due to extreme heat exposure.
if you dont have the phone perfectly on it,  you wont charge. Otherwise its great.
I had an issue with my charger but the team at anker made sure to send a replacement hassle free and thank you for the great customer service
I bought two of these and they work great. I have not had an issue with them not fully charging ours phones. I have also taken one on a trip and no issues there either.
I cant rate durability (have not had it long enough) but fast charge easy to use, yes! and it does not cost a lot!
When I grabbed this charger at $10 a couple weeks ago, I didnt have high hopes for it.  But, Ive been pleasantly surprised!  Not only have I had no issues charging my iPhone XS, neither my phone nor charger has gotten hot as some reviewers described their experience.  Its incredibly light and compact and works via USB and doesnt need a wall wart if your USB port has enough power for it.
I took my plastic hard case off my phone,and this charge my phone very fast.
Charger works great even with a waterproof case + popsocket on my iPhone X. You just need to shift your phone a little until it starts charging and once you’re used to that, it’s awesome.
Purchased this Anker pad charger back in April.  About three months later, my iPhone didnt always charge after a night on the pad.  Found out that the cable was bad.  Contacted Customer Service.  They sent a new cable right away.  All is well again.  The new cable is far better than the one that came with my charging pad.  I have purchased a number of Anker products and have been thrilled with the quality. IMO, better than Apple.  And Customer Service is excellent!
I had a few had a few of these and a couple of them died. Anker replaced them free of charge. Great customer service and they stand behind their product.
Packaging was really good. It is so far working great and i am satisfied with this purchase. Looking forward that it would prove great.
Charges a Galaxy S8 through a “unicorn beetle” phone case. Sleek & Simple.
UPDATE:  I guess I got a defective one.  Anker saw my review and sent me a replacement for free.  Great service recovery!! OLD: Haven’t even had this for 6 months and it already doesn’t work.
I absolutely love this charger. The thinness allows me to rest it in my phone stand and still have room to slide my phone in there also. Very pleased.
I use an S8 and was getting tired of leaving it on a cord or finding a USB C since only had the one that came w/the phone from the factory. Ive had no issues w/this charger and own a couple of Anker products (Astro E1), their customer service is spot on should a product fail under its warranty.
While I had trouble with the charger being defective Ankars customer service is second to none and took care of the issue. Top notch company!!
Update on my previous feedback. After having issues with my charger and posting this feedback Anker reach out to me asking the problems I was having. After doing couple of troubleshooting intents they realized that I received a defective unit and inmediately send me a new one. The new one have been working perfectly for couple of weeks now. Anker also reach out to verify if the new unit was still working fine. Excellent customer support. Thanks Anker. Charger very unreliable. This charges my phone very slow compare with other market chargers. Sometimes, I set it on the disc and it will start charging and other times I have to move it around and around, take it on and off the charger, disconnect it from the power to get it to start charging. Almost every night losses its charging connection in the middle of the charge. Nothing like putting your phone on the charger before you go to bed and waking up with the battery in less than 50%, 30%, etc... because it stopped charging in the middle of the night. Not useful at all!!!
The charger seems to work great!  Charging speed is definitely quick.  Be sure to use a proper 5V/2A adapter to prevent overheating and the occasional discharge.  May not work with a proper adapter
Been using for 3 months now and it just stopped working last week. We also have RAVPower charger and that is holding up strong still. UPDATE: Within a week after posting my original review/comment, Anker contacted me and sent a replacement without any question.  So far (its only been a week) the new charger is working fine.  Changing their rating with a few extra * for standing behind their product and the excellent customer service.  Hopefully, the replacement unit will last (fingers crossed).
Love this wireless charger for my iPhone X. I have a pop socket on the back of my phone and it is still able to charge it.
Very easy to set up.  Any Android type charger will work on it.  Nice quality and 18 month warranty.
Great for charging the phone overnight!
Awesome
Blue indicator light started blinking and no longer charged my iPhone 8. (I removed the phone cover when charging) Update:  I returned the wireless charger hassle free and was refunded. Anker customer support contacted me and replaced my charger with the PowerPort Wireless 5 stand which is working great. Make sure you use a plug that is recommended (not the iphone plug/AC Adapter) and plug it in directly to the wall outlet.  I used a cube multi outlet and that may have been part of the problem. Very happy with Anker Customer Service and my replacement charger.
Started working intermittently after one week. Seemed dead, but plugging it into another outlet and then back to its original spot would bring it back to life. No time for that. Sending this one back. UPDATE: Kudos to the Anker customer service team for paying attention to reviews here. They reached out to me and are sending a replacement to give it a second chance.
Charges my iPhone X fast. Nicely done.
Works like it should, no issues
Works flawlessly
Anker offers a great product, I bought multiple charging stations and they all worked great! I had an issue with one of them which turned out to be the wall charging unit and not the Anker PowerPort, but their customer service still helped me figure out the issue! Will definitely use Anker in the future.
Can’t say enough how much I like this charger. Use it with a pop socket and lifeproof case with an iPhone X.  Have no problems.
It definitely works, but it’s a little slow. If the phone isn’t centered it doesn’t charge, but for the price it’s awesome.
Very convenient to charge my iPhone.
Works as advertised
Great cord free charger!
Update: after writing my original review I received an email from their customer service. Free of charge they sent me a new charger. Try we’re great to work with. Charger works quickly. My phone is always fully charged from 1 or 2% within a couple of hours.
Works great.
My first one. Its nice to not have to plug in to my phone, saves ruining cords... But its slow to charge and I dont use it that much. Im on my phone a lot, so theres not much time where I can lay it down to charge. Bedtime is the best time to use it. UPDATE: I did a little test and it seems to charge faster out of the case. The best thing is, the company wrote after reading my review and offered to send a new one! Hows that for customer service?! I wouldnt hesitate to buy from Anker again. Changing review from 3 star to 4!
A three foot cable.  Come on guys !!  You ruin a good product with a short cable. Don’t be cheap.
I got two of these chargers and they are well made and work perfectly with my iPhone 8 Plus. Anker makes great products.
Good charger, just wish the cable was longer!
Bought 3, and 2 stopped working after a few days of use. Since my last review the issues were fully solved by the supplier.  The problem was the adapter, not the charger.  Great customer service by the supplier
I purchased this for use with my iPhone X and can happily report that it works just fine. It comes with a USB cable rather than a charging block and cable, but I had no issue since I have multiple blocks laying around the house. It charges my iPhone X quickly and reliably, even through both thick and thin cases.
Overheated. ----- updates: I was contacted by the seller for a replacment and had the issue solved to change the power adabter, great support.
Not exactly fast charging, but better than regular non-fast charging.
Works better than the Samsung one!
Works good
Solid, generally performs as expected, sometimes a little touchy for making the connection.
Excellent product. Charges my phone even when its in a thin case. I definitely recommend this!
Awesome product gets the job done. No.issues no over heating phone or any of that. It gets it done
Works great for my IphoneXS! Just make sure to place your phone securely in the middle of the pad, not off to the side. I do wish it came w a longer cord though.
My first on would stop working every few weeks for a few days at a time, so I left a review. A few days later the company emailed me and offered both an apology and a replacement product. I will continue purchasing Anker products due to both their quality and dedication!!
Using this with iPhone XS and it works perfectly.  Not sure of the overall charging efficiency as we just put our phones on it at night and theyre all charged in the morning.  Just remember to use a wall-wart with adequate power.
Works great, haven’t had any issues.
I love Anker products. They never let me down. They have top notch products that is always up to date. Whenever I see a product with Anker I would always take a second look even if I don’t need the product! Ha ha
For the price is a very good charger, the most I like is that is compatible with many devices. I use it with my phone and it does not charge as fast as with the cable and thats why the 4 stars but its pretty good
Bought two of these to charge our iPhone 8+. They charge wonderfully, but I notice a slight hum coming from the charger.
Update 2: I received the replacement unit and so far it has not kicked my phone off my bedside table and the phone is fully charged on the morning. Good product and very efficient customer service! Update: customer service contacted me after my review and offered to send a replacement unit. Adding one start already for their reactivity. Will update when I get a chance to test the new charger. I bought this charger to make it easy to charge my phone overnight. It worked fine for a while but then I noticed a few times my phone wasnt charged in the morning and was not centered on the charger anymore. Last night my phone actually fell from the bedside table. I suspect its a magnetic effect caused by the chargers coils but this renders the charger definitely much less useful...
Works great and charges my iPhone 8 Plus FAST even through an OtterBox Commuter Series case. Typical Anker excellent quality. There are 2 things you MUST do with this charger for it to work correctly. 1. Use a HIGH POWER CHARGER.. not the one that came with your phone but a 2 amp (or more) 10w (or more) charger (like those for iPads - those are 2.4 amp, 12W). 2. Cannot have a case thicker than 5 mm or made of anything other than plastic.
I’ve only had this charger for 2 days, but I’m very happy with it so far. Charges my iPhone 8 very quickly; I just have to be sure to place it correctly on the pad. I have a plastic case on my phone, & the case did not keep it from charging. I don’t have it in my bedroom, but I don’t think the small blue light would be a disturbance. Also impressive that Anker sent an email that includes tips for proper use.
Charges my iPhone 8 perfectly
Charges my Note 5 in about 2 hours and 15 minutes from complete dead. I wish it had the fast-charging function but it doesnt. For the price you cant beat it though.
Well, this charger worked. Once. Second time I went to set my phone down, nothing happened. Thought maybe it was the case, took it off, still nothing. Been fiddling with it for awhile now plugging it into different wall sockets and using different adapters, still nothing. Really disappointing, as I’ve bought Anker products before and they all stopped working the same way. Maybe I got a bum unit? :/ I really wish this would’ve worked! What a neat concept. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and sent me a new charger free of charge and showed me how to use it (Tip: use a charger box with a higher output than the typical Apple ones) and it works like a CHARM! I love not damaging the port on my phone and the ease of setting me phone down to charge. It’s a simple thing but feels elegant and modern. LOVE! Thank you Anker!!!
Works great and super fast shipping
Kind of big
I like how it sleek it looks. It works so far so good. Update: Old product stops working after 3 days so their customer service reached out to me and I explained the situation. They responded immediately and offered a replacement. The new one is working fine now and Im happy with their service. I will definitely buy from Anker again. Also shout out to Lanckey who was the one taking care of this :)
Excellent purchase
Works great for my iPhone 8 Plus and Galaxy S9 Plus.
After some initial problems, this unit performs as expected. Not sure why but some intermittent charging issues have not occurred anymore. I didnt change anything.
I purchased the Anker wireless charger on Amazon Prime day.  I’ve never had an issue with any Anker product I have purchased in the past; I’ve always been very pleased. This wireless charger just will not work. I used my iPad 10 watt power adaptor as suggested, but it will not charge my personal iPhone 8 or my iPhone 6 that I use for work. The blue light blinks repeatedly, but no charging activity. I’ve tried it both with and without the case.  I contacted Anker customer service and they immediately sent me a replacement wireless charger. Same results. Soooo disappointed! I’ll be contacting Anker again for a refund :( Update: I tried a different iPad charger adapter and now it works perfectly!!!!!!!!
Works very well with my iphone x. No complaints here and ended up getting a few more around the house
Works well for my wife, since I bought her an iPhone 8, and this way I can get her to stop stealing my iPhone charging cord.  Has worked flawlessly so far, and easy to use even through her case.
Works great with iPhone 8 - even with life proof case
First time stepping into the wireless charging hype. The Anker pad doesn’t feel like a high quality base but it accomplishes what it’s made for. Also can’t help but feel that the lightning cable is a faster way to charge but that doesn’t come as a surprise. Thus the 4 stars.
Works good but I have to take my phone out of the case to get full charge power. Leaving case on slows the charge rate and heats up the battery pretty good. Without the case heat isnt an issue.
This charger works well with my iphone X.  I charge my phone overnight so I dont worry too much about the charging speed, but this one seems to charge at about the same speed as my lightning cord.
I should’ve ordered this charging pad a long time ago! It charges my phone perfectly!
Bought this lightning deal as had been wanting one for a while now but didnt really need one. Very glad I made the purchase as it blends with my coffee table and now have a charger thats in a convenient location and can pick up my phone without having to deal with unplugging it. Satisfied customer...5 stars!!!
Got caught without a phone charger when I came home from work and realized I left it in the office. I had to make an emergency trip to the nearest store to get a new one. One of my tech friends recommended to get a wireless charger, because of events like this. Plus if something breaks near the port area, you can still charge your phone this way. Cord it comes with is a little short, but thats not all that big of a deal. Its also convenient if you have a friend stay over and they dont have the same charging port, and they forgot their charger. This will work with any phone. If you have a case or anything on the back of your phone like a magnet or a popsocket, that needs to be removed before charging it. But when youre in a pinch, who cares. It charges just as fast as any good charging cord.
Works great. I’ve been wanting a wireless charger for a while now. So glad I saw this on Prime Day; great deal!
Works perfectly with my Galaxy s9 !
Perfect
Is work
Just as advertised. No surprise.
does what its suppost to
This is light weight but stays put on the desk or table, thanks to a large rubberized bottom. The top surface is flat and soft -- helpful for a glass-backed iPhone! Its a larger surface that either the RAVPOWER charger or Ankers 10W charging pad. I prefer this one. A small and very subtle blue light illuminates on the top while the phone is charging/on the pad. Its a perfect LED. Bright enough to see when you look at it, but it doesnt illuminate the surroundings. Anker service is fantastic! They sent this one to me to replace the 10W model, also shown in the photos, which had a problem. Buy what you want; if you have a problem, they will make it right.
From the moment I opened this I could tell it was a quality piece from Anker. The packaging was made around the unit not thrown into a box and stuffed with styrofoam or bubble wrap. The unit itself feels like high quality brushed plastic with a thin coating top and bottom of a "non-skid" plastic or rubber. When I ordered this I just saw it and said, "that looks nice, I want one". Unfortunatley my phone is not an Apple product and not wireless charging compatible. I got a Q1 receiving card, ($6.00), for an LG Fortune and it works great. So its not an "Apple only" product and can be used with older phones. Its a great charger especially for someone that wants something to just set their phone on, charge, pick it up and go. I used to run my phone down, plug it in, charge it, go without my phone for a while and then do the same thing over and over again. I placed the unit on my desktop so now I just set my phone on it while working, it charges, pick it up and go. The only con that I have with it is that someone came to ask me a question and set a cup of coffee on it thinking that it was a "cup warmer".
Product was packaged well and received on time. I needed this one for the bedroom. I do charge my phone with the case on. I have an older S3 that Ive put in a Qi wireless adapter so I can charge wirelessly. It works great with one caveat. As others have stated you have to position your phone just right for it to start charging.  It takes several attempts to find the sweet spot. I have another (different brand) wireless charger in the living room that has 3 coils and no problems. Works every time, but this one with one coil requires a bit of movement to find the spot it likes. It seems to charge just as fast as the other unit I have in the living room. I love Anker products and have purchased many. If I had a newer style phone with build-in wireless charging I wouldnt hesitate to purchase again. But if youre using an adapter in your phone I would probably look for a 3 coil unit that doesnt require the finding aspect. I wouldve given it 5 stars if it werent for the finding the sweet spot.
Great charger. Charges quickly and unobtrusive on my bedside table. The charging light is easily visible when you want to see it, but small and dim enough that it doesnt bother me when I try to go to bed and dont want any lights. The charging coil requires a somewhat precise placement of the phone (ie no hanging off the side) but once I got the hang of it I rarely need to re-position.
My 9th product from Anker and as advertised it works perfectly.
Works great even with an Apple leather case on!
Great product for the money. Very forgiving as to phone position. Always satisfied with Anker products.
Awesome product! Works perfectly
Works very well on my iphone 8 and 8 plus . Seems to charge almost as fast as the lightning connector . Not very picky about where you place it on the pad ... just place it down , the little light turns on and charging begins . Only thing I wished is that the charging indicator lit up brighter when first placing your phone on the charger and then dimmed down . Instead the led is pretty dim all the time . I guess thats better then bright all the time though . All in all a great product .
After having it for a couple of months, it has stopped working. Spend a little more money and get a better product. Update: After my first review the company reached out to me. They made some suggestions and also offered to send me a new one. The suggestions they made seemed to work out.
I was so hopeful for this wireless charger and it doesn’t work! Must be defective. I received it over a week ago and have plugged it in and tried to charge my phone and nothing has worked. Will definitely return and am willing to try a replacement, but it’s auch a hassle. UPDATE: Customer service contacted me and gave me a refund and let me know that this charged doesn’t work for all phones. I was trying to charge my iPhone 7 and that’s why it didn’t work. I gave it to my coworker with an iPhone X and it works fine for her. I would just say before you buy this, check the fine print to see if your phone is covered.
This wireless charger worked right out of the box with the iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy S7 phones.  The setup was super easy with one included USB cable. I did not have to do any setup on the phones; just lay them on the pad and it starts charging.  It does not come with the power adapter and I used my existing 5V, 2A USB power brick.  With a 1A brick the charge time is longer.  I reduced 1 star due to the dimness of the blue LED that is on while charging and because the USB cable is short.
Good but slow charging
It works exactly the way its supposed to. I was worried that it might not work with my phone case and pop socket, but it works just the same. Very easy to use.
I got mine about 4 months ago, and there are times when the charger all of a sudden doesn’t work. I have to unplug the cube from the wall, then the cord from the cube, then plug it back in again for it to work again. It’s a minor issue, but it gets pretty irritating after awhile having to do it over and over. It’s inexpensive, great for travel and easy to use though.
I bought a couple of these for our new iPhone X and XS just to have around the house. I also purchased the Mophie ones from apple at the time that I got the phones. These ankers are just as good. They work well and charge as expected. The one good thing is that they are usb so you can plug into any standard usb charger outlet. The only downside is that they dont come with a charger.
no setup required, plug and use! phone gets a little warm if charged wirelessly with case but i think thats to be expected. 100% would buy again.
My charger stopped working for no reason after about 2-3 weeks. I realized it when I got to work one morning and my battery was at 31%. It was a good deal, but not happy with it not working anymore. Edited—The company ended up sending me a new wireless charger at no charge. They were very easy to work with through the process. I even offered to send the bad one back but they told me just to dispose of it. I received a new wireless charger very quickly. The new charger is working just fine so far. I haven’t had any issues since receiving the new one. Thank you for making me a happy customer!
Works great!
Received fast. works great.
This is another super charging product from the fine folks at Anker! Top tip for those that are new to wireless charging... Do actually set your phone on the charging pad and make sure that the little blue light comes on.
I have now used this for over 1 month. I keep it in my office and it charges faster than I thought it would. Im ordering two more because that is how good they work.
I wanted to update my negative review because Anker promptly contacted me immediately after submitting my review and made some suggestions to try to correct the problem I was having.  They also said they would immediately replace the faulty item if the troubleshooting didnt work.  I turned off the phone and rebooted and then placed it on the charger and it seems to be working again!!  If this continues I would highly recommend this charger.  Its a great price for an excellent product. DON’t BUY THIS!!!!! I’m very disappointed in this charger. I’ve been using it for a little over 2 months and it stopped working suddenly. I did nothing to cause this and don’t seem to be able to contact the seller.
Works well but the cord is too short for this to be on my work desk. Needs about. 4’ and this includes a 3’ cord.
Worked for only five days and now the blue LED keeps flashing. Theres no metal between my phone and the temperature is normal. Can I get a new one? I do not want to return it back. Thank you. Already got a replace one and the customer service is great.
Great customer service from this company, great product
It is quiet and easy to use.  It is not quite as fast as the Samsung wireless charger but fast enough for what I need since I normally charge my phone over night.  HOWEVER, for some reason, it will stop charging during the cycle.  Some nights I put my phone on the charger and it shows 48% and when I take it off the charger in the morning, it will show 49%.  I know it starts to charge because the phone gives the notification and also shows that it is charging.  I do not know why it randomly stops charging.  Not very reliable since it happens at least once a week.  Cannot recommend. UPDATE:  9/6/2018  Customer Service with AnkerDirect reached out to me regarding the issues I have been having, even though it has been more than 60 days since I purchased the charger.  After doing some trouble shooting, they decided to send me a replacement.  Because of that level of customer service, I am changing my rating from a "1" to a "4".  If I experience problems with the replacement, I will update this review.  Otherwise, I am now a satisfied customer and can recommend this product
product works like a charm.  Had one minor issue, but the Anker team was quick to respond with a replacement.  Highly recommended.
The charger did stop working after Bert light use, but Anker support was great.  They sent me a new one that has been working last month or two
I have a plastic case of medium thickness and the charger worked without issue.
It works as advertised. It is of a pleasing size and texture. My only suggestion for improvement would be a longer cord but that is a minor consideration.
This works great and is easy to set our phones on to charge
It is amazing how cheap decent Qi chargers are now and with my good experience with Anker products decided to try this. It is a Qi Charger, not much to explain and works great.  Only issue is that the zone of charging is more narrow than the expensive units.  It is finicky, need some effort to make sure the phone is charging by moving it around the charger.  Other than that is good.
This charger work with our iPhone X and iPhone 8.  It is fast.  No more taking time to get a phone plugged in.  The price is right too.
Im using this to charge my iPhone 8+ and it works like a charm... set my phone on the charger... ding... lets me know its working...
Charging is slow
This item should not be called a "wireless charger". It is a wireless charging pad with no charger included. I know this is somewhat my fault because I should have read the whole 50 word title before hitting buy it now, but calling it a charger is a bit misleading. Now I need to order a power brick.   UPDATE: Anker customer service emailed me through Amazon after reading my reveiw. They felt bad that i was mislead by the title (even though i admited that i should have been more careful) and they are sending me a power brick for free! Great customer service!
I like it chargers fast.
Work with iPhone X
Did not know it did not come with a plug. But seems to work well. Awesome for 14 bucks will buy a few more.
Love it no more plugging my phone in and having to click open my life proof case.  Will buy more.  Works through life proof case on iPhone 8
I like how it is easy to use and charges my s9 plus in less than an hr its my first time purchasing and trying a product like this.
Charges quickly, through an otter box case, battery lasts a long time.
I love Anker. LOVE! Their products are extremely well made, wonderfully packaged, and thoughtfully designed. This item is no different. Having an iPhone 8 Plus I was excited to try wireless charging. The wireless charger arrived in a well designed boxx which keeps the items safe during their transit. The wireless charger does not come with a power plug in but does come with a USB cable. I just plugged this in to my on my bedside table and was greeted with a not-too-bright/not in your face blue light. I plopped my iPhone down on the charger and within a second got confirmation that it was charging! Note: I also use a on my phone and even with this case on - the phone charges great!!! Another GREAT Anker product!!!
So I recently upgraded my iPhone to the iPhone X. So I’m new to this whole wireless charging hubbub. It is pretty easy. I plugged it into the wall and then the cable into the wall thingy and then the round wireless charging thingy and voila! I gently slapped my expensive phone onto it and started charging like magic. I’m very happy with my purchase.
Works great like all Anker products
Stopped working shortly after receiving it. They worked with me to get a replacement now it works really well.
REVISED:  Based on my initial review, Anker contacted me directly and replaced the unit at no cost.  I received the replacement unit, and it is now working fine.  NOTE TO ALL:  if your wireless charging pad stops working, it could easily be your phone.  I had to do a Hard Reset on my iPhone 8 in order to get it to work on a Qi wireless pad.  This seems to be an issue anytime a software update in installed, or Apps are updated.  Id recommend you try this should your device not charge. I will edit this review again should I have issues with this replacement. One Star - first poor Anker product Ive bought.  Every other item (chargers, cables, battery packs, Dashcam) have been great quality.  This charger device looks to be of high quality, but failed after 3 weeks.  Im not sure if its worth buying any of the wireless chargers, as they all seem to have high failure rates.  I may wait for the Apple version, as I know their quality control to typically be above reproach.  Returning this Anker unit today.
Love it. Hope it gives longer service that plug in chargers.
This PowerPort works flawless with my S9.  It doesnt do fast charging but my phone didnt get hot which is important.  The build is quite sturdy and it is packaged extremely well.  Look no further if you are looking for a good wireless charging brand. Not to the mention that Ankers warranty is unbeatable.
The charger worked great, even through my phone case, for about a month. Now it doesn’t even charge with the case off. UPDATE Anker Customer Support reaches out to me within minutes of my review and sent me another charger to rectify the issue. I received the charger within a couple days. 5 star customer service.
Dont spend $50/$60 on the Belkin or Mophie ones... This is better in my experience.
Works well slow charge. Hail Hydra
It was a great product but it had short life. After almost three months from the purchase it stop charging my iPhone 8plus. I tried everything I removed the case and place my phone but it didn’t work. Anker has usually a great customer service. Will call them and update my review as neeeded. Update: Anker customer service contacted me and they are sending me a replacement unit. That’s great customer service and I really appreciate. I’m revising it to 4 out of 5 for the great customer service.
Excellent. I bought this charger for my daughter and she couldnt be happier with it. She said it is the best charger she has ever owned.
I wanted a charger that would work without having to take my otterbox defender case off....this one does -- I dont even have to move the phone around to try to find the sweet spot -- just put in on the charger and it charges.
*Update- Anker contacted me and sent me a replacement free. The new one works. Did know customer service like that existed anymore. WOW!!* This worked for a little over a week. Then it would quit charging my phone halfway through the night. I wouldn’t recommend this product.
New review: the company sent me a new charging pad free of charge and it works perfectly, great customer service Old review: Worked for great for two days but now the blue LED just flashes and it doesn’t charge.  I want my money back
I have an iPhone 8 Plus with Lifeproof case. Works great! Very pleased.
Awesome product. can’t go wrong with an Anker! ;)
Great product! For the price, this is one of the best options on the market! I only buy Anker now because the brand itself is just amazing. I have not been disappointed yet!
So far had it 2 weeks and I must say this is very much worth the purchase. I use it for my galaxy s9 plus and I have never had to worry about the charge in the morning or ever needing to plug my phone in. The other great feature is it seems to magnetize to a metal object on my desk and stays put. Other then that it is basically perfect weight and could stay still regardless of that.
Just noting this for fellow Pixel 3/3XL owners: this wont fast-charge these devices. Works well enough though -- charges about the same rate as your average USB wall plug (500-800 mA says Accubattery). Good buy, and Anker hasnt done me wrong yet!
This my second Anker product and there great, the power cord that comes with the charger is USB with no wall plug adapter which would have been nice to know, thankfully I had extras so it worked out.
Works great
Overall a good product.  I had issues with the charger not working when I first got it.  The wireless charger does not come with a plug, but only the USB cable.  I tried using a standard 5V/1A/5W, USB plug that comes with the standard iphone.  I read some reviews online, and the wireless charger requires a 10W (5V/2.1A) USB plug.  These are the bigger ones that would come with an ipad or laptop.  Luckily I had a plug from my iPad that I use now and it works perfectly.  This was frustrating at first, but works great now that I use it with the right plug.
Love this. Just plop my phone down and forget it.
The unit is dirty before opened. Is it a returned product or a refurbished one? I clearly paid for the new item. (Update : The support called and sent me a new one).  The unit worked as expected and I will change the star to 5.
Works well but you have to get the phone EXACTLY on it the right way or it doesnt start charging.  I find that to be annoying. Update: Anker provided me with a replacement charger, and the new one works great.  Its not temperamental like the previous one which must have been a fluke because Ive ordered two of these and both are functioning wonderfully now.  They charge my iPhone fast and are small and sleek.  Great buy!!
I ordered one for my husband for his birthday and ended up getting one for myself as well. They are perfect on the nightstand and give a fast charge. He had bought himself a more expensive one but it lit up very brightly while charging at night. This one has a small blue light while charging which makes it much nicer for the bedside.
Works even through my pop socket.
Easy to put together
Used once and stopped working.received replacement in a timely manner.Overall very satisfied with the charger.
Anker has amazing customer service! I had an issue with my unit that I bought during Prime Day, so I contacted Anker. After troubleshooting and providing the requested information they provided me with a replacement. They stand by their amazing product and it really shows. The charger has worked flawlessly since replacement.
Works like a charm, plug and play(charge :)  )
I bought the unit on a daily deal. It worked 3 weeks. Now it goes on and off. It’s very annoying at night to have your phone light up an go off. The unit won’t reliably charge my phone after just 3 weeks. *****Update***** I restarted the unit and now it works great. The company offered me a replacement but I won’t need that. Thanks Anker.
Wonderful purchase
Purchased several Anker products in the past and very satisfied with product. Most recent purchase, Anker Wireless PowerPort 5 Charger, Qi-Certified Ultra-Slim Wireless Charger, had issue with connection and contacted Anker support. Fast & efficient response time as well as answering product questions. Ultimately, Anker support offered product replacement. The replacement has been received and works well with my device. I have several other Anker products that have been very reliable.
The first one of these devices I got came with my Samsung phone as a gift - a Samsung, obviously.  I was less than overwhelmed.  I put it in my travel bag and ordered this one when my phone started having charging port issues.  WOW.  This is so much better than the original.  It is not nearly as finicky about phone placement and the charge time seems to be at least 50% fast, maybe more. I wish I had known about this much sooner!
Our house is divided; I own a superior Samsung Galaxy with an Otterbox case and she owns a late model (7) clunky i-something from a fruity "A" company. These chargers eliminate all of that; one charger will suffice for either Android or fruit phone laid on top of it. We bought one of these chargers and now two months later own 5 total which reduced ugly wires, wall outlet clutter, scrambling for cords, etc.  One on each side of the bed, one in the office and one downstairs and one for each of us at work.  No instructions needed; just plug in a microUSB cable and connect to a wall outlet and this one charger will now charge any wireless compatible phone laid on it. To make a iPhone 7 or Samsung Galaxy S6 wireless-charge compatible - you would only need to be either a Qi Wireless case compatible for your phone if you dont have a case or, if you do have one, then just buy the adapter for it that is thin enough to lay underneath the case.  For the S6, the adapter rests on top of the battery by following the instructions.  For iPhone 7, the adapter plugs into your Lightening adapter then you cover it from there.  All thats needed then is to buy one of these adapters to lay on top of to charge.  Too easy. Avoid biting the apple. :-)
Works as expected.
This is another great product from Anker. I have always like the quality of their products and this doesn’t disappoint. The only thing I’m not too fond of is the top of the charging pad is a rubber material which tends to attract dust and can be a little hard to wipe off.
Was very surprised at how good the quality of this product is for the price. I have had my IPhone X for a while and this is my first wireless charger for it and it works great! If the logo was scratched out I would believed it was an apple product! Great product!
After I change the power port as seller told me its work better and thanks for thier respons
Love it! No more cords. Works great
Works as advertised.  Just plugged the USB into my computer at work, and put my iPhone X on top to charge. Easy as can be, and reliable so far. Would buy again.
The first one they sent me did not work but the customer service was awesome! They sent me a replacement within days and it works great! Very pleased.
I love that it cost a fraction of what I was going to pay for a wireless charger at the phone store! I bought 2 so I could have one for my work office and one for home.  Works great and highly recommend the product!!!
My first wireless charger stopped working after a few short months, however Anker kindly sent me a replacement and its working great.
This is a wonderful charger! Very fast and the LED charging indicator is faint but clearly visible, which makes it perfect for bedside charging as it is not bright enough to keep you awake.  The only issue I have with it is that if you have your phone set to vibrate, a small number of notifications can cause the phone to slide off of the charging area, meaning that you end up having a phone with a smaller charge than you expected. Otherwise though, wonderful!
Very easy to use. You just plug it in and it’s good to go!! It’s great for travel!!
Affordable price.  Not as fast as newer versions but price is fantastic.  Use at nightstand. No issues.
Love this. Works out of the box, exactly as advertised. A few hours after I got this one, I ordered the white one while its on sale. One tip for other magnetic mount lovers. I have two metal plates on my phone, and I positioned them at the top and the bottom of the phone, away from the phones wireless charging area in the center. I tend to keep my phone in landscape while driving, so this works well on my car mount bar. It also holds pretty solid at either the top or the bottom in portrait. Best of all, this pad is small enough so that the metal plates are nowhere near the charging coil. Havent had any problems.
If its not on a flat surface or you don’t have a case it might fall off during the night
Item was shipped quickly, photo matched item.
Works well for the cost!
Disclaimer: You cannot charge any iPhone that is 7 or older. You can get around this by getting an adapter. I personally thought wireless charging pads are awesome. A few seconds might seem insignificant, but saving 5 or so every day does add up! Packaging/Instructions: The package was nicely packaged, with a protective cover over the pad. Wasn’t too hard to remove from packaging. Comes with a micro usb cable for power, and the instructions were mostly pictures and easy to understand. Design: The texture of the pad is smooth. Isn’t heavy at all and no complaints here. Function: It works wonders with android devices and newer iPhone model. The light blinks when I put my iPhone 7, showing that it recognizes metal above it, but unable to charge. Overall: no complaints here. I can’t say much regarding durability until I’ve used it for a few months and see how well it holds up.
This is a dependable charger that works well even through a relatively thick case. Bonus: the one status light is very small, so it doesnt light up the room when youre trying to sleep. I have an iPhone 8+ with a Tech21 Evo Check case, and my previous wireless charging pad was very finicky when it came to placement of the phone; if the phone wasnt lined up just right, the charger would go on and off, and the phone screen would come on and the phone would beep. Not conducive to sleeping. That charger also had several bright, distracting LEDs. The Anker PowerPoint Wireless 5 Pad, on the other hand, is generous with the placement of the phone, even with a protective case on the phone. Additionally, the status light is tiny, discreet, and barely noticeable even in a dark room. This is certainly a good charging pad at an excellent price.
Update: I was contacted directly by the manufacturer to replace the defective product, and it has been 2 weeks since without any issues, thanks to Anker for seeking out to provide excellent customer satisfaction! For the price, I thought this could’ve been a steal, but quite frankly you get what you pay for... not even 1 week later this stopped working overnight with no explanation. We used a different outlet and other micro USBs to troubleshoot. No luck.
Really awesome! Works very well for iPhone X and the price is reasonable
This is the first Anker product that I am not giving 5 stars too.  I do like the typical good speed at which this wireless charger chargers an iPhone 8.  However, I do not love how challenging it is to get the phone placed correctly on the pad for it to charge.  Im sure this is some combination of phone and charger and not just the charger. I love Anker and will always be a supporter of their products.
Bought my second one very shortly after my first. They work very well with my iPhone X even with a proper case on it. Ill be grabbing a few more to spread it around the house
Charges my iPhone 8 Plus just fine with my UAG case on.
Nice and Slim design, it charges very fast with my iphone X. Good product.
Didn’t work with thicker case, but otherwise great product and works perfectly. Definitely worth getting even if just for the novelty of it. I thought it was funny that this is for iPhones, but it’s powered by a micro usb cable which is commonly used by android phones.
When we got our Galaxy S8s we bought the Samsung wireless chargers. We did not realize that it was critical to ensure that the phone was on the charger *just right*, or it would not charge. Too far left or right, and no charge. This seems to be made worse by putting the phone in a cover, as it is common to discover that the bottom of the phone is just a millimeter or so out from the charger, and the added angle prevents the phone from charging. While I have only had this charger less than a week, I can say that, even with an Otterbox Defender on the phone, I have not seen any issues with use. If the phone is on the charging pad, it is charging. (Unless it is fully charged, of course!) I had originally thought that I would use the original charger for travel, but this takes  up enough less room that the slight inconvenience of not having the phone propped up at an easy-to-read angle might be worth it.
Great customer service. Highly satisfied.
Work as expected and truly case-friendly.  My wife is using it for her XS MAX that has a back cover on it.  She simply puts the phone on the charger and it will charge the phone.
It definitely does what it says! Just place it on top and let it charge! Downsides: can’t use your phone while it’s charging like you could with a regular cord and it takes about 4 hours for a 0 to 100 charge. These aren’t personal complaints of mine, just something to be aware of in case it influences whether or not you purchase!
Awesome. Fast charge, no heat, nice design.
There are a zillion choices for wireless charging. I decided on Anker. Its thin, works well and has a low profile on my desk, nightstand and table. When I wake up, its 100% charged. The reason I didnt give it 5-stars, is that it doesnt come with a plug (only the USB cable) and the USB cable it does come with, isnt very long.  Change those two things, and this product would be on top.
Works
We were contacted by Anker shortly after writing the review.  They offered to replace the faulty charger and sent us an updated version.  So far, its working as it should.  We have other Anker products and trust the brand.  We appreciated the quick response and the replacement sent. ====================================== Stopped working after 4.5 months - Bought it July 18, 2018 - today (12/3/18) it finally died.  The last 2 weeks, its been spotty - sometimes charging, sometimes not.  Weve used different usb cables with the same result.  I plugged it into a wall outlet - same result.  We get a blue light, then it blinks, then it goes out.  It does not charge. I trust the Anker brand which is why I bought this.  Im hoping I just got a lemon, but Ill be replacing this with a different brand.
The charger works as it is supposed to. As for how long it will last? Ill have to wait and see.
Charges my XR pretty well. Doesn’t overheat it. Hard to find the sweet spot but not too much of a hassle.
So far, so good. I tend to charge more often since it is so easy.
Buen producto
Works great however make shore that if you have a magnet phone mount you position it very far down. At the end of the day however this is the cheapest way and works pretty well and also carries a three year warranty
for some reason sometimes its not charging my phone... but Im always a huge fan of Anker products.
Charger does exactly what it says. Docking it one star because the cord is so short and it doesnt come with the USB block which is annoying. Id rather just pay $20 for a longer cord and USB block. Will buy my next one from another brand.
Works as advertised. Customer service has been exceptional in response to a concern I had. Good product!
This wireless charger has been a lifeline, since the port to my Samsung S7 has become sensitive to charging via traditional chord. Great Customer Service experience as well. When I originally ordered, it was taking overnight to charge. I didnt complain, since it was so inexpensive, and served its purpose. Apparently after reading my review, the company reached out and offered to send a new charger. It is definitely more powerful, and provides a prompt full charge. The only negative with this model would be that if I continue to use the phone as it charges, my Galaxy S7 will make an alarm sound, with the screen indicating that wireless charging has been suspended because phone got too hot.
Had never used a wireless charger before, thought I’d give it a try. Works great!  Takes just a second to plug a phone it so this is really more of a “luxury” product. Sure is nice just setting it on the night stand for a charge now.
Works great with my iPhone X!
I had this charger for about 5 months and one night it just stopped working. I tried unplugging it and plugging it back in. I tried using a different cord to connect it to the wall outlet but to no avail. When it was working properly, it would charge my iPhone 8+ like the standard charger would. I usually used it to charge my phone overnight while sleeping, but it has charged my phone from 10% to 100% in less than 4 hours. I really liked the sleek look. It did not take up a bunch of space on my nightstand. I chose this particular charger because in my experience, Anker products usually last a while (which is disappointing that this stopped working so early on) and because the blue light that flashes is not bright and obnoxious. This is a handy charger if you want to charge your phone and listen to non-wireless headphones since you need to use the cable jack. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and sent me a replacement. It appears to be working! I just hope that it will not give out after a few months, fingers crossed.
The first time I used it there was damage on the surface. The second time it was worse. It doesnt seem to effect how it works. But I am worried it will damage it in the future. Update. They sent me a new one. It hasnt had the same damaging problem as the first.
Keep looking for other solutions. UPDATE as of 9/2/2018...they are pretty good with following up on reviews. I am getting a new product as the other had some defects. I will update even further once the product is delivered.
I figured that this product would be backwards compatible with older devices. Guess I was wrong. UPDATED AS PROMISED TO ANKER: They sent me another unit with no questions asked. Told me to keep the previous unit. Second unit works as advertised with Note 9 including a UB Pro case on it. Its a basic wireless charger. It doesnt support fast charging, which is just fine for the price I paid for. Great customer service.
Amazing product, customer service is truly amazing, and I couldnt be any happier with it. Thanks Team
Great product love it
First one lasted 3 weeks,  emailed company they sent me another,  works great, slow but I have all night
Anker is a good product and here is another cliché:  amazon is amazing.  For the most part its associates are generally very good, dependable businesses.  Anker is a good example.  I wanted to try a wireless charger and I had heard good things of Anker products.  So I bought one of their inexpensive wireless chargers for my iphone 8 plus (my granddaughter has one also).  It worked perfectly for a while but suddenly every now and then the phone would not charge.  I thought it might be the way I lay the phone down on it etc. but nothing would happen then it would charge later on. No rhyme or reason, I could not trust it.  I emailed Anker for help and advice.  They sent me help and advice.  Once they determined this one had a problem they sent me a new one.  Quickly.  Professionally. Friendly.  The replacement works like a charm for both of our phones and we have popsockets and different cases.  I like this charger very much it works fast and is dependable.  Please note the experience with Anker customer service had my mind at ease the whole time.  Good product good people.  Buy it folks.
I had a small issue and was resolved with one email. That is the way it should....easy. Thank you.
Update2: I am extremely satisfied with the new power wave charging stand I received. For me, it works better than the pad and I could say that it is the perfect charging stand. Anker costumer support has been extremely helpful and communicative to address my complaints! Update: I did not expect someone from Anker to reach out to me telling me how to troubleshoot it, even offering to send a replacement if faulty. It does seem to work better without a case on my phone but I wasnt really satisfied with the area because sometimes, it felt like more of a hassle to place it on the wireless charger than plugging in the cable. Basically, they are now sending me a new charging stand despite there being no problems(i think) with the pad. I am astonished by how good the customer service is and how much they value their customers and Ill definitely look forward to buying more Anker products in the future! Original Review: I have an iPhone 8+ and it’s quite large with the wireless charging only working near the middle so a lot of the times it is quite frustrating getting it to charge. I still love anker though and think it’s a great company.
gave as gift and works well
Best thing since sliced bread
Nice idea, and very simple. It takes a while to charge but I like having it for guests that come over!
Awesome buy
I like it it charges its convenient the only reason it didnt receive5 stars is its not a fast charger Ive only used it 3 times i a galaxy s8 and an lg g7 thinq and it doesnt fast charge
Charges well and recognizes the phone despite being placed bit crooked.  Phone gets a bit warm but overall never failed.
This works pretty well. I like being able to lay my phone flat without worrying about plugging in a cord. It isnt particularly hard to plug in a cord usually (unless it is dark) but this is easier. But it also looks a whole lot better than loose wires hanging out on my dresser. I like the clean look and dark color. It took me a while to find the included USB cable in the box since it is in a hidden compartment that looks like it would be just air space in the packaging. I almost ran to the store to buy a cable before I realized the package was a little too heavy still to be empty. Perhaps some label (text and arrow?) on the box to indicate it needs to be opened up further. Im using mine with a SnapPower charger which outputs the 2+ amps needed for this. Since that is just a face plate it leaves the two plugs open for me to plug in my Apple Watch and iPad chargers which helps organize everything on my dresser instead of scattered around the room.
To say this wireless changing pad is easy is an understatement. The days of fumbling to look for a charger when the lights are off on a room, to getting a message on your phone saying that this accessory isn’t supported are long gone. When you’re ready to recharge just simply place your phone on the charging pad and that’s it. No frills, just drop it down and power up. So far in the 2 month time I’ve used this I can’t report a single issue or problem and have had nothing but a great experience.
Good one to have
It works as advertised
I originally thought this charger stopped working after 3 days, but it turns out it was my Apple USB power adapter that went bad. Since I replaced that, it’s been working great.
This is my first wireless charger. I was concerned about my phones getting too hot but they actually only get slightly warm. Not enough to cause any concern. It keeps my phone charged all day and I’m able to used my headphones too!
If you’re specifically looking for a wireless charger, this is your best bet! I did a ton of research, and this has the fastest, safetest ratings. It will not outcharge a corded plug! But it will outcharge other wireless chargers. There was a couple nights where my phone did not charge because it wasn’t perfectly centered (I did read that review several times).  But I use for an iPhone 8+ and an iPhone X. I think with the 8+ size, it’s just more touchy. Great for everyday use! I prefer it over a corded Charger.
Its Anker.  Its gonna be good.  It was the right price and charges my S9 quickly and without issues.  Cant ask for more than that.
Great for iPhone 8 and X
When I bought the charger I did not like it. it took too long to charge and then no longer charged the battery. after I wrote about the product. I received an email from the company apologizing for the product that came with defect.they sent me a new charger. the new one is working very well. Im very  happy with my purchase.
Thus far it works great. Fast charges iphone x in an Otterbox Defender case. Would prefer a longer cord.
thank you Anker for backing up your product!
Works great with my new Galaxy S9 phone
After less than 2 months of having this it’s all of a sudden stopped working. However, after changing charging plugs it worked again and had help from the Anker support team. Great company and if i have further problems I will definitely reach out
Using this for a Samsung Galaxy S8 and while it doesnt use the Quick Charge technology, there is convenience with this product that makes it useful. I purchased it so I could preserve the charging port, which we all know will fail over time, and so that I could just place my phone down on it when it a hurry to get some quick juice, rather than having to plug it in. The undersize material is close to that of non-slip, but not quite. Still, it will sit on an end table by the front door and you can drop you phone down on it no issue and not have to worry about it falling to the floor. Overall, there are some improvements that can be done to this product, but there are enough advantages and uses for this product that make it worthwhile purchasing.
***Update*** The seller sent a new device to me and it is working well. Thank you for correcting/solving this problem Unfortunately this charging device does not work well. You have to reposition the phone many times to get it to “charge” and sometimes it still doesn’t connect and charge.
Works perfectly. Love just setting down my phone to charge.
Thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread! But to my sadness it worked only for a week. Guess my dad was right you get what you pay for. Revision- Anker customer support quickly got in touch with me was very helpful in helping me with my issue, They kept in touch through the whole process and very quickly sent out a replacement for me. So customer support a *high five and sending out a replacement *double high five. very cool company will be ordering from them again.  Its good to know there is still companies out there that actually care for their customers and Anker is one of them. Thanks support team for your help.
I really like Anker because they stand behind their products!  If there is ever an issue, they are right there!  Awesome
Anker. Still best, hands down! This charger is fantastic and a great help did my iPhone X whose battery is not so great.
As the high speed wireless chargers roll out, this little thing is a great way to get started with wireless charging. My iP8 charges in about 2 hours when starting out at 30%. I love Anker products and this one is no exception in quality and value. I love the convenience of wireless charging. I especially love getting these for my daughter who is very hard on lightning cables!
Another great Anker product.
works as advertised, even through an Arduro hard shell case.
I purchased this charger after I had tried two less expensive ones which both of which did not work for my requirements. I want to charge my Nexus 7 tablet while it was still in its Snugg case. Having to remove the tablet from its case in order to charge it defeats the whole convenience of wireless charging IMHO. This Anker wireless charger works perfectly charging my Nexus 7 tablet while it is still in its case. Ive only had it a week but very happy so far.
Good effective charger. Used in bedroom because it doesn’t have a bright glow.
Works great, keeps my work iPhone charged all day while on conference calls.  Bought a 2nd one for by my bed. Will buy another one when our other cell phones can charge wirelessly.
This is definitely more fun and easier to use than traditional wire chargers and it does seem to be charging my phone at a faster rate. Make sure you don’t use anything over 2A though. The first time i used it, I tried with a wall charger of 2.4A and after a few hours I noticed the back of my phone felt warm, which has never happened before with any of my other chargers. Other than that it seems to be working great, and I like how sleek and modern the design is.
Does not charge your phone fast enough
Great product
I had a faulty product and anker sent me new one with no charge! Very pleased with my purchase!
Works perfectly. I have this on my night stand. Just drop the phone on and I’m fully charged the next day.
This product is light and effective. Just place my Note 9 (with thick protective case) on it on top of my nightstand, and it charges well. Note, it comes with usb plug - I attached that to one of my old wall-outlet-chargers.
I’m very happy with this charger. It works well overnight for my iPhone. And it’s tiny blue light is very unobtrusive. I have a baby that sleeps in a bassinet right next to where this is and I don’t worry that the light will disturb him.
so easy to use never had temp issues at all just plug it in and keep rolling.. amazing product..
I love this it works perfect I order 2 one for me and one for my husband..
I bought this for a cheaper price compared to a bundle deal that these have I got this as a gift for my girlfriend she takes it with to work where when she is always on the go she can easily pick up her phone and put it down with ease for a few minutes of charging at a time
I like it.
The charge seems to decide to stop charging every once in awhile. Kind of a pain to wake up to an even more dead cell phone. But it doesn’t happen enough for me to complain or ask for a return. Just seems glitchy.
Amazing!!!!
Great charger, charges fast and is big enough for new iPhone
Have this on my nightstand and charge my phone over night. So convenient to just set my phone down to charge.
This product will have issues if you use the wrong adapter. My charger had issues multiple times. Customer service was on point with troubleshooting the issue and provided great help.
Best wireless charger for its price, fast, reliable, and sleek!
Nothing
Works great. iPhone X
Works
Use it on a daily basis and works great as all my anker products have.
I think my device may have been defective. It took forever to charge and sometimes wouldn’t charge at all. Thought it might be my outlet but I tried at least three and it always did the same thing. I was bummed it didn’t work UPDATE: anker contacted me and sent me a new one because the other one was defective. Awesome!
Excelente
Great product. Very stealth, especially at night. Doesn’t flash all night like other brands that I own. Would definitely buy this product again.
Its so nice to not have to plug in my cell phone each night- just to be able to lay it down on this charger.  Works great!
This thing works great. I use it for overnight charging of my iPhone 8. Charging speed is just as fast as plugged in. And mine came with a cable, BONUS! The little indicator light is very subtle and not distracting at all when going to bed at night.
Still takes a while to charge quicker to plug in directly.
Great to sit my phone on at night and pick up knowing it’s charged! “My only negative comment is that the surface of the charger is worn and discolored. It did not start this way and I am gentle in placing my phone. Strange and I hope it doesn’t cause the charger to wear out quicker.”  (EDIT) I would like to say that Anker read my review and contacted me immediately regarding this quoted issue, asked for a picture and some info and sent me a brand new one at no cost! That is a company I will continue to do business with!!
Very easy to use
My S9 still charges if i center it even with a metal plate on the back bottom half of the phone that is used with my magnetic holder in my vehicle.
I LOVE this charger....  I use it every day.  I can pick up and use my phone and then put it right back down to charge so much quicker than using a cord.  I like that it is flat, so my phone does not slip down like other chargers.
Bought two! Works great. I love Anker products! They are reliable and affordable electronics.
I was Anker fan before they started going back on warranties. Anyway, I thought to give this a try after trying a cheaper non brand charger. I have spent almost 30 minutes and various angles and positions but this just only works whenever it wants to. Definitely don’t buy this and it’s going back. UPDATE: awesome customer service. Anker determined that I had a defective charger and sent one immediately. I have not used it yet but impressed with customer service.
At the price good to get a few if you charge at different locations
It works.  It charges.
Works great with my iPhone 8.  I would for sure buy it again.
Good stuff. My colleague recommended the brand. Great product. Especially for the price
very good and fast charging
Works great and it just feels premium for a great price.
Love these!  Bought three  - one for the office, two for home (one for my wife and one for me).  Never plugging my phone in again!
So far so good no complaints
Excelente
I love this design. the only problem in this product is lack of fast charging
Works well. I have it on my nightstand and my Samsung S9 Plus charges on it overnight.
Love these, works good.
Great Fathers Day gift, is able to charge successfully, along with compatible with non Qi devices that have an adapter
Great charger. Bought for my wifes iPhone 8 and it works perfectly. Best part is that the LED light is not super bright like my Samsung wireless charger. Its perfect for the bedside nightstand.
This is so perfect. The price was right, I have outlets with USB on them and I just hooked these straight up and it charges its little heart out. No more plugging and unplugging USBs. Blue light is perfect, not bright, but visible.
All products were great to serviceable! I’m definitely a fan of Amazon!!
Very happy with my charger. Works well with my iPhone X.
Update:  Anker contacted me after reading my first poor review, they immediately sent out a new charger and were very helpful. The new device has been working great and I am very appreciative that they were so attentive to correct the situation. Worked great the 1st week, but now seems like it only works 1\2 the time. I leave my phone on it all night only to find it didnt charge at all.
Great quality better than those at apple store ore
my daughter has a new iPhone 8 that can have wireless charging.  this is a wonderful device for her.  thanks
This charging pad works great with iPhone 8, even works with my otter box defender case on! Only reason for 4 stars is the cord connecting the charger to the wall is quite short and this does not come with a plug to connect usb cord to (ended up using the white iPhone one from another charger). But at this price point I guess that’s expected.
Excellent charger, light is not too bright in case you have it on your night table, works as expected cable included, note no usb power pack.
Works perfectly with otterbox defender
Excellent product...own three Anker’s now!
Amazing, faster than most wireless chargers
Works great, charges every time. Just ordered another for another room.
The product performs very well. I have an iPhone X. After three months it quit working. The support was very responsive and they agreed to send me a new product if they could not resolve the issue.  They had me restart my iPhone X and everything worked again. Love the product and support.
Very happy with all my Anker products including this one. Much thinner than the one from Samsung, although, this will NOT Fast Charge a Samsung S8/S8+. With that said though, it still charges pretty fast, and I dont have to worry about precisely placing my phone on the pad to get it to start charging. I also have a pretty thick case on my phone and I havent had any problems charging with the case on. Overall, Im impressed with this charger. (Oh, and keep in mind that it doesnt come with a plug. Just use the one that came with your phone if its a micro USB.
Works as it should, charges an iPhone 8+ “IN” a Griffin Survivor case. Works fairly fast, and is compact, only con is it gets just a little warm. Also the charger is ugly, whole thing looks like a flat of rubber, prints and odd wet marks here and there as one charges with it. Unit just looks ugly in person. Could have chosen better more asteticly pleasing materials.
Works perfectly with 8 and wireless cases for 6 and 7
This wireless charger was $35 cheaper than the cheapest wireless charger at Walmart, and it performs excellently! It charges my iPhone 8 Plus as fast if not faster than a cable does, and not being connected to cords makes it very convenient to have on my desk or nightstand! Would recommend to anyone that has a phone with wireless charging capability.
Works exactly as you’d expect. I like that the indicator LED is very small and doesn’t annoy me while laying in bed. It charged my iPhone XR from 30% to 100% in a little over an hour, which is great for me. Quality is excellent and I recommend the product.
Works great for my Samsung S8 and wifes iPhone
I thought it wouldnt work with my phone since it has a pop up on the back of it. But it works, at a certain placement. It doesnt work with my dads phone which has a flip over cell phone case. Its thicker I guess. Were happy with this so far.
Anker saw my original review below and replaced my charger, it appears it was a faulty device. The new one charges just fine, at 100% every morning. Still needs to be set down in the middle, but no need to fiddle with it to get it to charge. Original Review: Pretty disappointed as this is my first wireless charger. Unless my Pixel 3 is directly centered on the pad it seems like theres a 50/50 chance it wont charge. Ive woken up to a 10% battery several mornings despite the charging indicator light being on. Maybe my charger is just faulty? Ive tried a couple cases and no case, doesnt seem to make a difference.
Works as expected. Slim and low profile. Handy when traveling
Tried a few other brands and woke up to an uncharged phone. This charger hasn’t let me down yet!
At first this charger was great. I could put my phone on it and it charged pretty quickly with no issues. After a couple of months, however, it just stopped charging. I’ve tried using a different outlet and cord Incase those were the issue, but still nothing. I put my phone on it and it pops up that it’s charging, but then it doesn’t actually charge. Edit: Anker reached out to me and replaced the original charger. The new one has work great without any issues. The first one must’ve been a fluke. I have othe anker priducts and have never had issues before, so I’m glad to know that they are still great products!
Works well, always have had good luck with Anker products
If you can get your phone lined up right which only takes me about two seconds it will charge without a problem. For ten dollars, this is totally worth it.
I found out it wasnt this charger that didnt work, but that my iPhone was at fault.  After many attempts by apple to fix, they replaced my phone and it works great on my charger.  I cant believe how good the customer service was sending 2 replacements for it.  I feel bad I didnt realize it was the phone, sorry Anker for the original review... but you have a customer for life.  Thanks for being so great.
I now have three of these. One in the kitchen, living room, and bedroom. The work through the phone cover with my iPhone 8. The only down side to these is it doesn’t come with its own plug in. It’s just a USB end. I have been using my iPhone plugs so I can keep them plugged into outlets.
Works well, no problems.
Works great with my galaxy s9+
Just got it ! So far do good ! Charges through my life proof case with an ID card behind it.
*** 2nd update**  upgraded this transaction to 5 star.  Anker fully backs their products and I will buy them again.  I did get a 2nd charger sent to me within one week.  I wish all Amazon sellers were this great.  Thanks Anker! **update**  Anker reached out to me quickly and have offered to send me a new wireless charger.  I hope this one is not defective!  A+ customer service. Worked great for about 3 weeks.  Now it loses connection in the middle of the night.  Waking ip to a 32% charged phone sucks.
This product was great for the first couple of days , after about a week it took forever to charge my iPhone . Not only that it heats up so bad and so does my phone . I stopped using it after that. I wouldn’t recommend it . It won’t let me rate it anything less than 4 stars
Many people have asked and i can assure you it does charge through the pop socket. I use mine through a slim clear back design case and a pop socket! In the case that you do charge this though a pop socket, make sure you align it carefully, the pop socket sometimes has to be in a certain position on your case/ phone; thus you can then find a certain spot on the wireless charger for it to charge (by centering the phone). The charger in general, charges incredibly. Very fast and just like any cord charger you would use.
Like it!!
I have an iPhone 8 and this was my first  wireless charging product. I figured that it was well worth trying at such a low price point. I have several Anker products and felt it was not a gamble to try it at all. After unboxing, I placed on my night stand and my phone immediately began charging after placing in the platform. I do have a slim case on it as well as small piece of metal used for my car holder magnet. I had to slide the piece of metal to the bottom end of the case and the charger works flawlessly. I have not tested to see how long a full charge takes, but my phone is at 100% in the mornings.
works great
Works good .  Not require removing the case from phone.
Works as described on my LG6, however just because the blue light is on does not mean it is charging your phone.  The phone has to be set on it just right for the phone to charge, however I do have an otter box on my LG6 and a metal plate in the otter box for a magnetic phone holder so that may have something to do with it.  It does work I just have to make sure the phone "dings" when I put it on the charger.
Works well. Love anker products. No complaints and the price was right!
Works well so far with my iPhone 8+. I charge my phone with out a case on (pop socket’s in the way) and if not on a flat surface, the phone slides right off. Both surfaces are very smooth so I understand but it’s frustrating waking up to a phone that hasn’t charged. I’ve ordered a different phone case that has a more rugged back to see if this will stop the issue from the phone sliding off the charger.
Working fine with phone case. But cannot have magnet between phone and charger.
Works as advertised
I originally wrote a less than favorable review. The company saw it and, through email, let me know I was using the wrong wall adapter. They also sent me a new charger. The new one is significantly better. My reason for 4 and not 5 stars is you still have to find the “sweet” spot for charging. Original review: I bought this when my iPhone cord was wearing out. It’s hard to get the phone in right spot so it will charge- which must be done caseless. It seems to take a really long time to get a full charge. Bummer.
I didnt realize it doesnt work with my phone but ankers been great to deal with. The customer service is on point and quick, theyve made everything smooth and easy.
Works wonderfully!
it works fine for now
People come to my office just to use it. Looks good (low key), works great! Going to buy four more!
i love anker charge cables, so when i saw this on a lightning sale i grabbed it with no hesitation. it worked great and then stopped working. anker reached out to me with a replacement as soon as they were aware of the issue, and their customer service has been as spectacular as their charge cables. replacement has been working great with no issues, i have two of these and they are very nice
I have the iPhone 8 so when my normal charger died I felt it was time to give a pad a try. This charger charges super fast. The only negatives are that the pad heats up and I have to take my phone case off every time I have to charge it.
Great charger, it works great with Samsung S8. This is a standard rate QI charger, you need to have your own USB power adapter.
Great purchase.
Stopped working after Three days ! Edited : I have been contacted and my problem was solved and the new one is working very well.
So AWESOME...
*****UPDATE***** Anker reached out to me after my post and sent me another unit within a couple of days.  This unit is up and running and based on past experience with Anker I believe I got a faulty unit first go around.  Not a big deal, it happens.  Thank you for the quick response and caring about your customers. I was excited to try this product as I have other Anker products that work flawlessly.  This charger worked for less than a week then stopped working.  I tried a different socket, I took the case off the phone (it worked with the case previously), I put the case back on the phone, I checked all connections and nothing.  I could not get my phone to charge after the first few days.  I will be, unfortunately, returning this I loved the convenience but it has to work every time.
Really nice, worked straight away with no setup.
I bought two back in January. I had an issue with one, but their customer service quickly replaced it. Great customer service and great product!
Works awesome.
Excellent!! It charges a little slow for my taste so it good to leave it over night.
At first it stopped charging after a week. Then I contacted support and was instructed to connect it with 5V 2A charger to make sure continuous charging. It worked perfectly. Totally satisfied.
Pad does not charge nearly as fast as Samsung brand. 4 hours for full charge - in or out of case for S7. Update- EXCELLENT customer service.  Exchanged for new one that works great!
Good product, it is exactly same in the picture. good shape, working well.
Simple and easy to use.
love how it charger your phone
anker sent me this  to replace the old wireless charging pad,  it works like a charm. top notch customer service. A++++++++++
I have one for work and home and I was hesitant at first of going wireless. Now it feels like such a hassle to plug my phone in. I havent had any problems with charging and even though it is lightweight, it doesnt shift or move easily. Would highly recommend!
So far it works well - just sucks the cord that comes with it is so short
The cord is kind of short. but other than that its good... update: customer service is awesome and sent me a longer cord. I love it
I had an old wireless charger that I did not like, and so I decided to give this one by Anker a try since there stuff has never let me down before. This wireless charging pad was no exception. While my other charger would beep when the device was connected or nudged slightly if the connection could not be completed, the subtle indicator light on the side communicated all this much easier. I could rest easy with it by my bed charging instead of being woken up at 3 AM to it beeping because charging was complete. The wide surface of the pad, about 4 inches in diameter, makes it very easy to put any phone on there without having to search for a tiny sweet spot that smaller chargers have. My wifes iPhone 8 as well as my Galaxy S8 both rested on there in multiple positions and could be charged. The surface isnt slippery so the phone stays put when its on there. It also charges quickly for a wireless charger. The only negative I have about it is that the metal plate inside my phone case that I use for a mount in my car interferes with the charging, but Anker advertises that it would be an issue. I resolved this just by moving it so that the plate is lower on the phone and not covering the area needed for charging. Now I have no problems with it. I will definitely be using this daily to keep my phone charged at night so I dont wear down the USB charging ports like Ive done so many times before.
I love my Anker PowerPort Pad. This is a great way to charge my Samsung accessories. I just leave it on my endtable and I can drop my phone on it to top it off while I am watching TV. All I had to do was plug it into a 2 Amp charger, which I had plenty of, and then lay my phone on it. Works perfectly, even through my two piece hard case. I am really enjoying charging this way!
EVERYTHING Anker makes is incredible!  I tried some other rando brand and it was so plasticky that my phone vibrated right off the charge pad every time I got a text, and the light was so bright it kept me awake glowing like a UFO coming to probe me in my sleep. Should have just gone with Anker in the first place, but I eventually wised up.  This little gem is Ankers trademark soft touch plastic with a rubberized base so it doesnt move and neither does my phone, even when my mother calls three times in a row at 7am on a Saturday morning.  The useful but discrete little charge LED is perfect.  Fast-charges my iPhoneX flawlessly.  Anker has made a fanboy out of me with consistent quality, well-though-out design and engineering, smart materials choices, and a team that seems to actually USE and CARE ABOUT their products.  Anker FTW.
love the easiness of just setting your phone on it. works great
great product and charges fast and steady
Works very well on my Iphone 8 plus with tech 21 cover.
excellent lightning port saver and also an excellent cable saver...using this prevents your lightning port from wearing out prematurely. a must have for us!
Couldnt be happier. Impressed that the thing works without any issues inside a fairly thick custom wooden/plastic case. Charges fairly quickly as well all things considered. Will have to get another one for the house to compliment my work setup.
Works great with my iPhone 8. Charges fast and easy. Good quality. Very pleased with Anker products.
Works great and charges the phone even with a thick protective cover.
Works well with my iPhone X
After I had a problem with the original charger, Anker sent a replacement that was received within only a few days.  The replacement product works perfectly; and Anker stood behind their product.
This works amazing for my iPhone 8. Fully charges. Doesn’t require a plug. Also looks nice  I’m just so happy. 
Great product. Easy to use.
Works like it should, so I bought a second one for my wife.
Works awesome
pretty cool tech.  works great with my iphone x.
Great but not exactly that fast
another good anker product!  strong wireless charger, able to charge through my cell phone case
They should provide a USB connector with it. Works fine.
UPDATE 3/14/18: Anker sent me a new charging pad and I havent had ANY issues with this pad, it fully charges my phone each time without hassle. Thanks to Anker for being so helpful and responding to my original review. Excellent customer service! Original review: I purchased this charging pad for my brand new iPhone X as Ive owned Anker products in the past and always have trusted their quality. Im on the fence with this product though, as in the first week I purchased it, it would only charge my phone up to 60% over night, leaving me with a not fully charged phone in the morning when it was time to leave for work. I thought it might just be a fluke and decided to just keep using it - after about a week of using it, it was finally charging my phone fully. Now, for the last two days, it has again not been fully charging my phone and Ive been waking up to a phone charged to 60%. I havent done anything differently, and Im not sure what the issue is. Id love some feedback from the seller if there might be a way to remedy the pad not fully charging my phone.
Works perfectly with my iPhone X, and it is not fussy about positioning the phone in a precise way.
Great product
This thing is bananas, B A N A N A S !! Don’t buy one, buy THREE.
Excellent wireless charger. Using on my iPhone 8+. Protective case on the phone no problem at all. Minimal to no heat while charging, both on phone and charger.
Great wireless pad, I dont use a case on my phone, so the camera lens really sticks out. The iPhone X is very easy to position on this, because once centered horizontally the bottom lip of the camera lens rests against the circular edge of this charger which pretty much vertically centers it as well!
This is quite a steal at $18. It is compatible with my case without any issues. Mat finish front does protect your phone and is easy on the case as well. Happy with my purchase
I bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend. We were having some issues with the charging pad not charging as fast. Anker  customer service emailed me, and they were able to exchange the current charging pad he had for a new one and included the AC Adapter, which I thought was really nice on their part. Now it only takes about 2 and a half hours to fully charge a phone at 30% battery. Which is so much faster than the previous adapter we used. However, you have to make sure the little blue light comes on letting you know your phone is charging. It took him a couple of tries to realize his phone was not charging, until the blue light comes on. I like that it is wireless because somehow he always seems to tear his cords, so this will prevent that from happening. I added the picture to show the blue light on and off.
This was my first wireless charger ever, not my first Anker product. Nice little package with the pad charger and a 3ft. micro usb cable. As usual product works great, so far no overheating or anything like that. The charging is kind of slow since it only supports 5W charge for the new iPhone but  I knew that beforehand so no complains. Beside, the price and quality you get is just unbeatable.
Works great with my iPhone X. Super convenient on my nightstand, just place my phone on it at night when I go to bed and it is fully charged when I get up.
I was unable to use this charger with my phone. I however must conclude that it does have a very tentative and effective customer support team that was willing and able to rectify the transaction outcome.
I purchased this as a second wireless charger for my iPhone X. It works well, has no issues charging through my case, and does what I need it to do. I can leave my phone charging overnight without fear of it overheating or damaging the phone. However, it is not even remotely a fast charger. My primary charger is a high-speed wireless charger that that works so much faster than this one. I was very impressed with the design of the packaging and polish of the product. It looks and feels well engineered and highend. I’ll definitely give Anker a serious look in the future!!
Works perfectly with my iPhone X, at a fraction of the price I was expecting to pay for a wireless charger. Instructions are simple to understand. The phone does need to be positioned completed on the pad to start charging, which is somewhat of an inconvenience, but it charges quickly with a blue indicator light to let you know when charging begins/ends. No complaints.
Works as advertised. I wish it came with a power brick but I had to use a USB plug at home and it charged my note 8 pretty quickly. It also doesnt overheat which is a plus. Will certainly but again for the iPhone x
Works great with my IPhone X !!!!  Great price too.
Great price compared to the competition. Bought a 2 amp quick charge 2.0 power brick. The top has a soft matte finish that give the phone some grip (not too much) and also won’t damage the glass to your phone if you don’t have a case. I use this with my iPhone X and have had 0 issue. The blue light turns on whenever it is charging and while there isn’t a way to turn it off, it isn’t bright enough to disturb at night when I’m sleeping. This is a great alternative to the first party Samsung or “Apple Store worthy” alternatives.
Its slim and has grip surface on both bottom and top of the product.
I have purchased this charger few days ago and until now it is performing great. Normally charging e every night.
This charger charges my phone great. Love Anker products. After using this charger, I discovered I dont like my phone laying so flat because I cant use it .  So I just ordered Ankers stand up wireless unit. I got this at a great price, it was under deals of the day.
LED just blinking tried 3 chargers two iPad and one iPhone charger result is same. Phone is even out of cover still LED just blinks as soon as you put phone on this Excellent customer support, they send me new product and it works hope it doesnt blink again.
There was a shortage in the Anker blinking light so it would not charge phone My first item did not work seller contacted me to see what the issue was I did not respond and again seller reached out to me the item was replaced with no problem and works well.  I am completely satisfied.  Thanks
Wow wow wow I just got this and I love it how did I live without it? When plugged into a fast charging power adapter it is speedy. Works great. Love it using to charge  my iPhone 8 Plus. Great product great price.
Wirecutter hadnt published its review at the time of purchase, but the author posted in the comments that this model had been certified and also performed on par with their overall pick. Perhaps the best design element is the charging indicator. First, its on the left "side" of the circle, so its easy to see with the phone on the pad. Second, its easy to see but subtle enough it shouldnt keep anyone awake at night if its bedside, a common complaint of other chargers. The texture is really well done. Both sides are roughly the same and have enough grip that it doesnt slide around and the phone doesnt move. The big catch is the lack of a power adapter -- only the cable is included -- but Im using it with a wall outlet with USB plugs. (Again, Wirecutters recommendation, which is fantastic.)
Five stars because it does what it says it will may not be the fanciest but gets the job done. With that said haven’t used other
good dimension and working very good with my iphone X and Samsung S8. quality great Anker power port is not my first product from the brand and always positive opinion.
so far its great. works with my case. led is not too bright.
Works as expected!
Love it works for Note 8!
GREAT charger. impossible to keep clean but works well
So far, I have no complaints. The size is small and compact, it works with both my android and iphone, and seems to quickly charge my phones. Good quality, and the Anker brand is really great in my opinion.
Been using it with my iPhone X since I bought it and its been working great!  Charges my phone fairly quickly.  Would recommend product to others to buy.
Was a gift for someone else they liked it
This is my initial experience with a wireless charger. Works very well. As described at Amazon. Would recommend it to anyone.
Great Product. Charges fast and easy to use. I can take mine anywhere and now I can listen to music/ watch videos while my phone is charging lol I love it.
Another fantastic Anker product at a great price.  I bought two for my desk and my wifes desk at work to keep our phones charged up during the day and I bought two more for around the house I liked them so much.
So far works freat. Anker has never failed me. No overheating issues and the pad size is perfect. Has more "sweet spot" area to place phone than other chargers.
Works great! Case on too!
This charger has a great design but charges the phone at an extremely slow rate. Ive tried 2 different quick charge ac adapters without better results (Anker quickcharge 3 and Samsung fast charger). Very dissatisfied with this product. anger contacted me after and replaced my wireless charger with the stand version. I have not noted any issues. I appreciated the prompt customer server and replacement of the device
This was the absolute worst product I bought from Anker. I usually buy a lot of their products and I was extremely disappointed with this wireless charger. It just simply would take FOREVER to charge, I would even remove the case and there was absolutely no difference. I had returned my Mophie from Apple thinking this was a great buy but once I saw there was NO AC ADAPTER, I knew something was fishy. After testing it for about a week I have to say I am just returning this thing. I bought a cooling upright one instead and purchased an Anker 3.0 AC adapter along with it. It seems if you are not careful selecting the right wireless pad you can get screwed over with no AC adapter and it will not fast charge if it is not compatible with your device. It seems fast charge only work with Samsung well but with the iPhone, you receive standard charging. So do your homework right and make sure your device is compatible with Fast Charging and if it includes an AC Adapter. UPDATE 12/20 Anker has personally reached out to me to help me with the disappointment I was having. They definitely provide an EXCELLENT customer service which is why I always purchase their products. They seem to really care about the customers experience with their products and are quick to make you happy by resolving whatever issue you may be having. Due to these circumstances, I have updated my review to show that they are in full support of whichever device you buy from them. They also helped me understand that the iPhone X does not have the capability to fast charge b/c Apple has a special patent on it that prevents other resellers to use for the time being. So if you want fast charging, for now, stick to the Belkin and Mophie pads that Apple sells in-store or online. Anker did a great job breaking down to me on explaining that and their response rate has been tremendously great! They are providing another wireless pad for me to try out along with the AC Adapter. I would definitely always choose Anker when it comes to reliability on products and customer support.
Solid wireless chargers at a very reasonable price.
I own many wireless chargers but this one is by far one of the best ones for the price. Bought for use with iPhone X ... I own several cases with varying thickness and this charges without issues..
Good product — using with iPhone 8+ in Apple case
I love it!
Excellent product.
works with otter box case on - its handy and a great price
Great Product! comes with everything you need. i use it with my iphone 8 plus i was hesitant at first but for the money it works amazing. doesnt get phone hot and charges at decent speed its lightweight and looks great too! cant beat it
Exactly what we expected!
I got this last week for my iPhone X. It does very well and charges very quickly.
Love the convenience of these charging pads!!  Do wish it came with a longer cord!
We are very happy with this product. It is very easy to use, fast and convenient too. Truly satisfied. Would readily recommend it to anyone who doesn’t want to have long cords all over the place.
I have a lot of Anker products and have yet to be disapointed. They make quality stuff that works, it’s that simple. Even the cords are nice. Keep it up Anker!
Finally found usb Cable in small box, works great
I recently purchased an Apple iPhone X, and needed to get a wireless charger.  I ordered a different charger, and was very disappointed in it’s performance.  It kept losing connection to the phone, and would not charge.  I returned that one, and ordered the Anker, and have been very pleased with it’s performance.  It instantly begins charging, and has no problems charging through my Otterbox case.  Great purchase at a good price.
This pad has converted me to wireless charging; I was a bit skeptical but this is another great product from Anker.
works fine on my iphonex  with reasonable prices .
Anker support followed up with me and helped me get a new charging station. We have been using it and it works a lot better. One thing to note that you need to use 2v A/C adapter. There is no where I could find this info in the description of the product, but was pointed out by their CSR.
Easy to setup and it’s lightweight. It doesn’t take up a lot of space!
Excellent super fast delivery.  Great price, great quality products. 
Great product, nice packaging, feels very well built/great quality. Works perfectly with iPhone X with a skin and Spigen case.
I recently purchased an iPhone X and an OtterBox Defender case to protect it. Because the case has a protector for the lightning port and the size of the case also results in the port being recessed a bit, I found using my dock for overnight charging to be a bit cumbersome. I started to investigate wireless charging and, of course, after a short time my head was spinning. Many wireless charging accessory manufacturers provide caveats about using their devices with thick cases (or any cases, in some instances). In addition, the price range for these devices varies considerably. Finally, the brands vary, from quite well-known to “who are they?” so I was hesitant to pull the trigger on an investment in something that might or might not work. Ultimately, I found this Anker charging pad and, based on reviews and other information, it appeared that it would successfully work with my phone and case. I was also familiar with Anker’s products, having purchased a great little Anker Bluetooth speaker a few months ago. The charging pad arrived today and it has exceeded my expectations. I plugged it in and set my phone on it and it immediately started to charge. No futzing with placement, no problem with the case, just immediate responsiveness. Nearly an ideal size, feels solid. The cable is a bit short - probably about 3 feet. That’s not an issue for me since I have it on my nightstand but it could be an issue for others. This was an excellent investment. I’ll probably get another one to put next to my easy chair. Highly recommended.
Typical Anker product.  Extremely high quality at an affordable price. When I ordered my iPhone X, I immediately looked to Anker for wireless chargers.  Unfortunately, this one and their other model were not available, so I reluctantly ordered a RavPower and two Samsung Qi chargers.  Those get the job done, but they cost twice as much.  Also, the light on the Samsung is obnoxious and not suitable for the bedroom.  The indicator light on the Anker PowerPort is very subtle.  My favorite feature of the Anker PowerPort (other than its ability to charge wirelessly) is how thin it is.  The Samsung charger is at least three times as thick.  The PowerPort is very sleek compared to the others. My only complaint is that this charger was not available when I ordered the others.  I feel like I wasted money on those, as I could have had six Anker PowerPorts for the price of the other three.
Just received it yesterday, nice packing and you will feel how good quality is it once you open it, need some time to check the performance, I am using a light case as you see in the pictures and it can be charge with this case without any problems. .... UPDATES .... To those who wonder about the charging speed.. iPhone X with a light case (from 1% to 100) this wireless charger take almost 4 hours to full charge
At least as good as my Samsung!  I use the charger with my Note 5 and it works great!  I have a thick Defender case from a competitor and it recognizes the phone first time, every time!  While some may like the surrounding blue light of the Samsung model, the Anker version has a single, simple LED to show that the phone is charging.  I like the single LED as it doesnt catch my attention should I wake in the middle of the night.  The speed of the charge seems to be fast enough though most of the time I leave it on overnight.  My only negative is that it doesnt come with the AC adapter, the only major difference (besides price) to the Samsung.  Fortunately, I have a number of spares but be aware if/when you order. After being contacted by Ankers CS, Ive revised my rating to five stars as product support is required in order to ensure customers are not just satisfied but happy.
anker sent me is little guy and i have to say its perfect for night time charging. Its sleek and light weight. charged my Samsung from 80% to 100% in 30 min wireless charging is not the fastest but with the anker pad i know its charging as fast and safely as possible for the battery in my phone. i would recommend this to anyone who is looking to replace there old charging pad
Perfect compliment for my iPhoneX, have it on my nightstand for easy charging.
The new Anker power port wireless charging pad is sleek and has a huge surface area, and support fast wireless charging~ I think the purchase was definitely worth it.
beauty and simple
This is great for a bedside given the led is the dimmest out of all wireless chargers I’ve tried. It does not bother me. The only downside is the charging is a bit slow because it is only 5watts. i originally didn’t know this and thought it was quick charge capable but Anker contacted me and helped me find another product that would suit my quick charging needs.
Sleek, subtle, thin, and functional - everything you could ask for in a wireless charger. Works perfectly with the iPhone 8+. Do wish it came with an AC adapter and slightly longer cable though!
very nice!  super thin, excellent performance, very subtle single operational led light.
This is a great wireless charger. The pad is large enough that you dont have to be precise about centering your phone on it but small enough that it doesnt take up too much space. I use a silicone case with a metal plate between the case and the phone for a magnetic car mount and it still works fine with the plate positioned at the bottom of the case. I had to return the first one I bought, from another seller, because it wouldnt work with the metal plate inside the case.
Great charger, but does take a long time to charge.
Bought this for my son in law.  He bought 2 more!  Said it is essential!
Love it! Works great!
Anker sent me this as a replacement for the Wireless PowerPort (A2511) which would not work with my Otterbox Defender on my Galaxy S7. This pad immediately connected to the phone through the heavy case and is much less picky about how the phone is placed on the puck. I will update this as I use the charger and get to know it better.
Works great just as well as the ones that are 4 times as much would highly recommend
When not charging a phone, I leave the charger connected to the outlet and it start with a sound of “beep”, it is like a cycling “beep” ****////Update/////****** After this review. Anker contacted me and sent me a new charge with no cost. after weeks of testing. The charger is working fine. I am moving the rating from 1 to 5 stars
After I ordered the charger, I put a pop socket right on the center back of my IPHONE 8+. I was scared because most wireless chargers require you to take your case off. However I put my phone on the charger, pop socket and all,  and WHAM the little lightning symbol comes on. I shed a few tears of joy. Well done Anker, you are a champion among peasants.
Honestly I didnt know what to expect. I wanted a charging pad that was effective, but I did not want a bright light in case I had to charge my phone (iPhone 8+) overnight.  This charger does have a light, but it is off when not charging, and the light that comes on is truly so minimal that it does not bother me one bit.  I have not yet experienced any overheating yet either. In light of my experience, I could not be happier with this charger, considering other competitors, like Mophie, are charging upwards of $60 for the same thing.
Update: the company Anker did reship me a new product. It works perfectly. Highly recommended and great company I own the belkin charged which I use at my house. I ordered this for my office. Used it the first time today and thought it was fairly mediocre for the price. Phone has to be directly in the center to get any charge. The outside has a layer in which is made of a rubbery plastic so it’s easily scratched. It does not come with a wall charger while the belkin and Samsung charging pads do. Groupon has the Samsung charging pad on sale right now for $24...I’d suggest that over this brand/product. I’m able to use it but over all not too impressed
Great
Charges quickly
Used it with my cell phone cover on and I must say it does charge quickly and I am very happy with this purchase.
Excellent product and great service. Handled my defective product return with ease.
No plugging in is great. Used to charge my phone at night. Phone doesnt even get too hot. Charges a bit slow but that is known.
Love it. Ordered one for my office for the convenience factor, ended up buying another one for my house. Highly recommend.
Charger worked great!
This is my first wireless charging pad so I have no basis for comparison. It has worked flawlessly up to this point charging my iPhone X. No issues
UPDATE:  Originally I gave this 1 star, but I am changing it to 4 stars. After I returned this charger for a full refund, the seller contacted me and sent me a replacement, free of charge. They asked me what I was plugging it into and I advised I was plugging it into the charger that came with my iphone. They advised that I should use the one that came with my iPad as that had more amps and would work better. When they sent me the new one, I used the one for my iPad and I have not had any problems at all. I no longer have to find the exact right place to put my phone on the charger. As long as my phone is somewhat close to the middle, it will charge. I have had this new charger for about 2 weeks now, and so far so good!  I guess I just needed to use the iPad charger with more amps, and that seemed to do the trick as to the charger not being so picky. As to the fact that the charger just stopped working after 4 days, maybe I just got a defective one. Either way, they replaced it for me, after reaching out to me. No hassles, I already received a refund, so I basically got it for free. This charger worked for 4 nights, and then on the 5th night it charged my phone to 82% then stopped working. No matter what i did and where I moved my phone, it would not charge it. I even took my case off to see if that mattered. Nothing. I checked to make sure all of the cords were plugged in tight to make sure it wasnt an error on my end (it wasnt). So, not sure if I got a defective one or what. Returning it, obviously.
Works great with my iPhone X! Charges at a decent speed, depending on the power supply.  I have mine connected directly to my PCs USB port and it charges about as fast as with a standard Apple power brick. I have a case and PopSocket on my phone and I can confirm that it works just fine with the iPhone X! See video below. But it didnt work with my Galaxy S7 (same setup. Case + PopSocket).  So I guess it depends on the phone.  Im not sure if the newer models of the Galaxy Series have better charging capabilities or not.  I dont own one, so I cant tell you for sure. Overall, it is a good product.  Very slim and doesnt take up a whole lot of space.  Would maybe purchase a 10w if it charges a bit faster than the 5w.
Great product easy to use.  Woth the money
works great with my Galaxy s7.  I only have had one night where It failed to charge as I misaligned the phone on the pad.  Charges through my case fine.
This PowerPort really is pretty simple to use and operate even before reading the documentation. If something isnt working, read the documentation. From what I can see and have personally tested with mine; there a very few things that can affect the charging of a device. 1) the device isnt compatible 2) the device has a case or attachment impeding proper connectivity 3) the power adaptor the end user has chosen has an output lower than what is recommended for the PowerPort 4) the PowerPort is defective Luckily for me, the PowerPort Im using isnt defective. I tested and experimented with mine and found the best options that work for me. I have a metal finger loop on my case and the instructions warn that its not recommended since it may not charge, but I have found a way to lay the phone down on the PowerPort and it charges just fine. Any other issues I had during testing were user error (like; not being plugged in all the way, using an adaptor with low amps output, trying an old iPhone 6s, etc...)
I have purchased other items from Anker and they are always top quality and their customer service is the best in the industry.  This product works flawlessly.  Easy to set up and easy to use.
Its grippy, and the light is really dim, great for the beside table.
Works super well with my iPhone8+, no complaints, good price.
As usually, Anker makes me happy. Really good quality. Thank you again.
Works great.  iPhone X charges pretty fast.
This is a great charger for my iPhone 8 Plus and my Mophie case
i dont know why i didnt get this sooner!!! love this!!
Another great Anker product. Everything we have bought for them is quality, functional, and affordable. You can’t go wrong with anker. I can’t wait to see what they come out with next.
Charges my iPhone 8 with an otter box commuter case on. It does take a bit more time to charge my phone than using the cable but it’s so worth the convienience. This company also has outstanding cutomer service. When I got the first one I got didn’t work they kept in communication with me, sent a new one, and followed up to make sure everything worked okay.
Love ANKER brand and it works very well to my iPhone 8.
I purchased both the Wireless 5 Stand and the Wireless 5 Pad for my iPhoneX.  My iPhoneX has an Otterbox Defender case around it.  When I tried both chargers, my iPhoneX was not charging properly.  It should it as charging for second, then lose connection, then show it as charging again while losing battery life in the process. I removed the Otterbox Defender case and my iPhoneX was charging without issues. I contacted Anker support since both Wireless chargers I bought were causing the same issue.  They suggested I not use the wall adapter that came with my iPhone.  Found a wall adapter not from Apple and both wireless chargers worked when my phone was enclosed in the Otterbox Defender. So if you have an iPhoneX with an Otterbox Defender case, dont use the wall adapter that comes with the phone.
Love these as a main charging source on night table.  Soooo much easier than dealing with cords.  Using with iPhone X and they work great!
About two months into using this my unit stopped working correctly. About a day after changing my review I received an email from a customer service agent at anker offering me a replacement. This is an example of top notch customer service. I’ve had enough experience with anker products to know that they don’t normally have issues and I fully expect the replacement to work perfectly. Thanks to Anker!
Worked as advertised right out of the box.  Nice and slim, not obnoxious.
works with LG phone and Galaxy phones with no issues.
Convenient- charge right by my bed
Works great and good price. Works well with my iPhone X. I keep it at my desk at work to top off my phone.
works perfect
Love this charger! Writing review after 1 month and no issues
Works perfectly, awesome convenience for both my X and my husbands 8 Plus
oh so nice to have.  very convenient.
Works great when my case is off but will not work with my wallet case on it. My case is just too thick.
Bought these for the in laws as a Christmas gift and they love being able to drop their Galaxy S8 on it to charge rather than plug it in. I told them Anker is all I buy now for my phone. A lot cheaper than what Samsung wants for their charger.
Bought this for use with the iPhone X.  Charges well and does not take up much space on the nightstand.  The blue light is not annoying or distracting and the charger is easy to use.  I had a charging pad by a different company that was picky about how the phone sat on it in order to charge.  I had to keep removing and replacing it before it started to charge.  Not this one by Anker.  It charges the first time, almost every time. I do not take this when I travel but it is small enough to pack and bring along with you.  I only wish Anker would make one that connects with a lightning cable instead of a micro USB.  Only one other company other than Apple makes one so I am sure it will be coming soon.
Great price and works perfectly. Even through a 2 layer leather cover!
Very good product, was  satisfied with it
It works as advertised for charging my iPhone 8.
This is a great addition to my nightstand
as advertised
I have a spigen ultra hybrid case, charged from 15%-100% overnight.
I love anker products, I have a few powercore battery packs, usb cables, and their multi port wall chargers. This wireless charger is great. I keep it on my nightstand to charge my iPhone X. I put the phone down before I go to sleep and it’s at 100% when I get up in the morning. The phone doesn’t get hot nor does the charger and the blue led is a great way to see that the phone is charging without having to turn on the screen and is just bright enough to be visible, but not so bright that it keeps you up at night. The charger has a soft touch finish and looks very sleek. I think it would blend in with almost any bedroom or office/ desk.
Works fine. Charges iPhone thru the case. I wish they had included a USB cable. I had to find one that fit.
I bought this for a Samsung Galaxy 8 and it works perfectly. Very pleased.
So I purchased a couple iphones and along with them a Belkin charger from Apple.  Looking around for another, tried this one.  It is much smaller, has a light.  No power adapter, but one came with the phone.  Phone lights up to let you know it is charging as well.  Black color blends in well.  Two weeks later bought a second one.. Very pleased with performance and price.
Works great with my iPhone X.
This is the best charger and works awesome with my iphone 8 plus.. Have a thick case and I Dont have to remove it, which makes this case worth more.. Buying another for my son.
Did some research and this was the best priced wireless charger from a trusted reliable brand. I also have an anker battery pack which has performed flawless. I bough the first one for 18 and have since bought another for 22. Great product great value!
Works just as good as anyother Anker product. Great! Slim, and clean design. Will buy more.
I have had this for a week. It sits on my night stand and works perfectly. The light in not noticeable when I sleep and positioning it correctly has been no issue. Glad to not have spent twice as much on options from the Apple Store. My iPhoneX is completely charged every morning.
Works awesome with the new iPhones would definitely recommend!
I purchased toe of them.  My expectations were more than met for my iPhone X.
Getting this to connect and charge my phone is spotty from time to time. I have to unplug and plug it to work sometimes. *update* The buyer gave me replacement for the original product I purchased because of the spotty charging. The replacement works much better. I appreciate the customer service of the company to ensure quality product and services to customers.
This does exactly what its supposed to; simple, painless.  I love Ankers products in general: they put that little extra effort into manufacturing quality that makes all the difference: we have half a dozen Anker cables and theyve never given us problems.  Even the packaging reflects that commitment to quality, as does the documentation. This charging pad has one tiny blue LED that illuminates for three seconds when first connected to power.  Thats a very nice touch as it lets you know its working! The LED lights again when you set your phone on the pad, and then stays on; the lights tiny enough that it wont disturb your sleep, but if so inclined you can just rotate the phone to cover the light.  The charging rate is fine, the phone and pad stay cool and by morning youre at 100% without trouble. Dont fuss with any of the chargers that have fancy light rings or anything else: this is all you need, and its definitely from a company you can trust. Nice job, Anker!
Flawless with iPhone X.  What more needs to be said?  Easy to align.  Great value for the price.
Judy plug in and place your phone on it, it’s that easy! Such a great product, highly recommended!! Works even with the thick Lifeproof case I have on my phone.
Overall, this wireless charging mat does what is advertised.  I bought this to use on my nightstand for charging my iPhone X overnight.  You just place the phone on the mat and it charges.  It has an LED light indicator to let you know that the charge has initiated which is nice.  I am able to charge my iPhone with a case still on it and I think the "range" of the charge is decent.  I notice that the device already gets recognized for charging about an inch above the mat, meaning itll start charging before I am done placing it on the mat itself.  Thus far, it has charged my iPhone to 100% and kept it there without any issues.  In terms of charging speeds, I would say its on par with the normal 5W adapter that comes with an iPhone charger (i.e. its not as fast as an iPad charger).  Ive also noticed that my phone doesnt become warm or hot as Ive heard with other adapters.  Im not sure if its because I charge it with a case, but just wanted to note that I havent it seen it make my phone warm/hot. There are just two minor things about it that I didnt particularly like and thus the reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  First is that there is no included wall adapter where the USB plugs in for charging so you will have to supply that on your own.  Hopefully you have extra laying around the house which I do.  This could be a positive or a negative depending on how you look at it.  Positive because youre not adding to the extra waste since many of us have a lot of old ones laying around.  Negative because if you dont have an extra, you have to get one yourself.  My other minor gripe is that the included USB cord is short (maybe 3 feet).  I had to get a longer USB extender device in order to give it enough length to sit on my nightstand where I needed it to be.  If the the manufacturer provided a longer USB cable (perhaps 6 feet), I think it would be more helpful.  Other than those two issues, I think its a solid device.
Charges my Note 8 perfectly thru an otterbox case. Is only as fast as the charger it is hooked to. It is micro usb so if you have a ctype or lightning cable you can get adapters with out having to buy an entire cable.
Compact in size and works well.
Using for my iPhone 8 and otter box defender case charges perfectly through the case
Great charger
Works well!
Works perfectly with the iPhone X. Make sure you use a charger with at least a 2A (10W) USB port. The power brick included with the iPhone is only 1A (5W) and will not work. I am using a 2-port Anker wall charger and it is fantastic, no issues! I charge overnight, so speed doesnt matter to me personally. If it does matter to you, you might want to find a 7.5W charging pad instead of a 5W charging pad.
I liked it
When it worked, it charged fine. But that only lasted a few days. [Edit: 2018-04-08] AnkerDirect refunded my money and sent out a new unit at no cost. Its been working well for a couple weeks now.
Wireless charging is dope. These work perfectly, like every Anker product ever.
Works great. Small & convenient. Comes with charger. Very happy with this
Wireless chargers, in general, seem to get mixed reviews, especially when being used with iPhones 8, 8+, and X.  The most typical issues were  that the phones did not charge through a case, or that the phone must be precisely placed on the pad in order to charge.  Having read those mixed reviews I was reluctant to purchase any charging pad.  Why did I choose the Anker Power Port?  My previous experiences with Anker products has been very good, and Amazon reviews of the PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad have been positive as well.  Those facts, in conjunction with a very reasonable price convinced me to take a chance. Ive had my charging pad for just a few hours; so far it seems to have been an excellent choice.  I use it with aniPhone X in Apples leather case.  I set my phone on the pad, paying no attention to position and it began to charge!  So much for my reservations!  At this point I can not testify to the speed of charging, but that doesnt matter; Ill use the charger overnight, speed is not a particular issue for me.
Bought this to take advantage of the wireless charging on my iPhone 8+ which I have an Otterbox Defender case on.  Works great with that, set my phone on it and it charges it right up.  Note, this unit does NOT come with an AC adapter, I plugged the included cord into the usb charger that came with the iPhone 8+.  Also, as a side note, I had an old Nokia 900 Windows phone laying around that I never bothered to buy a wireless charger for and this worked with that as well
great charger but make sure as a iphone 8 plus user i have to make sure i put the phone on the charger a certain way. I trust anker with all their products
Greay
I quite literally just opened up the package, and I love it already. I have a case on my iPhone X (pretty slim but still protective) and also a Popsocket. I plugged in the charger and put my phone on top of it (case, popsocket and all!!!) and it works!
Works well and changes my I Phone faster than my other chargers, however, it and the cord become pretty hot during charging making me reluctant to leave it charging unattended.  No problems so far but does kind of scare me by how hot it gets Ok, after a little more time, I found an issue was with the plug on my house.  I now use this charger every day and have done so for a few moths without any issues! It is now 5 months old and again having connection issues.  When plugged in the light comes on and the phone begins to change.  In the am my phone is not fully charged (79-85%) and the light is not on and only seems to work intermittently.  Have not used it in a few months due to this issue.  When it connect its great, but get unreliable operation leaving my phone only partially charged in am. The Company sent me a replacement and it is now working well.  No issues with replacement and changed my rating To 4 stars
Awesome!
I like how this charges my phone quickly and easily.  It’s also a no-brainer to ensure that your phone is being charged and you don’t have to necessarily put it exactly in the correct position.
I love it. I keep it on the counter & lay the phone on & that’s it. Charges fast, so convenient! The only downside is I have to remove my case because it has a ring on it. Not a real problem.
This pad works way better than I anticipated.  I think I am going to buy multiple ones for all over the house.
The company sent me this to replace the one I previously purchased.  ( they did it without me asking which is amazing).  It works quickly and easily.  I love it!
great value
I received this product **for free** because the model I initially ordered (Anker Wireless Charger Charging Pad) broke after one full charge and they were unable to replace it, so they sent me the upgraded model at no charge to me. This one works. I like it. Ankers customer service was courteous and accommodating.
Excelent product, small, beauty, charging rates are very good.
***UPDATE**** After my review they sent me a new one because the product that they originally sent was defective. This one works MUCH better and actually charges my phone quickly. HORRIBLE. I have an i phone x and even without my phone case on the charging speed is like a snail. I put it on the charger overnight 6 hours, and it wasn’t even fully charged when I woke up. Also you have to put your phone PERFECTLY on it for it to work.
The charger works smoothly but sadly you need to position your phone in an exact position in order to start the charge. Can’t complaint more than this because this is the best if you’re in a smaller budget
Charges fast! And works great definitely 5 stars
Works well enough.  WE have had a few moments where it wasnt charging the phone but its not a constant issue.
Works great for iPhone  X with a leather case
Very simple to use...plug n play, and works perfect with iPhone 8 and ESR iPhone 8 Clear Soft TPU Cover (also purchased on Amazon). Incredible technology for around $20 bucks!
Arrived quickly. As described.  Great buy.
It charges my i-phone quickly. A small blue light indicates when it is charging. It charges through phone cases. It does not indicate when charging is complete.
You get what you pay for. It works flawless and for the price it’s makes it even better.
A great charger!
The iPhone X battery life was a lot worse than I expected. It would barely last me through a full day and was such a pain plugging the phone in and unplugging it every so often to use it. With this charger I just place it on the pad when I get back to my dorm and pick it up whenever I need to use it. Works as intended. No problems. Solved my problem of always having low power. The other day my friend complained about his Xs poor battery and I immediately recommended this to him. Would recommend to anyone.
Really great product. Works well to charge my iPhone X. I had an issue with it at first but Anker support was incredible and they shipped me a new one. Amazing customer service,.
Love Anker products.. own the power banks and now this. Although, this power port attracts prints/ oil residue like crazy. After I set my phone down and pick it back up, I can see the oil from my fingers transferred onto it. Also, not sure why it doesn’t come with an AC adapter... I was fully aware it didn’t, and just used an extra android cable and iPhone plug and works great, but I still think consumers will pay the extra 5 bucks for adapters.
Great product. It is much more wide and flat than another model I have tried. My iPhone 8+ rests on it perfectly, with or without the cover. I havent evaluated charge speed, I normally just leave mine resting on it overnight. I dont notice the charge speed being any faster or slower than a traditional iPhone cord. Would recommend this to anyone who is interested in a wireless charger.
No issues at all this thing works great - have 2 of them so far! No overheating issues even with a metal plate for a magnetic holder in my case.
One of my favorite features of my new iphone 8 is the wireless charging.  I get a kick every night out of dropping my phone onto this charger.  It works great!
Great price and works as advertised.  Just wish the included cable was a tad longer... but the charge pad seems very solid and well made
I love this charger so much. Instead of plugging in and unplugging, you just pop my phone on top of the pad and once you feel the gentle vibration that lets you know it’s charging, You can go about your business! Charges quickly too!
Wireless capablity to charge my i- phone
Very good thank you
I have only had it for a week but it is exactly what I hoped it would be. It’s small so it doesn’t take up a ton of room on my desk. It has a non slip surface which I really like. Only twice have I set my phone on the pad and it not been on right for a charge. The little blue light is helpful for telling you if it isn’t charging. Both times it was just a small adjustment charging continued. It isn’t a lightening fast charge but it charges at an adequate rate, especially since it’s charging whenever I am at my desk and not using my phone. I highly recommend. Even convinced my cousin to get one.
Works as expected, packaging was great and easy to open as well. You can get set up with wireless charging in 30 seconds. Great value for the price!
this item has been in commission for only 4 days. seems to work just as it is designed to.
Very happy with the PowerPort 5 Wireless. Tested against other chargers that output 5W of power via the Qi standard and performs as advertised. It is also Qi certified, so it meets the criteria that some other chargers dont to ensure safety, heat emission, etc. Will absolutely buy another Anker product soon!
Using this with my iPhone X was simply a matter of plugging the USB end into my iPhone charger and laying my phone on the charging disk. It makes charging my phone a casual endeavor.
Works great on my new Apple 8!
Got these to put on nightstands, these have a great design and arent too visible from far away. Instead of struggling to find the end of the cord, I simply put my phone down and night to charge.
Works well with the iphone X.  Plus it’s a reasonable buy for a wireless charging pad.
It is our best battery charger. Not too bulky. Can easily charge the iPhone at least five times
It’s a good charger.  I wish it was able to charge my Apple Watch.  Also, I would want the second generation model to have more weight and some sort of anti-slip in the bottom.
I love this wireless charger. I had an otter box defender and a life proof case, the charger works with no problems! It gets a little warm but nothing too concerning. I actually bought another one to keep at my job. It’s a great charger.
We not had it for a few days but so far it works as advertised. Most important is that it does not have a “nightlight”. I charge next to my bed and other brands have a light that kept me awake.
So easy to use- charges through case
Great! Charges my iPhone 8 through my Otterbox Commuter Series case. Super easy to set up and it looks cool. I wish the cord was a little bit longer though.
Works great and as expected!
Brand: I chose this brand over others because I’ve had good experiences with anker before. Worth it. Phone: I have a new iPhone 8. Case: I use a clear plastic Mosnovo case. No issues there. It charges perfectly. Charging speed: not super fast but not slow either. I haven’t timed it yet but it’s still pretty convenient. Temperature: Another reason I chose Anker. Overheating protection was really important to me: I have an Anker portable charger that I’ve used and it never gets hot. Neither does this wireless charger. Overnight charging: I often leave it charging overnight, no issues. When I wake up it’s still relatively cool to the touch. Really great. Packaging: Super impressive. I’m a graphic designer, and I mean, I was really impressed with the design. Instructions are super simple. USB: Comes with a cord to plug the charger into a USB port, pay attention to the voltage. I plugged it into my alarm clock and it works great. Overall: I love it! Use it everyday. It’s very convenient. Highly recommend!! Worth it!
Works very well for my iPhone X
Easy to use and convenient. Works great.
Works perfectly for my iPhone X.  Just make sure to use correct power source, small charging block (1amp) that comes with phone is not strong enough to charge phone quickly.  Will need iPad size block (2amp or greater).  I purchased the Anker PowerPort along with it and it works perfectly.
Small , compact and does what it promises
I bought this to use with my iPhone 8. It worked well for exactly 32 days, charging the phone quickly and wirelessly even with a case on the phone. Now the light blinks blue while the phone is on the charger, indicating that the charger no longer works. Of course this happened several days outside of the return window, so I’m stuck with a functionless paperweight. I would wait until Apple or another more reputable company puts out a charger. This thing feels chintzy and has proven to be unreliable. UPDATE: they sent a new one free of charge after I posted my review. This doesnt make it a five star product, but it does show that the customer support over at Anker is willing to make it right, which should definitely boost confidence in purchasing this product.
This works well. I had to move my pop socket down a little, but I don’t have to remove it or my case to charge. It’s perfect as my night table charger so if I grab my phone to check the time or shut off my alarm I don’t yank a cord out. Charges fast.
I received this product used and posted photos and a poor review, Anker reached out to me asking for another chance and disclosed that amazon is the sole packager/shipper and an opened and used product should not have been delivered. After receiving the new product I am very satisfied. The wireless charger was clean and sealed in plastic, the packaging was nice, clean, and athesticallly pleasing. After using the device I am very pleased. It works great with my iPhone X. It charges a little slower than a regular apple issued cord but it works amazingly and conviently. I will be purchasing another one to have at the office. Thank you Anker for reaching out and proving me wrong.
Works great and sure is better than plugging it in every time.
Love the design. Simple and fits seamlessly with my other desk items.
I researched this purchase thoroughly, and am very glad I chose this wireless charger, it works perfectly. I have an iPhone X, with an Otterbox case, it charged with the case on. I like the fact that the charger is small, and it doesnt have any bright lights that are a nuisance if you use it in the bedroom to charge at night. I have an iPad plug/adapter that has a 2.1A output, and it charges very fast. I was at about 65% battery, and it charged fully in about an hour, and it did not get hot. I recommend this highly!
These are my 2nd & 3rd satisfied purchases of this item! I initially purchased one for my iPhone X and this purchase was for 2 additional charging pads, for my kids’ iPhone 8s. My son loves his Anker charging pad and uses it as his primary mechanism for charging his iPhone. My daughter, however, has a case on her iPhone that prevents charging via the Anker charging pad. But, it’s all good, we moved hers to a common area where it can be used throughout the day, by anyone.
works great with my iPhone 8+ even through my spigen case
I love it!! Works great! Even through my otter case. This is what attracted me to this product. Others couldn’t guarantee this
This is an outstanding charger. The Samsung charger (a few dollars more) is a bit heftier and more solid - the Anker one is lighter. But the Anker charger is completely effective and I would recommend it.
I feel like I’m in the future!
Works like a charm! Love it.
My husband loves it. It looks good on the nightstand next to our bed. It is not too big either; perfect size. We are thinking of buying two more to add to other areas in our home.
Really nice. I hughly recommend this product.
My first charger I bought for my iPhone X. I use it everyday and no issues. I love the thinnest and small footprint on my desk
No problem with my tech 21 cases on my iPhone 8plus
Just love it.  It did the job well.
Recently, I bought an iPhone 8 and decided that with the new phone, I should get some of the technology that it supports. After some research, I bought this charging pad and it was well worth it. It works well and charges about .75% percent of my phones battery every minute. While that may not be quite the quickest of chargers it certainly does its job. Other charging pads are somewhat finicky, being that they will start, stop, and repeat, but this wireless charging pad allows the user to quickly place their phone on top (towards the center) and easily begin charging. As long as your phone is towards the center of the pad, it charges easily; obviously, if the phone is hanging off the edge of the pad it will not charge, but this pad is not like some others that you have to find the perfect spot for. This pad allows a lot of leeway for the area in which you have to place your phone on the pad. It is worth mentioning that the pad lies flat on my desk, and the rubber padding on the bottom stops any movement. The pad is also very small, not taking up too much space. It also easily charges through my plastic INCIPIO case without any issues whatsoever. Comparing the pricing, this pad is far cheaper than the ones Apple offers on their site, which may work better with the iPhone because of software, but is too expensive for something so simple. If you want a great charging pad for a good price, this is the one to buy.
Works great with my iPhone 8 and even through my phones case (otterbox).  Doesnt slide around on the desk and the phone doesnt slide around.  Would recommend.
Works great! Good grip and easy to set up! It worked through my thicker case and PopSocket! Love the charger, and would buy again in the hearbeat! Highly recommend.
Works perfect with my iPhone X. Phone does not get hot at all even while charging overnight
Great product. Love not having to plug my phone in.
My husband loved it
Got it last night! It works great!
I am a fan of Anker products
Great charger
Works great charging my iPhone 8 Plus at standard charging speed and I do not have to remove it from the case to do so. Very convenient and easier than using the cable.
It works great and I am so happy with this wireless charger for my iPhone 8 plus
I have a couple of different brands/models.  This one works the best in my opinion.
I’ve had this charger for about a month now with no issues. Does exactly what it says. Would recommend for iPhone
Works great, I just wish the cord was a bit longer
Works as described.
The item is no longer working, sadly I’m not in the US and I can’t ask for a refund returning the item; but yesterday after a second use the charger is no longer charging, besides the blue light still on. Hope Anker can do a better quality control of this device in the future. Anyway anker if you see this review take into consideration my situation of not living in the US. Update March 1st, 2018 After this review Anker directly contact me and offered and solution that fits my situation with a refund of my money back, I am truly grateful with them and I hope doing business with them in the future
love the convenience of this device so much that I immediately bought another for my home office and may snag a third for my bedroom.
Not bad
It works great!
This thing works as advertised maybe even better. I know you can get these for $12 but I paid the extra 8 bucks for peace of mind. My iPhone X has good battery life and I dont really need a quick charger so this was the cheapest way to go to get a certified shirt 5w wireless charger.  The USB Cable is a bit short(3feet) but thats  par for the course so they still gets five stars.
Works as expected with my IPhone X. Does not charge as fast as my lightening cable but still great purchase.
I originally had a trouble with the power cable that supplied the unit.  I didnt expect that they would replace such a minor thing.  This was the second one I bought as I loved the first one.  They said they were going to send a replacement cable and Im very grateful!
Simplified charging and I will never go back to using a plug
Works great, just as advertised.  My IPhone X charges well, not super fast but it works like the lightning charger.  We put on the Samsung 7 and it worked just as well,  if you have one of the circle things to prop up or hold it doesn’t work with it, but that was expected beforehand.  Thanks Anker
I love it!
Great charging pad! Works perfectly!
Quality product at a good price. Just what I wanted. So nice to have by your bedside, and Ive traveled with it as well. Works well.
Great product. Had to return once because of defective item. Customer service was very friendly and worked very quickly to send a replacement
I am not sure what else to day outside of the review title. This really is probably one of the easiest 5-star reviews I have ever given on Amazon. Well done Anker. This wireless charger is super convenient for my office desk. I no longer have to lug my charging cable around. I have also stopped using my car charger and dashboard attachment. The wireless Qi tech is a great advancement that has finally been adopted by Apple. I am using an OtterBox Symmetry Series case on an iPhone 8 Plus and the charger works very well.
Bought the Anker for my office and the RAVPower for my home. The Anker works all the time every time and I have a case on my phone. The RAV is very inconsistent. Wish I had bought two of these instead!!
Dont waste your time with other products. Ive tried a couple off-name brands that just dont work, or are finicky.
I like the fact that its compact and easy to use
On time, fast shipping, as shown. easy to set up and use.
it works
my iphone 8 has to be placed just right on it for it to charge.
I like Anker products. So I bought this pad with confidence. However they seems to have a known problem this pad working with IPhone X. It works for 2/3 full cycle then it stops. Now it only charges up to 10%. I also feel it makes the adapter hot. I’m using original Apple adapter. Reading some reviews, other iPhone X users are also having similar issues. Update 1/15: Anker customer care advised not to use apple adapter that comes with the iPhone. Pad is working fine with anker powerport II 2A adapter. Thanks for the support Anker team.
I love this product. It charges my phone just as fast as the $60 wireless charger that I have. I regret spending so much money on other wireless chargers. This product is high quality and comparable to the $60 wireless charger that I have at my home. I have purchased this product for myself and as a gift for multiple family members. This product works great. This is a must have for any iPhone X owner.
I submitted a negative claim only to find out it was my extension cord. This product so far is everything it describes. Works very well on the iPhone 8
Awesome device for the money! Charges my iPhone 8 with a Spigen Tuff Armor shell case with no difficulty at all. Its a great reliable product. Excellent follow up support with Anker.
It worked great right out of the box and does exactly what it’s supposed to do.
Good price and works as it should.  Charges iPhone X well.
Just took it out of the box and plugged it in. No problems, super simple, and my phone is charging right now! I do wish they had a longer cable that came with it.
Excellent Qi Charger for my iPhone 8. Anker makes great stuff!
I got the new IPhone X and wanted to try the wireless charger. I love it. Just grab and go when I get up from my desk or when I get up in the morning, No more cords to unplug or plug in. The Anker charger came on time and has worked great. I now have 2 and bought another one for a friend that also got the new IPhone X  . I would recommend this charger for anyone that owns the new IPhone X
Quick delivery and it works great!
Item works as advertised, Anker in an unexpected show of customer service sent me a wall adapter free  of charge, that’s customer service!!!!!!! Outstanding 5 star
Works great. I have a supcase with the clear back on my iPhone 8 and it doesn’t interfere with the charger. I used a Samsung charger and mini USB cable to connect the anker since it requires 2 amp going in but it only puts out 1 amp. Size is great and looks appealing as well on the counter. I have multiple anker products and have been very impressed with them. I recommend this anker product to anyone with a. iPhone 8 Plus.
Anker PowerPort works great!
An excellent and elegant product. My iPhone is happy happy.
So far, this has worked beautifully with my Iphone 8.  And, it charges my phone quickly!
So far it works great with my iPhone X and is super convienent. Its been over a week and it still works so hopefully that will continue.
Well I received this on Jan.19th 2018 for my IPhone 8 and it never worked right. First off it will not charge through even the thinnest phone cover. Second, after you remove your cover to charge your phone you must position the phone just right or it wont charge. Lastly. This stopped working at all Feb.17 2018. Not even a month. Awful.   UPDATE. The makers of this product went above and beyond to make me happy. They sent me an upgrade and it works beautifully. This is how a class company works. Very pleased.
Excellent product. Amazingly convenient.
Works great, but does not include an ac adapter. The description of this item should be clearer about this. Edit: Even though I probably should have read the description better, Anker customer support contacted me and sent me a free AC adapter, which they really did not have to. They then followed up again to make sure I got it and that I was satisfied. Satisfied? Floored is more like it. Anker rocks.
Great price and works great.
Have been very happy with all Anker products so far and this is no exception. Super easy setup and so far charging great. Only been using a week so will update if that changes, but so far so good!
It is good but the cord is too short besides that take so long for charging, other than that great product
Can anker go wrong? Nope!
Working like a charm! Anker is the best!
They work fine, but a big part of why they are cheaper than other chargers is that they come without the charger. So I hope you have your own plugs, luckily I did, but I cant use them anymore for anything but this. The cable isnt particularly long, they happen to work for me, but they arent that roomy. I used to vend this product, I will caution you to be very careful with them, they are meant to be set up, and then left alone, especially the cables.
Works great with my iPhoneX even with a fairly thick phone case. Its not terribly picky with the phone placement, has a good size and non intrusive small blue light.
I was a little skeptical when buying this wireless charger because of having a life proof case on my phone but it works great. I have had other anker products and I have been impressed with the quality for the price. I highly recommend this product.
So far so good. I have an iPhone X and this pad does a fine job of charging it up, even with the phone in the case (though the case is an Anker as well). The results were rather inconsistent however with another X which has a thick case. The placement tolerance on the pad isn’t great and requires the phone to be placed reasonably centered for it to work but within reason. Still for the price it seems much better then many of the other devices on the market and just as good as the brand name devices on the market at half the cost.
Work great whit iphone 8
Works great and is much cheaper than the chargers suggest by Apple.
Easy to confirm phone is charging with small blue light on the side. No cords. I just set my phone down and pick it up. Quick charge works great. No complaints.
Solid
Wow.... so I never thought wireless charging would be such a joy... I thought, oh whats the big deal.. it saves you a little hassle..... BUT BOY WAS I WRONG!!! Ive rocked with apple since the first ever iphone... and now, with my iPhone 8, I HAD to give wireless charging a try.....  I have a 6 foot charging cable, which I love BTW.... BUT, I decided to give the Anker PowerPort a try to see if wireless charging is my forte.... This is not my first Anker product, AND NO THEY DID NOT PAY ME OR ASK ME TO REVIEW THEIR PRODUCT!!!!!! This is not one of those reviews .... It is my HONEST OPINION!!!! But anker (if you are reading this, i would love to work with you ;) Anyways, I love Anker because 1, the quality of their products never is anything subpar. I get "apple" like quality for more than half the price!! I dont know the long term durability of this wireless charger, but if anything goes wrong I will for sure give an update. I have had no issues with previous anker electronics (charging cables, bluetooth speakers etc.) The actual Wireless pad is super portable and you can carry it in your pocket if you really wanted to... I leave it next to my bed on my stand, and leave it there... but if you needed to travel with you, you could! The wireless pad has that silicone rubbery grip to it, so dont worry its not going to slip off of your desk or stand... I bought it for roughly $19.. and i DEFINITELY would recommend this to ANYONE with the iphone 8 or 8+!!! There were some cheaper options, but I love ANKER and they have GREAT customer service if you have ANY issues!! This is a great gift to give anyone as well... i would without a doubt recommend this product to anyone. it takes one less hassle out of your life! Please give this review a thumbs up if I have helped you in making a decision for your purchase (it helps me out) :)
Works like a charm and makes charging even easier. Never want to plug in another charger into my phone again!
This product exceeded my expectations. After reading mixed reviews about the charging speed, I can say that it charges my iPhone X very fast and I’m very happy with it! Quality item at a great price.
Works great. Bought two. Works perfectly fine with our iPhone X and Otterbox Defender cases.
Really convenient to use and works with my phone case still on my phone.
Please note that this does not come with a AC Adapter but it is also clearly stated. Product is great like all Anker products, Good design, sleek and elegant. It has been working great so far.
So far I’ve had it for a few days, and it works pretty well. Leave your phone on it for a around 20-30 minutes or so, and you get around 10% of charge to your iPhone X. Maybe 12%... Anyways, I use an iPad charger with it, because it doesn’t include a wall charger. It works perfectly fine. I would recommend this product.
good product for the money have a power bank as well anker products are the best out there
So far so good.  I bought this to replaced my Choetech T513 3 Coils Qi Wireless Charging Pad for Qi Enable Devices that I first bought on Amazon since it had three coils instead of one which is supposed to make finding the the right charging spot easier when you place the phone on it.  I dont notice this single coil charger being any less sensitive.  However, I think the three coil chargers have a great chance of buring out.  My 3 coil charger lasted about three months and one morning it was super hot and not charger anymore. The plastic had melted around the coil underneath.  I think with the smaller charging coil if you dont get your phone over all three coils then more current may flow through just one coil and cause it to overheat.  This single coil charger never feels hot.  I think this is due to the larger coil.  This charges my iPhone 8 plus even through the v plastic case.
Very nice, non-flashy charger. Charges my iPhone X through a case just fine. It does have a logo on the face, but is not too big and overly noticeable. Nice non-skid base.
works wonderfully
Very slim and looks really good! It works just as good as it looks too. It makes charging on my nightstand very convenient.
Very pleased with this that it charges my iPhone 8 Plus with my otter box on. ;)
Worked great. fast charging.
Just opened and plugged in.  I got two of them (one for the Mrs and one for me).  It is working for both my iPhone 8 Plus and her iPhone 8 in cases!  Not finicky when it comes to placement.  Only issue is the cord that comes with it is very short (maybe ~3ft) but couldn’t be used for anything other than maybe a kitchen counter.  I used another cord I have to use the pad on a nightstand.
Worked great for the first few weeks.  Now the blue light flashes, but it is not charging.  Would like a replacement or my money back.  Not sure what happened.
Im always nervous ordering phone charging products not from Apple. But the whole house fights over this one! We will order another for the kids!
Works great, Anker is a great product.
Its not the prettiest around, but it does work, and it does not have blue lights blinking all night!! What are some of the other manufacturers thinking? It charges my iPhone X quick enough. Ive only had one instance where the phone was not centered and it was not charged the next morning. Ive been more careful since then.
works perfect, but wish I could charge my phone face-down, but you need to have it face-up, which can cause it to light up with alerts/texts, etc if you have it next to bed like I do.  Other than that, its so cool to just be able to lay my iPhone X on it and its charging... hated fumbling with the plug in dark and having to unplug every morning.  Also, its good it has low wattage if you are charging overnight as opposed to wanting a super fast charge... the higher the wattage you charge your phone with, the faster you can degrade a lithium battery, so this is perfect for me for overnight charging.  also, it looks nice (kinda like a coaster) on nightstand, better than loose cords.
Nothing to do, out of box, plugged in, let my wife use hers first, ( she is always having charging port issues) She loves it, I love it as well, super fast
Quick/easy transaction/delivery.
Charges phone great !
Works great on my Samsung Galaxy 8, but doesn’t work on my iPhone 8 Plus, as I have a pop-it on the back.
Love it.  It is the slow charger made to work with a case.  I dont care how slow it is since I use it when I sleep at night.  I have had it for a week and it works great.
Placed on nightstand for overnight charging of my iPhone 8 plus.  Works perfectly... 100% charged when I wake.
Great product and awesome customer service.
I love my Anker portable charger, regardless of the fact that its as big as my phone, but at least its fast and I get 4 full charges from it. With that being said, I was optimistic about this charger. I am disappointed. It charges, but you have to have it in exactly the right spot, and its ridiculously slow. So much for the lightning port... Update: Customer service contacted me regarding my device. After a few questions and follow-up, they determined that I had received a faulty charger. Their customer service has been very diligent through the entire process, which I have truly appreciated. Their customer service is top notch. The replacement charges faster, but there is definitely still an element of making sure that you put the phone in the correct place on the mat. I have a case, like pretty much all iPhone users have. The case is not that thick and its not metal or any other material that keeps the magnet from making a connection, so I will have to just suck it up and make sure I have it on the charger. If I miss the mark, I will have to use my Anker portable charger while out and about.
No frills, exactly what you need. Very sleek and slim design. Micro-USB cable could be a touch longer, but no complaints here. Does what you need it to at a GREAT price point. Will be buying more for my work and my home desk. Great product from Anker once again. They consistently deliver on budget friendly tech that works and is dependable. This was an easy 5/5.
Bought this for my girlfriends iPhone X. It charges perfectly with the phones case on. Would have been better if it supported fast charging but shes happy :)
Works perfect with my iPhone 8 Plus. Its not a fast charger by any means but it is convenient charging on the nightstand overnight. Its small, looks sleek and out of the way. Just what I was looking for!
Great and reliable for my iPhone X. You need a wall outlet to plug it into. Anker recomended a 5V 2A or higher wall outlet
I charge my iPhone every night on my nightstand.  Plugging and unplugging it is a nuisance, especially when I just want to check something quickly.  This pad is small and attractive and now its super easy to just set the phone on it to change and pick it up when I need it.  The blue indicator light is very faint and does not bother me in the dark.  The pad and phone don’t seem to get noticeably warm when in use. My one suggestion is that Anker make it more clear that you should use at least a 2A charger with it.  I bet a lot of people use the 1A charger that came with the iPhone. The only indication of this requirement was in the fine print of the input spec, and who reads and understands that?  Ankers online FAQ is more clear, but again I doubt that many people go there.
This is the best wireless charger Ive used, excellent design and great value. Works perfectly with my iPhone X. Highly recommended!
Works well, large pod area so I don’t have to put the phone on in a very specific way.
Not sure what to think. I really like Anker products and have dozens of them in my house. I bought two of these to use with our iPhones, and they work well (though slowly), but one of them did not come with a USB cable and the other one did. I reached out to Ankers supposedly very good support about this and received no response. Ill keep them anyway. UPDATE: Upon reading this review and noticing that I did not receive the USB cable with one of my orders, Anker sent me not one but TWO micro-USB cables, without pretense, simply to help me out and make my orders whole. In light of this excellent service I have revised my review from 3 stars to 5 stars and I highly recommend this product.
Easy to get working and charges my phone great overnight. Not the fastest wireless charger but for the price I recommend it.
This charges my phone at half the speed of the charger that came with my phone. Sometimes you can set it on the disc and it will start charging and other times you have to move it around, take it on and off the charger to get it to start charging. More than once it has lost its charging connection in the middle of a charge. The only time I was using it was when I went to bed because it takes so long to charge. Nothing like putting your phone on the charger before you go to bed and waking up 6 hours later and your battery is at 28% because it stopped charging in the middle of the night. It is for that reason I wont use it anymore. Besides being so slow to charge it is very unreliable. Update: After posting my review Anker reached out to me with questions and suggestions to try which I did. Anker determined that I had a defective charger and promptly sent me a replacement which has worked well for me. I have never had a company reach out to me to troubleshoot a problem and then take care of it so quickly. I am truly amazed and impressed with their outstanding customer service. Thank you Anker!
After trying the Anker powerport with multiple devices and still not getting a charge, I gave up ok this charger and initially wrote a negative view. However, anker staff reached out to me, sought to help me, and when it was determined that my devices would not work with the charger I bought, Anker gave me a full refund and still encouraged me to keep the charger. While I made the error of not purchasing the correct charger, and for that I have only myself to blame, Anker still blew me away with their excellent customer service. I am certain to recommend their products in the future and purchase them myself. Thank you, Anker.
I bought this for my new iPhone 8 Plus. This is my first experience with wireless charging so when I see one of the companies I trust makes wireless charges there was only one choice. No complaints here. It’s obviously not going to be as fast as using a cable, but if you need to top off your battery before you go out or something like that it works great. No heating issues and yes, it works perfectly fine if you have a case on your phone.
I love Anker.  I’ve had their ergonomic mouse for 4 years an no problem with it. Fantastic mouse. Just bought a new one because the old one was getting a little wear and tear from use. I got this because it’s Anker and I recently got an iPhone 8. It was great up until last night.  It just stopped working. The blue light comes on when I set my phone in it but my phone doesn’t charge. Gonna wait to see if it fixes itself before I return it. ***UPDATE***: They obviously read the reviews on Amazon. I just received a new wireless charger from them. Great customer service, thank you!
So far no complains. Looks sleek, well built, charges perfectly. Edit: after a couple of months, it simply stopped charging. The blue led blinks instead of a solid light when I put my phone on top of it, and no matter how much I reposition, it doesn’t charge Edit2: restarting the phone solved the problem.
works as intended. I have the older version from anker but sometimes will not activate. this works perfect for a month already.
I bought two for my wifes iPhone 8 plus.  She loves them and they also work great with my Galaxy S7 Active - in a hard case.
Ive been using this in combination with the Supcase unicorn beetle style case https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01KK8TZMU for approx 3 weeks. Connects easily every time. As a bedside charger, I initially hoped the blue light would time out, but with the low profile of the charger, its easy to position the phone so that the light is hidden from view. The blue light isnt overly bright so thats not much of a problem. I noted that other users reported that the charging block got warm, but I I havent noticed any problem using a 5W chaging block. This device has the same consistent quality of other Anker products UPDATE: Liked the convenience of not having to plug in a cable, I bought a second unit.
Good product works as advertised
Lightweight and easy to pack for travel. Ankur never disappoints.
I like it! So convenient :) Bought a Belkin wireless charger for at least twice as much money and it didn’t work out of the package. My Anker charger works great. Haven’t noticed that my phone gets hot or anything. It charges while I sleep and is full when I wake up.
Works great with iPhone X and IPhone 8 Plus. Both have otterbox cases and charge quickly. I’ve had the product for less than a week now but will update if any issues arise. So far I like it
First one did not work, but the company was great in helping me. Received another charger and works great. Thank you for standing behind your product.  Great customer service
Very pleased with this purchase. It works as designed and it’s slim profile does not take up much space on my nightstand.
the powerport is good and helpful for iphone 8 plus
This is the second Anker Qi charger that I have purchased to charge my Nexus 7 tablet....Yes, I still use a Nexus 7 and I love it!  This charger is better than the first...It is easier to find the sweet spot for charging my tablet, even with a nice thick case on it.  AND, the blue light will turn off in a few seconds while it continues to charge. The first one I got still works fine, but it is harder to find just the right spot to start the charging when I lay the tablet down on it, and if it is in the bedroom, I have to put something in front of the blue light so that it doesnt interfere with my getting to sleep (blue light is our enemy :P )  So far, a great little charger. EDIT (2/6/18)-  For some time now, this charger has refused to charge my Nexus 7 with the case on...it seemed to be working OK when I first got it, but now I have to remove the case to get it to work for me. The first Anker charger that I bought some time ago, works great with charging through the case.  The model number for that one is B00Y839YMU, and I see that they still sell this one on Amazon. So, I am a little less than happy with this new charger. EDIT (2/16/18)-  Anker Customer Service was kind enough to send me a replacement for the charger that I ordered in January. Right now, the charger is working for my tablet with the case on.  But the first one worked as it should for, I guess, a couple of weeks.  So, I would like to wait for 3-4 weeks before totally giving it a "thumbs up".  I do appreciate the customer service Anker has given me with their products that I have purchased over the years.  I will edit my review on Amazon when I see that the charger continues to work as it should to charge my tablet through the case. Thank you so much for sending me a replacement for the first one that I purchased. I plan to continue to buy Anker products as I believe they are, on the whole, quality products, and the customer service cannot be surpassed.
Only used it once so far, and seems to work, but note you cant use an iPhone USB charger with it (the small square power brick that comes with all iPhones), you need to use a 10W ipad charger or buy a $10 5V/2A charger. If it requires a certain amperage, it should come with the adapter. From the product description: Note:  Remove any metal phone cases or any cases thicker than 5mm before use.  Using an Apple 5V / 1A charger is not recommended. Overheating may occur. Input: 5V / 2A Output: 5V / 1A
I was shocked that it works considering how much I paid for it!  Its very easy to use and I like it.
Great product!  I wont need to replace any IPhone cords again!
This was a gift so I havent used it personally. However, the recipient is pleased with the way it works and was glad that his phone was able to charge through the Otterbox case covering it. Great price as well!
Anker stands behind there products I have encountered issues from time to time however I don’t hesitate to order another due to there customer service.
great product works wonderfully, i sit my S6 on to it with a ottterbox and it charges fine, the cord is a little short and you have to have a 2amp plug for it but lease it tells you that before you order that you need one, but it pairs great with their other products
My bae gifted this to me and I love it, it’s worth every penny, works well.
*update* after Writing a poor review Anker reached out and said to be sure to use the 10a iPad charge block. After using that, it works with my iPhone X flawlessly!!! Love this pad on my desk and not having to pull the cord in and out! Charges fast also! Excellent product and even better customer service!! Thanks Anker!
...just wish it charged at least at 7.5w.
I got tow of them one for me and one for my wife and they both work great on IPhone 8+. Also side note it works great with the otterbox case the big one no issues there.
This wireless charger works very well on my iPhone 8plus.  I dont have to remove the case and it charges quickly.  I bought the wall adapter so I havent used it without the wall adapter.  But with the wall adapter its great. It gets warm but not hot at all so if youre concerned about that, you dont have to worry.  The price is right.  I recommend.
Love it!
These charging pads are awesome!! I have an other box and didn’t have to take it off.
Fast delivery and works great!!
It works great! No issues. Some people have complained that it doesnt come with an AC adapter but that wasnt an issue for me.
great love it easy to use
Works great I love cordless charging. I just pace my phone on the night stand every night and full charged when I get up. No fussing with cords.
Small, subtle, easy to use. Does not overheat with charging. Rubber-like material on base of charger so it doesnt slide around. All around good product.
Works great!
Works as well.
This thing probably needs to be on a more structured surface than what I have available. But it seems kind of hit or miss with charging.  If my phone isnt on the pad just right.  It wont charge. Otherwise it does exactly what I need.  I set my phone on it.  It charges.  End of requirements
EDIT: After my first review I was contacted by Anker customer support offering right away to send a replacement. However they suggested to try a different charger to be sure. I used the Syncwire charger that has 4 ports. I used the 2 2A ports at the same time for 2 pads. This is the scenario I had a problem. What I tried next, was 1 pad on the syncwire charger and 1 pad on a different charger. No problem since then. I suppose it needs more power that the Syncwire charger offers when both ports are used. ----- At first this seem to work fine ( the first 2 weeks). For the past 2 weeks I wake up in the morning and the device is always half charged. It seems that it slides off a bit and it stops charging during the night. No case on, do not disturb is also on so it’s not the vibration that makes it slide. I had a similar issue with a belkin one, which apparently it didn’t have enough “rubber” to keep it from moving. This one here seems to have the same problem. I also have the mophie charger sold on the Apple store, and it has no such issues. The led indicator stays on permanently when I take the device off. I have to unplug it in order to switch it off.
Initially this only worked part of the time so I put in a poor review.  After being contacted by the manufacturer I was instructed to try using a more powerful AC/USB charging plug in rather then the white cube that comes with an Iphone.  I purchased 2 new plug ins using the specs they recommended for around $13.00 for both and now both of my Wireless pads work great!!  You have to love a company that not only help you fix any issues but they were willing to take back both items and refund my money.  A winner!
Its thinner an more subtle than most charging mats. The light is just bright enough so you can see the phone is charging, without being a constant reminder. It blinks if its not charging, and turns off if the phone is removed. It also has a rubberized top and bottom which keeps it and the phone from sliding around. Ive been using it with the iPhone X and Apple silicone case. Its not the highest supported wattage, but high speed charging isnt really a concern of mine. A few hours on my desk, and the phone is charged back up. Ive had it for about 4 months now and Ive never had an issue with it. It works well with the iPhone X and Apple silicone case. Its thinner than most other charging mats and far less obtrusive. The light is barely noticeable. , and while its not the highest wattage available, it
I usually use a cable to change my iPhone, but now that is has wireless charging capabilities, I’m able to rest my phone on the charging pad without any cable being in the way. Other reviews say it’s take about 3-4 hours for a full charge, but I think it best to turn on low power mode and leave your phone on the pad for about 11/2- 2 hours and it should get into the 90’s% as that is what I have experienced. I’m using an iPhone X with a clear case from Otterbox, which can also play a factor into the fast charging.
Works great with iPhone X in Apple silicone case. Thin and lightweight. I have a 7.5W charger for home but this is a great work charger.
The charger is so fast, and charges better than a wire. I had a Popsocket before, and I took it off reading that the phone couldn’t charge with one, but I just got curious and wanted to see if it would charge with a Popsocket and surprisingly, it did when it’s in the fully collapsed position. Great job, Anker!
Great Qi charger that works with the iPhone X.  Its about the same thickness as the phone and has a very unobtrusive blue LED that lights up when charging.  Using it as my overnight, next to the bed charger and it works great for that.
The Anker PowerPort charger works as advertised. Like all Anker products works very well. I am extremely satisfied with this item. Soft rubber pad is ideal for my iPhone 8.
great product, super cool. only regret is the slower charge than that of the cord on my iPhone 8
Update -- Since the initial order was defective, the amazing customer service team at Anker reached out, and expedited a replacement. The new one works flawlessly. Love the charger, works just as described. I am blown away by the customer service they provided and follow up to make sure it works as expected. Would def.  recommend this to anyone. Thank you @Anker I have used some of their other products and they are just great. --------------- Works at times, and doesnt at times [the bad part is that, it will show its charging, but when you check after a few hours it will not be working].
Works great.
The PowerPort works great.  Excellent product for the price.
Good, except no good with music - with it flat on the floor, my iPhone slides off when playing music, due to vibration caused by the music.
Great quality, SuperFast charging!
The first one of these I bought broke the first day I had it.  Anker has GREAT customer service and immediately shipped me a replacement.  That one at first appeared to not work, but then I tried several different power (AC) adapters and found it worked with the original Apple power adapter, and it worked.  My feedback is that this is not the best Anker product on the market, they make wonderful cables and power battery packs, but this isnt great.  For the price though, and for the good Anker customer service, I am increasing my original 1 star to a 4 star review.  Thanks Anker for fixing the situation.
Awesome product. How I wish Anker will make all in one wireless charger that can charge both Iphone and Apple watch...
This was my first wireless charger, and admittedly I didnt quite understand all the differences in watts and speeds between the different products.This isnt one of the faster models, being 5w, but i still thought it was slower than it should be.  I received a follow-up email from Anker after my purchase making sure everything was ok, so i set them know my concerns on the speed.  Working with Anker support was great, they first helped me choose a better wall adapter (the little square one that comes with the iPhone isnt enough), and had me test with and without the case (i have the apple leather case on my iPhone X and the case made no difference in charging speed), and then when it was still slower than expected, sent me a replacement to try.  It was about 6% per hour faster than the original.  This sits on my desk at work, so my phone is on it as much as i need, and keeps me charged up.  Ive bought several different Anker products over the years and always look to them first. I will make sure and buy the faster chargers in the future, but this charger is adequate.
UPDATE FEB 25th 2018 I wanted to update my review because Anker reached out to me & sent me a replacement. I have to say, Anker has to have the best customer service & cares about their product. I personally would only get their brand. So they sent me a new one & it does work. However the case I use now has a ring holder on it so I have to take off my case to use it still. This one does charge faster than the first one. Thank you so much for sending the new one. I love Anker products so wanted to grab this after I got my Iphone 8 plus. The only reason I didnt give this 5 stars is because I have to take the case off my phone in order to use it. & is sooooo slow to charge
This wireless charger works intermittently.  I use it attached to https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B01LCDJ7LG/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1.  This Anker 2-Port 24W USB Wall Charger PowerPort 2 with PowerIQ works for everything else I attach to it:  Kindle Paperwhite, Kindle Fire tablet - the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad doesnt seem to work when my Moto Z2 Play cell phone is being wireless charged.  The phone is charged when I use the Motorola TurboCharger directly. Update:  I have changed the Rating from 1 star to 5 star.  Shortly after I posted this review (2 hrs), I received an email explaining that this wireless charger wont work with my phone.  Anker has issued a refund - this is exceptional customer service!!  I have bought several products from Anker over past few years and will continue my patronage of this fine company.  I wish all companies are this responsive.  I realize that many times that there may be a problem with the product but our customer experience is reliant on this type of quick response.
I was a bit skeptical buying a “non-Apple” charger for my brand new iPhoneX, but the reviews seemed pretty good.  I have only had the charger for 3 days, so can’t speak to the long-term effects, but it works perfectly so far.  I was concerned when reading one review that said it didn’t fully charge the phone.  That has not been my experience.  I got 2 of these as my fiancée has the X also.  Both fully charge our phone with no issues.  Just bought a 3rd to put on my desk at the office.
It is broken after using for 5 TIMES! But they sent the replacement
My husband has an iPhone 8, I have an LG V30, finally a charger we can both use.  No more struggling with who has a charging cable as now we just place our phone on this charging pad.  It charges fast and looks great!
I originally bought the smaller version. My nightstand is not completely horizontal and I don’t use a phone case, so my phone kept sliding off that charging pad. I contacted the Anker support and they so kindly sent me this newer one for free. This updated design works great! Despite that it says 5 instead of 10 as in the other one, this one actually has the same output power. And it has much better anti-slip design so my phone even without a case doesn’t slide off it anymore. Highly recommended as an overnight iPhone charger!
Gave as a gift.  My bother thought it was great.  So far works fine.
As always, Anker performs. Charger works great even through a case on my new iPhone 8. Thanks for providing quality products with great customer service.
Works great for iPhone X. I will be buying another for work.
Ordered this charger and a power adapter for my desk to charge my phone while I am sitting at work.  So far it has been great.  Does what it says and charges the phone even with the karapax case on.  I put this under my 2 monitor set up so it takes up little space on my desk but also frees up my cables everywhere. Packaging was great and the charger and power adapter feel solid.  I will probably buy another for the house.
Anker is great.
Simple to use - nicely made - Anker quality !
Works great so far!
Excellent product- light, wide base, charges upon contact, no shifting around to find the sweet dot. Just ordered 3 more for around the house. Thanks Anker Updated- seems that after a while the charger starts to fade in providing adequate charge. I also notice that the blue charge indicator light takes a long time to engage and confirm it’s charging. Uodate-: Anker has gone above and beyond to address a small but important detail, they also have exchanged an item that was already outside of the exchange window- maybe because I bought 5 total. Product now works great, thanks for your attention to detail and for being so customer focus
Charges fine and no annoying lights. Nice small and good looking product. Love it.
This charger works very well with my iPhone X. My phone has a pretty thick case on it (Case Mate Karat Petals) and my phone still charged.
Bought as a gift for my wife. Plugged it into her 24W double charger and got nothing. Replaced the cord and all was well.  A quick email to Anker customer service got me a Powerline 3’ cord in 3 days. Anker is the best!
Very easy way to charge my iPhone X. Very happy with purchase. Would highly recommend.
Its affordable and works right away, even with using a case around the phone.
This works great with my LG G6. Charges fast. The only problem is I had to get a new car mount, couldnt use the magnetic mount with the metal plate. Thats not the fault of the charger though. I love being able to just set the phone on it and it charges.
this charger works very well with my iphone 8plus. Even with the thin spigen case on, it charges my phone.. just gotta make sure is centered and wait for the quick feedback that is charging. then leave it for about 2-3 hours and and is fully charged and it lasts as when charged with the apple cable.
Works with my iphone8 plus and Otterbox commuter case. I liked it so much I bought three more and passed around to family.
Anker products work the best and strongest. Without a doubt the company I trust when purchasing products. Works very well and charges my phone extremely fast. Thanks guys
The pad works really well.  I have used it with a slim case on both the iPhone 8 Plus and the iPhone X.  Both products worked well.  For those of you marking this product down because it does not include a wall adapter, the description is clear.  Haters gonna hate.
does what it was made for!  love it!!!
charges through my otter case
I have 6 of these pads, 3 are used for travel and 3 are around the house. they work perfectly and no issues.
So much easier than plugging in!  I keep this next to my bed and just place my phone there at night.  It fully charges overnight.  I like that there is a small blue LED that lights up when it is charging so you know you’ve got it in the right spot.  My iphoneXs doesn’t get hot either which other Qi  chargers have done.
The one the apple store was selling stopped working within a few weeks so I returned it and went with a brand whose USB hub, battery pack, and cables all work consistently.  Not disappointed its another quality product.
Nice
Nice product. Would recommend well worth.
I couldnt use this as I have a magnet on the back of my phone to attach it to a stand in my car. I had no idea that would be an issue. This is not powerful enough to go through it. I doubt any wireless charger is. I also cant give to someone else because it doesnt work with any of their phones. :/  Seems well made though.
works great; place phone on it everynight for months; no problems. charged 100% in am. Have to set phone on it correctly but has a wide range of positions; does not require a "perfect" fit on the device. works thru my thicker than usual case as well.
Very convenient and does the job
Great gift of anyone and I love mine. Got myself one then my son and then my husband so we have 3 in all. Love these.
I use this at work because I kept forgetting the phone was plugged in and ripping the plug out (I get pretty busy.) This was the perfect solution, and it works great. Usual Anker quality... which is very good. Keeps my iPhone 8 Plus charged up while Im listening to music all day.
Plugged it in, sat it on my nightstand, charges my IPhone like a champ! Wondered at first about worth of product because of low price, but have had no issues or problems at all.
Convenient
best way to charge your iPhone.  extremely convenient and you dont have to unplug your phone when you need it
I’ve used it for a few months now with no issues. Would recommend.
Works great
I had not tried wireless charging before, so I bought a couple of these chargers because they were relatively inexpensive. I am very pleased with the purchase! They work well, and I have has absolutely zero problems. The phone does need to be relatively centered on the pad, but its not a problem hitting the sweet spot. I would highly recommend this charger.
This is a great charger! Weve had this for a year and it still works! My husbands phone had an issue with the part where a charging cable would plug into the phone, so he could not charge his phone.  Fortunately that did not matter, because all he needed to do was set his phone on this easy to use charger!! No plugging into the phone needed!  It does charge a little slower than plugging a charger right into the phone, but the convenience cannot be beat!!
I absolutely love the wireless charging feature with my phone and this brand came highly recommended. I highly recommend it as well. Its really nice to be able just to set my phone down on the table instead of having to fiddle with a charging chord. While the variation placement for my iPhone to be set down and be able to charge is quite large, I dont always set it down in the right way and my phone does not charge overnight. This is mostly my fault, but it does have a little indicator light to show that your phone is charging that can easily be covered with the phone so you dont see it when you sleep.
Its great. I have 3 of it
Great and easy to use
Great product
It works with iPhone X.
Works great, had it 9 months now and no issues.
works with my iphone x just fine . cant use with a case on though.
Super fast charge for my iPhones 8 & X
Works great. Easy to use. Easy to travel with. No more cords breaking.
Did what its suppose to do, charges my phone even with different cases on. Anker always comes threw!
