Cord did not come with charger. Cord keeps pulling out, very irritating
Quit working after a month
I used this actively for about 2 months. Worked fine until one day the internal piece that the charging cord plugs into broke. Now the micro USB has to be held at a specific angle for it to even work. Very annoying
Worked fine for a week but two seconds with my toddler and it never worked again.  She dropped it off the nightstand once and thats all it took. This seems a little too delicate for a real world product
This is an okay product, works just as intended and does just what it says. Only downside it charges my phone pretty slow compared to other wireless chargers or just plugging it in like normal.
stopped working so dont buy it doesnt last long.
Bought this charger a few days before getting my wife a new iPhone Xs. After she had the phone a few days, she tried using this charger. She told me it was slow and/or often would need to be in a very particular position to work. On around the third day she woke up and her phone hadnt charged at all. I took a look at it and when Id plug it into the wall, the light would turn on for a second then go away. I dont know if it was just a faulty unit and others would have worked, but our experience has shown it was a waste of money.
I cant say I love it but it does the job... sometimes. Thats the thing with this charger. Some mornings Ill wake up with the blue light flashing and it not charging the phone. It charges then suddenly stops in the middle of the night. So far my iPhone X, Pixel 3, and now Galaxy S10 has exhibited this issue. I will likely recycle this product and get a different one.
Ive had this product for less than 2 months. It broke after a month of use and it never left my desk. The charge was super slow and I always had to take my phone case off. Im super disappointed in this and it broke JUST after the month mark so I cant return it for my money back anymore. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS.
It only worked for about two weeks
Stopped working within a day.
My iphoneXS  charges slower than the standard iPhone charger.  In addition you have to take time to position it in the middle of the phone for it to charge if it is of by an inch it may not charge.
Does not work on my iPhone XR.  Perhaps it’s the case.
This was working great since I purchased (end of January), but suddenly it just stopped working (end of April).  I noticed a SLIGHT bulge or rise in the middle of the pad.  I found that if I applied a slight squeeze to the pad there I could feel coils or something that I could press back into place? Im wondering if something inside burned out, causing a short?
Easy to use, all you got to do is place it on top. BUT you have to put it exactly in the right spot or it will not charge. Btw, not a fast charger. Takes a while to charge. If its playing music, it will take longer to charge.
Mine works when it wants to work, which is not ideal since I just want to lay it on it in the middle and let it charge.  It;s by my bed so at night, when it is dark, i cant tell if my phone is charging or not.  When I wake up, and see its not charged, then I know.
I have use lots of Anker product and this charger were disappointing.  I used it for my office and the connection would constantly got disconnect and would not charge.  Also it does not charge as fast as the Semeo I got for home.
Initially worked great, but a week in it stopped working.  My phone will indicate that it is charging, but charge does not increase at all. Very disappointed.
I love how easy this is to use, but I wish that it worked a little better. I find often that I place my phone on it and it registers as charging but sometime overnight it must somehow disconnect from charging and then drains my phones battery so I wake up with a dead phone despite it sitting on the charger all night. I also cannot charge it when the phone is completely dead. Ive always had luck with Anker products in the past so Im thinking either this on is a dud or there is some sort of interference happening with my slim phone case.
Horrible product, stopped working less than a week old, and when it do’s work it wouldnt charge through my (very slim) case. Garbage!!
Had to send my phone does not work with this...
Had multiple times where it didn’t charge my phone overnight. Maybe placement?
Worked great for a month.. now it doesn’t fully charge phone overnight. Very disappointed.
Doesn’t charge fast
I tried this with a Pixel 2 and a Moto phone. Neither were charged. No way to tell why it was not working. Tried with and without covers.
I’ve had instances since I got it where it wasn’t charging. But a few hours later it would work again. But now it won’t charge at all. The last two nights it hasn’t charged my phone. I’ve only had it a few months, so this is pretty disappointing.
Doesnt work
The charging connector is really weak (I have to play with it to turn on). If that get fix, the charger is actually easy and handy to travel with.
Was fine for awhile. Didnt charge super fast but we used it at night anyways. It recently stopped working completely.
Poor product I have the iPhone 8 and if my battery is below 50% at night when I wake up the next morning after 6 to 8 hours my phone still won’t be fully charged only be at like 70% charger just takes FOREVER to charge
My stepson gave this to me for Christmas. I loved it but after only 3 months it suddenly  quit working. So disappointed. Guess I’ll have to shop for something more reliable.
This worked for one month, then became tempormental about specific placement of my xs. I woke up before work this week to no charge and now it doesn’t work at all. So disappointed.
I bought this product based on a recommendation from wirecutter. It does not give a fast charge to my Samsung galaxy s10 and sometimes cant even charge it when left overnight. Really disappointing since I bought 2.  I will try to call Anker to return them but suspect it is too late.
I bought this as a gift for my very technologically challenged husband. Thought it would facilitate his task of plugging in his phone each night and eliminate risking damage to the power port. This is not simply a plug and use item, you need to follow a certain order to plug item to cord, to outlet, then maybe you can get it to work. After 2 or 3 attempts to get it started (and finally reading directions), i got it working and he used it for 3 nights.
This product drains my battery
I was being generous when I gave it 2 stars. This charger half of the time, and maybe even more doesn’t work I should’ve just purchased a regular charger like the one I already have. Why you must be thinking did I buy this since I already had a charger, well it’s because it described it would charge much faster and that’s so not true. I would never recommend this product!
Bought on a recommendation from The Wirecutter.  Wouldnt charge an iPhone 8 or a Google Pixel 3--just drained them.  Buying the manufacturers expensive charger next but at least it should work.
This was not a good product. The pad would stop charging by itself for no reason as it was still connected to the power source. It happened too many times and ended up sending the unit back. Will not recommend.
Product stopped working after 2 mts.  There was no wear and tear, just stopped working
I bought this for my father with a new phone. It worked fine for about 2 months and then quit working. I have contacted the company and did all the troubleshooting, it just does not work.
I like it but I didn’t receiver it
Simply doesn’t charge consistently. I have an iPhone 10 and have carefully placed it on the charger many different ways to ensure it’s charging (per the light) only to wake up to a half-charged phone. I love Anker products and have bought them time and time again, but this one simply doesn’t work with any degree of reliability. I’ve tried with numerous devices, with and without cases etc.
doesnt charge phone
Product stop working and I haven’t even had it 1 month. I purchased 2 and both stopped working. I would return them both both the return window is closed
Only worked for a month.
It’s a reknown brand. The brand I used to trust. This product went out of order just after 50 days. Simply sad.
Works but charges very slowly. My main complaint is the very small and specific charging area that you have to place the phone on for it to work. You cant just place the phone on it anywhere, its basically right in the middle and if the phone is off even slightly it wont charge.
So far it works great with my husbands XR but does not work with my 8 like it claimed to
Stopped working after a few months. Can’t send it back.
Doesn’t work. Keeps flashing blue light.
It must sit in an exact spot in order to charge. Any movement or deviation it will stop charging. Very frustrating.  I dont even use it any more.
I purchased this about two months ago, started out working great - really had no issues. The one thing I wasnt a fan of at first was the small area you had to find to start charging the phone, but that really was a non-issue. But two days ago, when I got up to go to work, I noticed that my phone wasnt charged - I just thought maybe that I bumped it, or never actually got it on the charging pad. I didnt really think anything of it at first, but then I noticed the next night that when I put the phone on the pad, it would kick on like it was charging but then keep bouncing on and off. After about 10 minutes I noticed that it was actually wearing the battery down, so I just grabbed the old plug in charger and was done with the pad. To make a long story short, I guess I would buy a more expensive wireless charger or something else. I noticed other reviewers have had the same issue, but I thought Id be okay, but I wasnt. Just dont waste your money, go get something built better.
BUT its way too slow to charge.. practically a trickle charger
The charging speed gradually slowed over the course of the first couple of weeks until it no longer worked.  I replaced it with an official Samsung charger which is still going strong after a few months of service.
Bought this as a Christmas gift and it stopped working in April.
I bought this to use with an iPhone XS and although it says that my phone is charging when placed on it, it is not actually charging. The battery percentage continues to fall even after 30+ minutes.
This product worked well while it lasted. However, after 1x/week use with an iPhone 8, it has stopped working altogether. Worth the $ to buy a better quality.
Worked for only one night and then stopped working!
Overheated!
The phone needs to be placed in an exact spot for it to charge, anker makes a model that sots in a cradle upright which is much better.
It foes not work for AirPods 2
This was second one I ordered thinking something wing with the first one... This one didnt work either. Sucks for real.
Cannot carelessly drop my phone on this charger and expect it to charge. It has to be oriented just right to get charging going. Like the look but limited use fir an Xs Max. It should just be advertised for small sized phones. I got the larger Anker wireless charger after this and that worked beautifully. 5 starts for that but only 2 for this
I ordered two of these (one to replace the first one that I thought must be defective). Both charged my i-phone for a few minutes, not sure how long, and then would just stop for no apparent reason. So if I put my phone on it to charge before bed, it looked like it was charging fine, and then when I woke up it was totally dead. Very annoying. Unfortunately, I tried to make it work for so long that the return window passed on the replacement so Im stuck with it. Waste of money!
Slim and sleek design, but its not a very fast charge at all. In fact, I gave it to my mother because I used it so little.
Only worked for 6 months. Now phone will light up like it is charging off and on without fully charging. The Anker 10W Wireless Charging Pad is a better buy. We have had that one for over a year and still works great.
Worked great until 5 months down the road when it stopped working.
Great out of the package. Charger worked well for about 2 weeks before it broke. Broke after two weeks, wouldn’t recommend.
Worked great for the time I had it. Shame it broke. Any chance I can get this replaced?
Only worked for a few months...
Product failed in June, bought it February 23, 2019
It worked OK for the first few months, the charge was not super fast but it did charge. Then it just stopped working after about six months. It showed that it was charging but it wasn’t increasing, it just made my phone very hot.
after a year just stopped working. tried a new plug tried a new micro usb nothing. just stopped working.
Slow charge, but it works
My charging pad tends to get very hot. Unsure why this is happening? It stays quite warm when the phone is not on it, but as soon as the charging starts, it gets very hot. Im concerned about the heat damaging the product.
Takes a week and change to charge your device. Total crap
I use it at my work desk in office. Even though the charge is on it works sometimes and not others. There is no knowing unless you check your phone constantly. The top faded pretty quickly in a week of use I think.
I recently purchased this product from Anker, at first the product works well, but 2 months later it stop working. But the company emailed me letting me know that they backed up their product quality. At first I wasnt able to return the defective product back because it pass the 30 days. But the company reached out to offer their help and sent me a new one. Anker followed through what they say, and their customer service is excellent in following up with their customer. I would definitely recommend buying this product, especially when a company stand by their product, and with excellent customer service. I feel at ease when a company stand by their product and goes out of their way to help their customers. Thank you again Anker for your support in your product.
Nice charger and works fine, but contrary to other reviews, it will NOT charge your phone if you have a magnet attached to the back. It may LOOK like its charging (the lighting symbol will show up over your battery icon), but it will not actually charge. I left it charging overnight and when I looked at it the next day it was the same percentage as the night before.
It never charges properly.  This product is horrible.
I got this charger for my wife as a Christmas gift. It was really great af first, easy to use, she loved it. But not even 6 months later it completely stopped charging. We tried switching outlets, plugging it in using different cords, but nothing is working. It was great while it lasted, but to only have it last less than 6 months is pretty disappointing.
Slow charge, my phone has to be in a specific spot in the pad for it to even charge
The charger has stopped working after 3 months of use. Do not buy this if you want a charger that will last long.
I was happy with this charger but need to change my mind.  I purchased it on June 14, 2018 and it is now June 7, 2019 and it has stopped working.  I would think it would last much longer since there is really no wear and tear on the charger.  I have never travelled with it - it just sits on the counter.  I am disappointed in the product.  I always buy Anker because they have performed really well in the past.
Worst product ever
Worked fine for about 4 weeks and then it charged as effectively as a beer coaster.
It just stopped working last night leaving my phone at 2% charge in the morning.  Ive taken the case off, tried different charging blocks.  Now I find out the warranty ended in March.
When it works it’s good, it seems to charge as quickly as other chargers. The problem it that it doesn’t always work. Every few nights it decides not to charge so I wake up to a dead phone.
This was my first cordless charger. I really loved it while it worked, just set it down and forget it.  Then it just stopped working yesterday. It never really moved from its spot on my nightstand, it just quit on me. Oh well, back to cords for me.
Half of the time it does not charge my iPhone 8. Spend more money on a better brand. Waste of money.
Very convenient how it stopped working just after the cut off period for returns. Up to this point it worked great and had no issues. All of the sudden it wouldn’t charge anymore.
Did not last
Ive had this product for abt 8 months, and its dead.....terrible!
Stopped working after 4 months.
We have 2 of these chargers... one stopped working in only 4 months of use. I have not contacted Anker yet...
After 2 months, this product doesn’t stay on. I keep having to unplug and plug it in to get to to work. I wish I wasn’t out of the return window!
Its hard to find the sweet spot to charge. Very slow to charge. After a few months of using the charger it doesnt work anymore.
It quit working 5 months later - total waste
I LOVED this for the length of time that it worked (7months). One day it just stopped charging. I made sure both contact surfaces were clean, everything g was plugged in properly... it just crapped out. I’m very disappointed.
Pay attention to the reviews about these units dying.  I saw them but have had good luck with Anker products in the past so ordered it anyway.  Mistake.  About a week after the return window closed performance became intermittent, then stopped altogether.  Upon examination it appears the USB port was not properly installed and came loose.  Given the number of people reporting similar failures this seems likely to be a systemic build quality issue.  Product to avoid.
This worked for a while. Now sometimes it works, sometimes it doesnt. Have to unplug and plug back a few times to work
Doesn’t charge fast.
Para IPhone es difícil la carga y se debe dejar el celular sin nada como protector ni imanes ni nada.  Entonces es difícil también y poco práctico su uso
Stopped working just after a few times of using
This phone charger constantly stops working.  I have to unplug it and leave it unplugged for a while, and then hopefully, it will start working again when I plug it back in. This is so annoying.
It works when it wants to.. leave my phone on it & 30 min later and my phone is still at the same percentage.
It’s cheap and ok looking but Stop working within 2 weeks. It was just sitting on the desk the whole time. Big question mark on quality control.
Box came with nothing inside.
It worked great for 6 mos. then it just stopped.  I read and saw way down on the amazon ad no to use the Apple charger adapter but it did not say what to use.  I purchased 3 of these.  Anker products are usually very good so 3 stars.
Takes 9 hours to charge. Pass
Bought two, one stopped working just short of a year. Pretty handy when it worked, but you have to position the phone just right. Woke up a few times overnight to an uncharged phone. I’ll probably buy another brand or design.
Didnt work for me. Perhaps not for the Samsung Galaxy S8.
Its cheap in terms of wireless chargers but not without reason. This product stopped working almost immediately after the return period ended. If you buy this, youll probably have to buy another soon.
The product did not charge my phone
This device doesn’t charge your phone.  It starts to charge and then disconnects the charging in the middle and you will wake up with an uncharged phone.  Stick with the Apple plug in chargers that are reliable or you will be left without a charged phone.
Well packaged and easy to use, but charging speed is far slower than competing Pleson product.
Do not buy this! Mine lasted less than a month before dieing. Left me without a charger on a business trip internationally. Had to replace it with an overpriced airport charger. Spend a bit more and get a better product.
The charger worked great for about a week, but after that my phone will begin to charge when I put it on the charger at night and when I woke up in the morning it only charged a 50%. Other times it doesn’t even charge at all even though it indicates that it is. It just doesn’t seem to do a consistent job of charging the phone. I ultimately returned the item, but the company was great and sent me a replacement.  Great customer service and company that is standing behind their product
Disappointed
This thing broke fast. Disappointing product. I do not recommend.
A couple times Ive gone to use the charger it wont charge my device even after: moving my phone around, unplugging the cable from the charging brick, and unplugging from the wall. Defective unit, Id advise looking at another wireless charger. Seems like Anker has a dud. When it works its cool but its too much of a hassle to make sure its charging properly. Also, Id advise looking at the dock versions instead of the flat ones. Its a lot easier to get them positioned correctly.
Works when it wants to
stops halfway when charging. tried on my other wireless charging and not having the same issue
Since I got it, I have not been able to use as the blue light keeps blinking. It says it might be due to low power but I use this same source of power for other electrical devices and they are well powered. I am quite sad as I had looked forward to using it.
Originally the product did what it was supposed to do but after trying it out a few different times this past week Ive realized that the light comes on but it is not charging my phones anymore it has not even been 6 months yet since I purchased this item.
Stopped charging my phone after 3 months. Seemed really nice until then. Now when I set my phone on it the blue light just blinks and it never starts charging.
I used to wake up to an uncharged phone because it was really difficult to position my iPhone X in just the right spot. Now I wake up with an uncharged phone because the charger simply doesn’t charge my phone anymore. The little blue light turns on, but that’s about it. UPDATE: I contacted Anker customer support and they were exemplary. Very quickly and with no back and forth they apologized and sent me a replacement. In fact, when I asked, they agreed to send me one of the upright stands instead. The device itself was finicky but the customer service was excellent.
very poor experience with this product will pause charging if phone is not in the exact position every time.
Product doesn’t work for I phone 6 as described. Called tech assistance, but that didn’t work.
Works okay if you let it sit over night but slow charger. If you want a quick charge this is not the one to get.
Never received this replacement for the one that did not work. Thanks
It stopped charging my phone after a month! I tried charging my boyfriends phone as well and still would not charge so I know it wasnt because of my phone. The problem was the charger. Will be returning.
Worked great for 9 months, then suddenly stopped charging my mothers iPhone 8.
It did not work. Sending it back for a refund.
This was a great idea and I was very excited to try it out. Unfortunately mine stopped worked after a week of purchasing. When I would place my phone on the charger, my phone indicated that it was charging, but it never actually charged my phone. (i.e. I would put my phone on the charger when it had about 10% battery and a couple hours later when I would pick it up to use again, it would still be at 10%.) Returned mine ;(
This is bad product, I used for two days and it’s broke down. I just send it back
Doesnt fast charge my phone after less than 2 weeks. Very disappointing
charged for ~5mins then stopped working. tried to plug in again to the adapter but it didnt work.
I bought this product in March 2018 after I purchased my Iphone 8 plus. As of 12/18/18 it is now fully dead and no longer charges. Didnt even last a year.
Charging is very slow as compared to orignal wire and charger
Very temperamental product and not worth the money.
didnt use this much, usually i plug my phone in so the wireless charger was lightly used. whenever i used it it charged slow. but now it doesnt charge at all. not sure what happened but if i use it now my phone says charging but it the charge level does not go up. the cable was also very short.
Worked for three weeks and then stopped. Blue light wont come on, wont charge anything. Tried different cord and outlets, no good.
Bought two of these at the same time. One for my wife and one for me. One works fine, the other randomly stops charging and I have to unplug it and leave it unplugged for a minute or so then plug it back in to get it to charge again. I’ve tried different outlets and adapters and no improvement so it’s something in the charger itself. It’s very frustrating when you go to bed with your phone charging just to find out it quite some time shortly after you put it on and your phone doesn’t have enough battery to make it through the day. I’d recommend trying a different brand if your looking for a wireless charger.
Quick charge for being wireless but the cable is way too short
Got this as alternative to manually plugging and unplugged the charge cord to avoid issues with cord breaking...ant that’s the exact issue we saw with this product- once set up, no need to touch cord, just set the device on it and it should charge.  This product’s cord got a short in less than a month. We do not recommend this product.
This item is already no longer charging..
Purchased and broke after 1 night.  Amazon shipped a replaced and it broke after 2 nights.  Complete junk!
Work for 3 months and it stop all of the sudden, junk
When this product arrived, I was really excited for it. The product looked clean and was pretty minimal in size. In the first two days of using it, it worked great. However, after two days of usage, it stopped working. This happened with two identical products.
I bought this item in November. The end of January my charger stopped working. I got a new one within two day, but three days later the one stopped working. Now I am struggling to get my money refunded to me. It doesn’t show up on my account.
All of a sudden, this stopped working.  I have connected it to several different charger cords, base units and plugs and it is not working.  Very disappointing.
This product was delivered to me on 1/31/2019 and today is 2/12/2019 and it is no longer working.  12 days total ans minimal use of the product. Please don’t waist your money.
I have the IPhone 10 after 8 hours of charging my phone still did not have a full charge.Tried a few times and my phone has never received a complete charge.
Doesn’t work and fried my outlet. Would not recommend
Product worked pretty good for a couple of months. The ease of just plopping an iPhone 8 onto the disc and hearing the “charging” noise was so much more rewarding then fumbling for the chord, then inserting it into the phone. However recently I would place my phone on the pad and hear that charging noise as I go to bed, but when I rise the next morning my battery power would be down to like 6% and firmly in the red. As I investigated over the next couple of days I’d place the phone, hear the sound, and see the battery indicator turn green to show charging. When I’d check the phone twenty or so minutes later it shows a lower battery percentage then when I initially started charging. If I unplugged the cords and replugged everything back in I can get it to start charging, but usually after the fourth or fifth unplug/replug, meaning I must constantly monitor the status till I know the true charging begins. Every time I place the phone on it, it claims it is charging with all the necessary sounds and indications, except for power actually going into the phone, which is the only thing this product was advertised to do.
Works but your phone is to be positioned just right for it to charge, I bought better ones for less $$$ at five below
Slow when charging
This charger would work for a few moments, then shut off. Or it wouldn’t start working at all. I tried a few different converters thinking that might be the problem. I have other Anker products so I’m disappointed this one didn’t work.
It doesnt charge fast at all !
I bought two wireless charging pads for my husband and I. We were getting tired of having to buy new charging cables every three months. I figured these would be a good investment. Sadly, I was not impressed at first. I have to take my phone out of my commuter style otterbox because the pop socket makes it too thick and won’t charge. Ok that’s inconvenient but do-able... Several nights I’ve placed my phone on the charging pad, it lights up, dings, and shows that it is charging. I’ll wake up in the morning to find it only charged it from 20% to 60% which is very frustrating. I’ve tried everything but still at least once or twice a week I’ll wake up to find my phone has not fully charged. I’m disappointed this is inconsistent. Update:: Customer service contacted me to help me resolve the issue I was having. I will be getting a replacement charging pad after trying to remedy the situation. I have an ankor brand Bluetooth speaker that I LOVE, so it was surprising that the charging pads were not initially up to par. But once we were informed that you can’t use a regular iPhone outlet port, (not enough voltage) the issue was resolved for one of the pads. ankor is replacing the other one. Update 2:: Well. Here I am with a charging pad that longer works again. Maybe 2 months later with another update. This time instead of faking me out by lighting up and saying it’s charging for 5 seconds, it doesn’t charge at all. Instead the blue led light on the pad that is designed to indicate when it is working only blinks at me. When you google “why is the baker charging pad blinking at me” you get “Blinking LED means that an unsupported device is placed on the charging pad”. Ugh. The device was supported 3 days ago. Back to the charging cable. I bought these pads to prevent myself from having to buy new chargers very 3 to 6 months. But here I am. 4 months later. Buying new chargers. Save your money people.
This morning when I placed my iPhone 8 on the charger, it did not respond with the usual sound alert that it had made an electrical connection. The small blue light did not light. I unplugged and re-plugged, the blue light came on for about 3 seconds and then went off. I changed electrical outlets, same result. I switched to the Apple power adapter, same result. I tried another cable from my Anker portable battery charger, same result. I then went back to the Anker micro cable and the blue light stayed on. It has now been 30 minutes and the blue light is still on. I use a Luvvitt Clear View iPhone 7 Case / iPhone 8 Case with Hybrid Scratch Resistant Back Cover and Shock Absorbing Bumper for Apple iPhone 7 (2016) and iPhone 8. Until today I have liked the convenience of wireless charging and the Anker charger has worked consistently. Now I wonder if I should return to Amazon as defective? Amazon order return is available until January 31, 2019 Bought on Amazon Prime Nov. 4, 2028.
Low durability, just got it a couple of days ago and now there’s a blinking blue light and it doesn’t charge at all so disappointed
Never worked. Amazon took away my ability to return items, and so now Im stuck with the thing. Does however hold paper down nicely on my desk. Father loaned me a gem from years back, and it hasnt stopped working. Thanks amazon
Received January 2 and neither work already!  The return window closed Feb 2 so I’m stuck with junk!
Worked great for first month now when I place my phone on the charging pad at night the blue charging light turns on but when I wake up in the morning my phone is not charged at all.
No longer works after owning for one month
Stopped working after a couple months. Quite disappointed.
Received the product, nice packaging, simple design. Worked out of the box but a week later of using it maybe 4-5 times and it already stopped working. When I place my phone on the charger it wont charge, hopefully this didnt ruin my phones battery. Kind of a let down for my first time wireless charging experience.
The charger works really well but won’t detect your phone if you have a popsocket on the case. I only use it when I’m going to bed so I just take my phone out of the case. If you have your phone in a case that’s hard to remove it from I’d recommend something else with stronger detection or just using the cable.
Charger has already stopped working and I’ve had it for five weeks.
I really want to like this charger but it only charges my phone about 50%. I usually love the Anker products but this one has been disappointing
Never work.
So first things first. It works. I can’t argue that, however it is incredibly slow to charge and gets my iPhone X extremely hot. I don’t know how hot, but it’s uncomfortable to hold or even put in my pocket. I used it maybe 3 or 4 times and have since returned to just using the lighting cable due to extreme temperatures being horrible for battery preservation. I’d much rather use a cable over having to replace a expensive battery.
Bought this in December 2018 to wirelessly charge iPhone XR. So far, it seems to do a great job charging, relative to other wireless chargers. My only complaint is the size of the cable. It’s only 3 feet long (?), so I can only use this cable at my desk at work. Wish the cable was longer so I could put it bedside and charge at night. Hence the three star review. Otherwise, it does everything it says it will.
You can’t use it unless you take your phone cover off.  Very impractical. Also, light only went on intermittently. This was an Amazon Deal of the Day!
Worked for 2 weeks and no longer works. I guess you get what you pay for.
If you don’t set the phone on it just right, you wake up to a dead phone...or don’t wake up because your alarm doesn’t go off because the phone didn’t charge...otherwise i like it. The charging cord is pretty short, so make sure it’s close to where you need it.
Does not charge through a thin case.  Hard to align phone on charger without case. ***Updated*** I was contacted by Anker customer service and they ended up sending me another model that works great.  Their interest in making sure I was satisfied was to be admired.  Thank you!  Im raising this to two stars based on the customer support.
Takes forever to charge my iphone
You can’t have a magnetic piece or those rings on your phone or you will have to take the case off each time which Is annoying.
this product worked well at first. however, after having it for a few days, i noticed that my phone would die faster while it was sitting on top of this charging than when it wasn’t charging and i was using it. i would have returned this but i’m now outside of the that window :/
I have to take my protective case off for it to charge. And when I take it off., sometimes it charges, other times it doesnt at all. I went back to my plug in charger. At least I know the next morning, it is charged and ready for a days work
Got item in aug maybe used it a few times and it already doesn’t work...
The charger stopped working after 3 weeks of use. Updated; the manufacturer contacted me and replaced the product which works great. Thanks!!
The charger would not charge the iphone Xs Max consistently. Some days it would charge just fine at other times no charge even after 8 hours! Had to return and look for another brand
Worked well for the first month, then no matter how long I keep my phone on it does not charge more than 1-2% yet still showing charging.
We bought one of these chargers on sale I think for like $12 and found it worked fine for our iPhone 8s.  Yes, the cord is ridiculously short so we had to use a plug just under our kitchen cabinet otherwise the flimsy cord is only 38 inches including the plugs.  BTW, it doesnt come with a plug either. We bought one as one of the birthday gifts for our daughter.  In short, it doesnt work as advertised.  Since we got it as a gift, I hesitate to answer,  I believe total of EIGHT OR NINE questions Ankar had including asking me if it had a glass back, despite me giving them a detailed list of the phone and charger and what it was doing.  I dont even think the iPhone 8 comes with a glass back. The unit works sometime and sometimes not. It also doesnt shut off when you remove the phone. So instead of playing the question inquisition by Anker, I picked it up, threw it in the trash and went to Best Buy and bought her a different brand of charger for her.  So Id be careful about this brand and make sure, if you buy it, youd better check it out before the 30 days are up so its covered by Amazon otherwise be prepared to stand for the inquisition to get it repaired or replaced. Needless to say, all those questions, some not even pertaining to the phone she was using, sours me on this brand, its the last time I will buy anything made by them.
takes a very long time to charge and you cant use your phone when charging this way so its good for charging at night but not during the day i find
Used it for an iPhone 8 but after one week it quit working. It would charge for about an hour and then quit. You’d have to unplug it for a few minutes and then plug it back in for it to start charging again. Don’t buy this product.
Stopped working after about 2 weeks.
This is a great product durability and size wise.  Doesnt instantly begin charging phone every time a cell phone is placed on the pad.  Many times it takes several attempts to get it to charge the phone.  Still would buy for the cost compared to other similar products.
It doesn’t always charge my phone even though the blue light appears
Do not, I repeat do not waste your money this item is horrible.
I love anker products, aside from logitech they are my go to purchase, however,  I have a Samsung Galaxy active s8 and when I charge my phone with this charger the devices gets hot. Not flaming hot mind you but you notice it is heated, I can leave my S8 with its normal cable charger the entire day and this doesnt happen. I cant trust this charger and I feel it can impact the longevity of my device. Does it do what is supposed to? Yes. But I feel this charger hurts my device more than it helps and I feel like it was a waste of purchase. If I could I would return it.
Was great until it stopped working 2 months later...at least I got my boyfriend to enjoy a gadget for a few weeks!
Don’t waste your money
Anker sucks. Im never buying another product from them again. I bought a charging cord for my phone and it sucked. I thought Id give the brand another chance by purchasing a wireless charger from them. I saw the need after I upgraded to the iPhone XR and wanted to give wireless charging a try. I ordered from Amazon and thought maybe I shouldve spent extra money on a better wireless charger. But it arrived and I put my phone on it and.... it worked. Thats it. However daily use hasnt been very good. Theres a small tiny light that lights up whenever you put your phone on there. Its extremely annoying when youre trying to sleep (maybe thats just me). Its pretty slow charging and the included cable is short and sucks. Overall, this works, but I find myself using the regular charger more than this. I wish Id spent more money on a better charger. Anker isnt inherently a bad company. But the little things... thats where I find myself turning to other brands that just do things better.
Does not come with the plug and says not to use a phone charger plug.  More hassle than it’s worth and didn’t charge that well.
Bought 2 of them and neither one of them will charge my phone.  Not a happy camper.  I spend a lot of money on Amazon.
The device works only if the iphone is removed from the case. I have used Anker products in the past with mixed results. Their iPhone charging cables don’t last more than a year. Try and claim warranty and they will ignore you. Their customer service and overall product quality has gone down hill. Unfortunately I fell prey to the deal of the day with this purchase. Greed gets to you one way or the other. Avoid the product and brand.
Less than a week in and its already stopped working. Tested it with every power supply I own. Worked nice while it lasted tho
While the product is very simple to use, it is not really compatible with the iPhone X. Initially placing the phone on the pad, charging will begin. However, pad does not actually charge, but moreso keeps phone charging. Phone spent all night on the pad, but remained at 5% even though charge indicator was on. Tested it with my boyfriends android and it worked perfectly. I’m sad because I really wanted this
Have to keep phone in one direction or other qont charge at all.
Purchased this item back in November and it worked fine for the first two months. However, as of earlier this week, the charger stopped working. It would charge for a few minutes, then stop charing altogether. Ive gone to sleep the past 5 nights making sure the phone was set properly on top of the charger and charging; and every morning Id wake up to it not charged at all. Very disappointing.
One star because it didnt work with the wifes iPhone.  Charger charged but would not recognize the iPhone.  No case on the iPhone and no metal between the phone and charger.  Battery in the iPhone actually lost power while on it.  Returned for credit.
It charges very slow and you have to place your phone a certain way to get it to charge.
This is great... when it decides to work.  Sometimes my phone ends up fully charged overnight (should only take 3 hours tops); sometimes it does not. I have no idea why.  So.... since I cant trust it, I cant  use it.
I bought 2 of this device and was a waste of money, it was a complete fiasco and I couldn’t even recuperate my money, total loss.
Does not charge properly. Disappointed
Junk ordered it as a gift and didn’t work with any phone I tried
The charger had marks on it . My daughter told me when I sent her to San Francisco.
It’s was great until it stopped working.
Does not charge iPhone 8 well... slow and when phone is completely done takes a long time to turn back on. I fear overheating so I do not use unsupervised (ie overnight)
Not a good product
Got two for my husband and myself for our iphone 8, worked great for the first few weeks, soon after, our phones would not hold the charge very long, now it doesnt even charge half the time. Huge disappointment!
the wireless charger doesnt charge that fast
Stopped working after just a few months.
It works. The cord is not durable.
Phone slides off
It’s an ok product. I’ve had two of these for about 6 months now. On occasion either one stops working and requires the plug to be pulled and or the phone to be restarted in order to charge. Recently and most concerning, the “quick charge” aspect of this charger has slowly started to burn out as it’s now taking longer to charge. I bought a new one on sale here for $13 bucks though just to give it another shot.
Worked okay at first, but the position needed to charge is more precise then I would like.  After a couple months Im now frequently waking up to a phone that isnt charged.  Guess its back to cables or splurge on a better quality wireless charger.
This charger is so weak that after two hours, my phone has remained at the exact same percentage of a charge without climbing a single point.  I mean, I guess it hasnt gone down any, but thats not the point is it?  Disappointing because Ive had decent success with Anker products before.  Skip this item and keep shopping.
Tested it out with my regular fast charger on a Samsung galaxy 9s and it is charging much slower so not sure if it is the device or the plug outlet.
Worked for 1week and just stopped charging
The charger was unable to charge my phone. When I plugged in the charger into the wall, the blue light indicating it’s ready to charge my phone would only stay on for a few seconds then go off. I tried multiple tones multiple days... only to wake up with a dead phone.
Blue light came on, but never charged my phone.
Stopped working after a couple weeks. Connection not great from the beginning and I would have to set the phone down several times, tapping the device to get it to work. Now nothing. Got it on a lightening deal and am returning.
looks of but very slow charging, I also have Samsung fast charging and completely different. I suggest to buy any fast charging instead for almost same price, unless you are looking for something to hold your phone while night.
Product is ok...but charges slow. Everything else was fine.
I am a fan of Anker and own multiple products. However I cant rate this product higher than a 3 (which I feel really bad about) because it does not charge well through the Otterbox protector I have on my phone.  Also I have to place the phone on the pad "just right" or it wont start charging.
Well not charged in my case don’t waste your money
It worked great out of the package, but then after a few days it just abruptly stopped working and since then only flashes a blue LED light without charging.
The one I ordered wasnt charging my S9+ fast. So the company went out their way to send me another one that would be suitable for the device that I have. Im grateful for their speedy response to my problem and for the new charger as well. It works great and charges much faster.
I bought if for ease of use, but taking the case off is just as much work as plugging the thing in. (Neither are all that much work, I know, but if I buy something to save me from one small task, its silly to have to do another one in its place.)
This charger charges slower than a wall charger. I was excited to use this and Im so disappointed... It is also very sensitive so placing it on the pad takes a while to grab. After leaving my phone on it for an hour I looked back at it and it was only on 12% I am so disappointed.
I ordered two of them, neither of them worked.
Suck don’t buy it
Cheap and not durable at all. Lasted less than 3 months.
This was great for 2-3 weeks and then stopped working. It shows charging when I set it down but in the morning I get to work and notice it shows my phone is only 20%. I’m now 1 day past the return deadline. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
I have spent too many nights with my phone on this thing for over 6 hours only to find that it did not charge one bit. The technology is not there yet! You have to be very specific about where the phone is laying on the pad or else it will not charge. If you dont see the little light turn on, your phone is not charging! I wish that it didnt have to be so specific with the positioning.
It doesnt work at all
I have had this for a little over a month now. I have a iPhone 8 plus. This works sometimes.. I have switched adapters and outlets. Sometimes charges my phone and somtimes nothing... Kind of bummed. Dont know what I am doing wrong!!
Just got this tonight. After one time of use, it stop working and never recharge my phone
Only charges if phone is placed in one VERY specific place -- Also, stopped working after 2 months all together.
I really liked the charger, it was easy to set up and worked great with my iPhone 8, even with the case (I have an Otterbox case). About a month ago it stopped working. I trained using a different cable to plug it in but unfortunalty I think it is dead. I don’t move it around, it just sits on my night stand. I didn’t expect it to last forever, but I had hoped for more than 6 months.
Have to take out my magnet
The slim feature is nice however it does charge pretty slowly. It would be fine if you are not in a hurry to charge your phone.
Not very happy with this product.  I own two other Anker wireless chargers, both the stand-up version.  On those two, you place the iPhone on it, and it charges.  You dont have to be concerned about the exact position of the phone.  On this one, unless you center the phone fairly precisely, it doesnt charge.  The charger is on my night table, and I frequently put my phone on it from my bed, in the dark. Many times Ive awaken in the morning, to find that my phone had not charged, because my phone was not exactly centered.  I should have purchased the same one I had previously purchased on two occassions, as they work flawlessly. I own at least two dozen Anker products, from cables, to portable batteries to chargers.  This is the first time I have seen a product which I believe was poorly designed.
Does not charge my iPhone 8 Plus.
Good unit. Only comes with 3 foot power cable and no wall plug. Would recommend upgrading to 6 foot cable.
This is my first wireless charger. I am not impressed. It takes forever to charge our phones and I found our battery doesnt last as long as it does if we use the wall charger. I dont know why that would be, but we have tested it several times. I leave it out for company or family to use, if they want. All in all I would not purchase this again. I will stick with my fast charging wall charger.
It was great but did not last long
Does not work.  At all.
Item would not charge my phone no matter what position I placed it.. two stars for easy return.
This product stopped working after few days. I NEED a refund.
Doesnt work for my iPhone 8 and iPhone X. Despite the phones switch to the the charging mode when place on top of the charger, the battery level keeps dropping. Very disappointed.
This product has one job to do—charge my phone—and it doesn’t do that. For a while I thought I was knocking my phone off the charger at night, but it’s just a defective product. I place my phone on the charger, the indicator light turns colors to say it’s charging, and then when I wake up in the morning my phone hasn’t charged at all. Don’t waste your time or money on this.
The product was great until one of them stopped working. We have bought 2 units about 1.5 months ago and 1 of them stopped working suddenly. Pros: small, easy to use and very easy to setup. Cons: 1 unit stopped working after 1.5 months, top of the charging station starts peeling around the edges, material feels a little cheap.
Product is very hit and miss.  Sometimes it works.  Sometimes it doesn’t.  Unplug it, plug it back in, it still doesn’t work.  Ordered 2 and only 1 works fine.  I’ve had the other replaced, and even the replacement doesn’t work great.  So 1 out of 3 chargers made seem to be decent.
Unless phone sits in some special spot it wont charge. Once it starts charging it quickly "pauses" charging and does not resume charging. I will be returning this product.
Loved this product at first. Seemed to charge relatively well then it just stopped working out of the blue right at 90 days! Horrible phone died so alarm didn’t go off n I was late for work! Wish there was some customer service on this app!
Bit of a gamble putting the phone at night and then finding it didn’t really charge. When it charges, does great and it’s nice not having a tanglr  of charging cords
Started acting up within week of purchase. At three months has totally stopped working. Light just blinks and never charges no matter what you do. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and quickly sent me a new device. I’ve had it for a week and so far it’s worked as expected.
I ordered three of these wireless chargers. One of them stopped working (the one I used most frequently overnight by my bedside) after 4 months.
This is temperamental with my iPhone 8. The longer I have it the less it works properly. Have had good luck with most Anker products, so I am disappointed with this one.
Takes longer than a nights sleep to full charge an iPhone X
It didn’t come with an adapter to plug into the wall. I may had missed it but I didn’t see that on the advertisement
This was trash. It never fast charged my phone. Its so moody, it charges my phone whenever it feels like it. Itll start and stop charging at random times.
Charges my iphone but not my watch. Bad out of the box.
Phone charges MUCH slower than if connected to charging cord. Use it for charging only when you will not be using your phone for a while.
Stop working after about a months worth of light usage. Kept it in my backpack to use while traveling. I guess thats what you get at this price point. Cheap product.
Bought two of these about a year ago. First one did not work well on my wife’s iPhone 8 Plus. Figured it was an issue with the phone case. Recently upgraded my phone to the iPhone Xs and plugged in the second charger we bought. Placed my phone on the charger as I went to bed and the charger engaged and phone indicated it was charging. Upon waking the next morning noticed the phone was not fully charged. Have continually tried to use the charger again and it does not work. Indicator light does not even light up on charger. Appears both chargers worked no more than a day.
Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t.
The product came with no stickers to put in back of your phone to charge it and it is useless because of it.
Really doesn’t work well. Must be place in a  certain spot to work and  even then it takes forever to charge
Fried itself and my phone after 35 days of use. Amazons has gotten really good at selling thing that last just long enough so you can’t return them when the break
Stopped working after 3 months. I have the same phones so no, that’s not the issue.
Worked great then died 7 months later
Phone went without charging several times. Must be very precise to Ensure phone charges. Miss the cable charging which is always reliable.
She has and iPhone 8S and it works on her phone.  I still have the iPhone 5. However after having this for a couple of month it stopped charging and no longer works.  Another fine product made in China.  Do waste your money.
This product charges the phone extremely slowly. Im not sure if I just got a bad item since other reviews have not really mentioned this, but it basically takes all day to charge the phone. If I get to work in the morning with my phone on 10% or 20%, even with leaving the phone on the pad all day long at my desk, it only gets up to around 80% by the time I leave. This is over a 9-10 hour period, and just using the phone to make calls over a bluetooth headset. Whereas if I plug the phone in with the wired wall charger, it charges in about 2 hours. The convenience of wireless charging is negated by the extremely slow charging times. Maybe this is just a limitation of the technology and not anything specifically related to this product, but either way its disappointing and not what I was expecting. UPDATE: Anker contacted me and offered a replacement, suggesting that maybe I just got a bad item. Their customer service is excellent and proactive. Hopefully the new item will work better.
Only lasted 3 months and during those three it worked fine. Hate getting up in the morning to a dead phone.
Wont work if the phone is in a protective case.  Waste of money.  I am not taking my phone out to charge.  The charger should be good enough to work face down or up.
*Update* Customer service contacted me and sent me an upgraded replacement. It work extreamly better. For my Samsung Galaxy 9 it didnt work well. It took forever to charge, my phone got hot while it did, and the battery ran out quickly. I use Otter Box case and it didnt keep connection or was hard to connect. It just didnt work for me at all.
it does not work for the iphone, I lost my money
Stopped working after a couple months. :(
This is good and bought for good price but it is not designed properly. Most of the nights my iPhone X will slide through it and ends up on the table and not charged. Even a minor vibration on the phone due to message can make it slide down the pad therefore making it unreliable. Have stopped using it after waking up many nights with phone not charged. Update: Upon seeing the review, I was contacted by the customer service of Anker. Fantastic customer service and they tried to understand the problem and offered me to review a slightly upgraded model. I have received that and currently using it. So far good, I have not seen the original problem. Fingers crossed.
Doesnt withstand drops well or getting messed with by children
Came today, super easy to set up.  Had my phone on it as I was getting ready for bed and realized it wasn’t charging.  Picked up my phone and put it back down, no light, no charging.  Unplug and plug back in, no charging.  I’ve had this less than 12 hours and it is already in the packaging ready to go back.
Phone never charged, phone case on or off
Dont waste your money.. Ive had this for about 2 months and it no longer works. Tried two different devices on the charger and will not charge either one.. Update: Anker sent an AC adapter that works with their product and seems to be working fine.
This wireless charger suddenly stopped working and it has an 18-month warranty, which I dont know how to use it.
I bought this to charge my iPhone XS with an otter box case. It worked fine for a few minutes. Left it charging overnight making sure the light was on indicating that it was charging. I woke up to 32% battery. Returning the item and shelling out the money for a better quality one.
Inconsistent charging. I have a iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone 8 for work and the charging pad would never accept the phone. Do not buy.
Doesnt last for very long. Had it for a few weeks and then it stopped charging my phone all night and I ended up with a dead phone and late for work because my alarm didnt go off.
Did not come with a plug and charges real slow
I would recommend this product if you charge over night.
the model of the charger is very sleek and nice. very easy to use, you just place ur phone on top and it charges. HOWEVER, your phone must be placed ontop of the charger in a specific way, or else the charger will not detect the phone. Also, the cord that it comes with is very short and you will need to supply your own plug adapter in order to use it. I eventually ended up returning this product because it was way too slow!! It would only go up 1% every 5 mins!! very unfortunate because I had high hopes for this product.
This product stopped working after charging for 5 minutes. I’m very disappointed.
Liked ease of just placing it on pad and going to sleep. However after 6hrs on charge I only got to 42% wtf. Sent back
It works when it wants to. Idk its not intuitive if there is, indeed, a method to the madness. It might be my phone tho? But ya not functional enough for me to use it. Of ALL the Anker products, this is the only one I havent been exstatic about
Bought this for my iPhone 8 -- it would initially start charging the phone, indicated by my phone reacting to the charger, but never actually gave me any charge. My phone would also slide off of it (but this isnt why it wasnt charging). Just doesnt work, had to return.
It doesn’t even charge my phone!
Never worked.
I purchased this item for my husband for Christmas. It only worked for about a week and then stopped charging.
Only charged my iPhone XS Max 4% in 30 minutes...even with my phone case OFF. I have bought other anker products which I love but sadly this is not one of them.
It works, but not great. Constantly looking for the sweet spot to get it to charge. Seems like a slower charge.
It worked great when I received it but it stopped working 2 months later.
I was expecting a charger that would do the job. Dont get me wrong; it does, albeit, s-l-o-w-l-y. This is not a rapid charger by any means. I placed my phone on the pad with 23% on the battery. Half hour later it was at 56%. It doesnt come with a plug, only a cable, and even using my phones original charger plug doesnt make it go faster. Oh well.
Would stay at a constant state of charge even without a case. Anker is cheap junk
When the micro usb is at an angle it doesn’t charge
For $13 you cant beat this for wireless bedside, or office charging. It doesnt get hot, it looks good, and works really well. I wish it was a little more powerful and could charge through the magnet in the case.
I am disappointed in this product.  It charges very slowly, and despite making the connection chime, doesn’t always seem to connect, leaving me with an uncharged phone.  May as well just use a traditional charger.
Phone slides off every second!
I ordered two of these at the same time. One is fine and works well. The other one wasn’t in the box. The box only contained the cord to connect it, no charger. Unfortunately I didn’t open the second one until a month after they arrived.
Stopped working after a few months
Slow
Burned out after 30 days of light usage. Completely dead.
Waste of money. Mine already broke. Three weeks later.
The micro usb that came with this doesn’t fit snuggly into the charging pad. The slightest jiggle will cause it not to charge. I’ve had the unit about a month.  I had to place it just so do or it loses connection.
This item I thought would be great I was very excited. I have a iPhone 8 and I constantly had to move it around for it to start changing and most time after a while had past I would check on it and it would be charging at all. I returned it and I am back on the hunt for a good wireless charger.
Charging is very slow compared to wired charger
would not charge my iphone xs max. it would say it’s charging but the percentage wouldn’t go up
I had the charger s for a month and they all broke.
Should have listened to the other reviews. Worked for 3 weeks and just stopped working. Would be great product if it worked. Returning.
didn’t work at all. Just blinked from moment I plugged it in to 5V.
The product did not work with a phone case. The product itself is nice but did not work in a case for the iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, and an iPhone XR. The product also did not work with popsockets.
Did not work for galaxy s8
Have to take phones out of cases. Does not come with long enough USB cord. It is so annoying that instead of being a convenient way to charge my phone it is a total hassle. Dont do it.
I have tried plugging the USB into various sources, and cannot get my Galaxy S7 to charge when it has its otter box on.  I have tried moving the phone to various areas on the charge pad hoping to find a hot spot, but have had no luck..  very frustrating to remove the case each time. Im trying to figure it out, but Ive had no luck for an entire week, using multiple USB sources at work, car, and at home... still NO LUCK...  disappointed... This was a gift, and I cannot return... UPDATE  1-9-19 I have since found a sweet spot to put the phone on the charging base to get it to charge with my Defender case on the phone.  I have to make sure it is perfectly set, otherwise the phone will not charge....  I increased to 3 star from 1.  I guess if I were to get another, Id consider a vertical stand so it takes up less space on my desk...  Either way, I just wanted to say that it does charge through my otter box defender case, but it just has to be set perfectly on the pad to do so.
Title says it all - this unit worked for 12 hours. Find something better. Total failure.
The device worked fine for about 9 months and then stopped charging.
Garbage, I bought 2, and lass than 3 months both don’t work !!!
The charger suddenly stopped working !!!
Too slow for an iPhone full charge. I wish I knew before, I cant recommend this product.
Very easy to use.
Really slow charging; definitely slower than a cord.  Spend a little more and get one that is fast charging.
Doesn’t work out of the box. Blinking blue light when I set my IPhone XS over it. This is the second Anker powerwave pad I tried after my first one just stopped working altogether. Very frustrated with this product.
charges slow very slow
It’s a pile of junk slow charging.  Not worth a penny
Ive had this less than a week and its not worked right once.
I was initially very hopeful for this product, and as soon as it came in, it seemed a little thin and potentially flimsy, but I wanted to try it out to see how well it worked. - The first thing I did not like was that it did NOT come with a wall plug to plug the charging cable into an outlet with. - The quality seemed a bit questionable. I have an Anker portable charger that is very high quality and works very well, and this wireless charger did not live up to that standard. It did not feel like sturdy material and felt lightweight and cheap. - There was a constant low buzzing sound when the device was plugged in. Initially I did not know what it was, but eventually I figured out that the charging pad was buzzing. I would unplug it whenever I could, at times when I wasn’t using it. - It was very SLOW to charge my phone. It took almost double the amount of time to charge vs the normal plug-in charger. - The actual set up and use of the device was simple enough: you just plug the cable into the charging pad, and plug the other side of the cable into a USB wall plug (not provided), and then plug it into an outlet. You could also plug it into a USB power source (like a laptop with a USB port). However, if you did not get the exact positioning correct of your phone over the charging pad, your phone would not charge. Finally, one day I put my phone to charge and noticed it didn’t start charging. I fiddled with the positioning of the phone, unplugged and replugged it, changed which outlet I used, and changed the wall adapter I used, and still it wouldn’t work. I tried again the next day, but no luck. I even tried again a few days after it was left unplugged. Unfortunately, it was broken. This was very disheartening since I really wanted this device to work and usually Anker products are well made. Although it worked initially for a little while, it had many issues from the start. I didn’t expect it to completely stop working, though. Very unhappy with this outcome.
I would skip on this product and would have bought a more expensive one if I knew this one would just be a waste of money. The device broke within the first 1.5 months of use. I do not recommend.
No funciona como esperaba
Charges my phone but never fully. My phone charges fine on regular apple chargers but on this wireless charger it only ever charges to less than 80% no matter how long it’s been on. I just remove it after a few hours. Weird but otherwise Works fine.
Waste of time
I put my phone on it in correct position without the case and it just flashes blue and doesn’t charge. Disappointing..
Did not work with phone
Junk
Did not work at all
The charging is too slow. It does not charge my iPhone XS Max sometimes.
It has an extremely slow charge.  It takes hours to get your phone charged.  I haven’t tried any others,  jt I truly believe they must work better than this one.
GARBAGE! This thing only works when it wants to. It will power up and then shut off and be useless within an hour. Constantly having to unplug it and let it cool down too. Try something else but this product was a waste of money!
Seriously the slowest charger Ive ever used. Wont charge through any case and didnt come with a cable to plug it into the wall. Would not recommend.
I purchased this for my wife having had a good experience with Anker products before. I have been having inconsistent issues with this charger and now it just doesn’t work at all. It has a blinking light and is completely unresponsive to the phone. Very disappointed that I have had so many issues with this.
Id give it less stars if possible. Im so bummed. I was very excited for this product, read reviews, did research, and decided to purchase this for my compatible iPhone. I received it, read the instructions, scoped it out. Everything looked good. Sleek, lightweight design. Like other reviewers stated, the cord is rather short but it was long enough to reach my nightstand. Someone said 3 feet, but I think thats a gross overestimated guess. Id put it  *maybe* at two feet long. Anyways, I plugged it in, and tested it out. It worked! For five minutes. :| Now the charger wont work AT ALL. Maybe I just got a faulty device, but thats still annoying that it literally worked for all of five minutes (and yes, I checked everything, made sure the power source was appropriate, read through the instructions to make sure I wasnt missing anything, made sure the phone was appropriately placed) and then to just quit on me. Im really annoyed with this product at this time. Im willing to change the review if customer service handles this appropriately, but as of right now, it doesnt deserve top-star rating in my book.
I received this today, my first-ever Qi charger. My device is an iPhone XR, with no case. The phone must be placed very precisely in order to charge. I have to move it 4–6 times, in tiny increments, before it will charge, and I have no idea what constitutes right or wrong placement. (In every case, the phone is more or less centered on the charger.) Using calipers, Ive just confirmed that the phone is centered on the charger, oriented straight relative to the USB cable, and that is apparently the wrong place to put it, because its not charging. This whole thing is much more finicky than just plugging in a Lightning cable, while also charging more slowly. Im not sure if this is working as expected or if I just have a bad one, but I dont think Ill be using this.
It worked good for about a week then just stopped working
Fast charge worked fine with my iPhone.  Fairly small active area for wireless charging. The build quality looks good but the surface is way too slippery. On my nightstand next to the bed it slid out of position and stopped charging way too easily.
For the first 2 charges, the charger worked great. After that I noticed a buzzing/humming sound that came from the charger whenever my phone was being charged. It also started to charge really slow. I’d leave my phone on to charge overnight and it went from 12% to 26% during that time. Had to return and nought next a different brand.
Doesn’t work so good
Loses WiFi too easily.
Phone continually falls off charger. Ive tried it on several surfaces, undisturbed but within several minutes, the phone has vibrated on the charger enough to move from the prime charging area and needs repositioning.
Sometimes it does t work
Piece of crap. Works when it wants to. Don’t buy
The first one i got worked for about 3 days with my Android phone. They sent me another which has worked fine. My daughter tried the one that i was going to send back, with an iPhone, and its works fine. So....
Nice but a bit slow to charge my phone otherwise its ok.
REALLY BAD AND IT NOT CHARGE FAST AND FOR SYC IT IS SO HARD
Stopped working after a month (right after the return window closed, of course). Junk.
Charges the phone as long as you do not have a thick case or magnet for mounts attached to phone. Takes a bit longer at first but charging time gets faster as it progresses.
Smaller than I expected. You have to put your phone on the charging pad just right for the charging to work. The notification light might be blocked by your device. And sometimes the phone does not charge to full 100% before it stops charging. Not sure why. Tried changing power adapters. By the way, charger does not come with an adapter, you have to get your own and the one that comes with the iPhone does not work.
Only charges one of our 2 XRs
The charger works sometimes. I just got it yesterday and halfway through charging it just stops. I left it on there for an hour and it only charged half way because it stopped working. I have to constantly unplug and plug it back in to get it to work. Very frustrating.
It was great while it lasted, but it only lasted a few months!
This product stopped working after 2 days
Product doesnt work
Product stopped charging after a week of use
Doesn’t charge consistently- has yet to fully charge my phone (iPhone XS Max) overnight ♂
Not charging well or fast
I have a iPhone 8 plus. My phone was on DND and it fell right off the pad. No incoming calls or alerts. The product literally threw my phone off the pad. My phone is now cracked all over.
At first it charged normally but not faster. As time passed it got slower and slower. The cable is also not long.
Didn’t last a month just decided it wasn’t going to work.
I bought two Anker chargers. One is a stand one which I love and works great. The second one is the plate one you lay your phone flat on. I have a IPhone Xmax and it has to be placed just right or it won’t charge. A few times it started charging but then it didn’t seem to keep charging. I have purchased many Anker products and this is the first I am disappointed in. Maybe I just got a bad unit.
It was a great product while it lasted, which was only over a month. Wish it would have lasted longer.
The charger works fine, but it does get a little quirky sometimes with how precisely you have to place the phone. It could be due to the case on my phone, but my Samsung unit has no problem. Its way less expensive than the Samsung, so I can live with placing it properly.
Worked for 3 months then stopped working. I tried replacing chords, outlets, taking phone out of case with no luck. Get a replacement plan I guess?
Bought in July 2018 and now March 2019 it has stopped working. A few weeks ago I noticed every few days my phone was not charged in the morning. At first I assumed I wasnt putting it on the charger properly or it was getting moved. For the last three days it has not charged at all even though the light and beep indicate it should be charging.
Stop fast charging my s9, no it takes around two hours to charge, when i plug by cable takes an hour
This is a very slow charger for the iPhone XS Max. Be warned it takes 12-24 hours to charge a dead iPhone. Not sure how long because I now can only use it as overnight charger. Would not recommend.
It doesn’t even charge and if it does charge it only does it for a couple of minutes.  Do not buy this product!!
After two weeks of use, this charger no longer works
At first the charger worked great. However, I noticed that some nights I would wake up and my phone would have less charge than before I went to bed even though the charging sign was on my phone. I know the issue is with the charger because if I use a normal plug in charger everything is fine.
I was expecting this charge to be slower than a normal Lightning charger but this is actually painfully slow. Ive not calculated the numbers, but it seams 3x/4x slower than the regular charger when you buy a new iPhone.
Just as I thought,  slows charging while case from Apple is on!  Boo!
This is very finicky. You have to place the phone just right to charge. We are able to use our phone covers without anything melting. Our galaxy s9s do not quickcharge while on the charger.
Material seems cheap and it takes a lot longer to charge. Just got it out of the box so unsure if when fully charged it will actually hold the charge. Some give false charge readings. For 10 bucks though whatever.
Does not work good for a galaxy s9. Took 2hours to get to 30%
It does not support the iPhone like it says it does. Do not buy it
Charges very slow!
Really unhappy with the quality of this product. It has stopped working after 2 months of light use. I had placed it on my nightstand and used it in the evening if I was home and not traveling for work. Does not charge anymore. I would be willing to give another chance if a replacement was sent.
Does not work well at all. Very, very slow charge. Disappointed in device performance.
My charger came in, and will only blink, it says that there is metal on the pad but it is just my phone with no case. Do not recommend.
I’m disappointed, open mine and plugged it in to see that it isn’t working . My phone was on 13 % for an hour. I wouldn’t recommend it .
I was very excited about this product when I purchased it. But from the very beginning, it was slow to charge and I would often wake up to my phone only half charged. I thought maybe there was something with the wall charger that I was using (because it does not come with that part, only the usb cord) so I purchased the recommended one by the same brand. It worked slightly better, but not much. Then a little bit short of a month after purchasing this wireless charger, it stopped working completely. I sat my phone on it every way imaginable, but only got a blinking blue light and no charge. I am very disappointed since I had such high hopes for this. I had to return it.
Charger requires a 5v-2a plug that is not included. Being as how most USB plug ins are only 5v-1a (such as the factory Samsung charger), they will not work with this charging base. How stupid to sell something without all the pieces it needs ESPECIALLY when they know it requires a specific type!
Worked for two days and stopped. No response from the company.
Update.  The seller contacted me after I stated the following “Product does not work consistently.”  I was given the opportunity to receive a replacement and an actual upgrade at no cost.  I was impressed with the follow up by Ariel and Anker.  I was asked a couple of basic questions on my needs. Now I am awaiting delivery of the new product. I am quite pleased to have received this excellent customer service.  This has been a great next step.  Stay tuned for further comments once I have received and tested.
Nor sirve sólo perdí mi dinero
Phone stopped charging in the middle of the night and have to take case off to charge with pop socket in case.
Did not work with my phone
This wireless charger is a piece of junk. It charges the phone fine at first but then in a few days it breaks and then it’s useless. I even had amazon send me another thinking the first one was a lemon and the second has broken now too.
Loved this charger had it one month and now it makes a high pitch buzz anytime it’s plugged in. Driving me crazy!!! I want a refund Amazon.
This charging pad was so great when I first used it, however, it stopped working after 24 hours. Very disappointed and upset with the quality of product.
Albeit slowly. Its perfect for charging through the night, but dont expect a short session to juice up your phone. Using with iPhone XS.
I bought this junk and it stopped working after two days. READ THE REVIEWS. 20% negative ratings should prove this is junk and their selling garbage. They say it’s under warranty. Good luck trying to get a new one. First they want pics and serial numbers. Then they want you to send the junk back to get another one. They probably keep sending out the defective ones. I got one from another company that WORKS for 3.00 more.
This charger didn’t work from day 1. The light just kept blinking. I even took my case off my phone and it still wouldn’t charge. Awful purchase.
I bought this item, took it out of the packaging plugged it in, and phone said charging. I thought this is great. Threw the packaging away, and put my phone on the charging pad that night. I woke up the next morning and the phone had not charged at all. The phone indicates charging and nothing happens. I cant return it now because I threw the packaging away. Lesson learned, but I dont recommend this product.
The surface area of the charger that recognizes the phone is very small. If phone placement is off by more than an inch in any direction, the phone will not charge. Too much time is spent finding the "sweet spot".
This charger works as advertised
This item worked for about a month and stopped. Not worth the money.
i place my iphone x on the charger and doesnt always connect have to retry many time
I ordered this for Christmas for my dad. He had it on his wish list. It worked for a few days then stopped working. We exchanged it for a new one, and the same thing happened with the second one! This time returning for full refund. Merry Christmas dad! Lol
I like Anker and the products they put out which is what drew me to this for my wifes Iphone XR. It is a cheap, solid wireless charger however it is too finicky when it comes to putting it in just the right spot to get it charging. Several times now my wife has placed her phone down, got the charging notification and woke up to a phone that did not charge. Maybe it moved at night, who knows but this is the risk you take when you get a pad and not a stand. Be aware of this before purchase. Anker was nice enough to reach out and provide me with a stand to use instead of the pad. Great customer service.
Was excited to get this but was unfortunately sent a defective device Contacted anker and they sent a replacement wireless charging stand. Great customer service
Carga bien (iPhone 8), pero el celular se calienta mucho cuando está cargando.
Not fast charging and product is heating up.
I love the idea of this, but It doesnt charge through my case which isnt large. The product otherwise, works well.
Garbage, randomly stops charging your phone. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
It started draining my phone battery really quick. My phone also started heating up.
It’s hard to charge and stops working so many times and then completely stop after a few days
Got it and loved it, but after just a few weeks it’s not charging any longer. Blue light turns on, but no charge to my iPhone. Been long time Anker fan.  Hopefully I can hear from someone there to replace it. *UPDATE* ANKER reached out to send me a replacement for the broken charger within hours, I received it in the mail just 2 days later and works like a charm. Thanks for making it right. I love this company’s products and their customer service is stellar. Thanks guys.
I bought this specifically for my wifes Apple IPhone 8.  Waste of money as it dosent work.  I guess Ill have to go to the Apple store and pay their extortion fees but at least it will work.
My usb port on my work computer died so I got this to charge my phone when Im at my desk. The most it charged over the course of a whole work day was about 11%, which I could probably get in less than a half hour with a normal wire.  So I was thinking maybe it just doesnt like my popsocket or something so I took the case off and it still only came through at around 10% over an 8 hour workday. Hopelessly disappointed, especially since my friend who bought another brand gets a 0-100 charge in a little over an hour or so with his. Another prime day sham.
Seriously! Why purchase this item to charge your device and it doesnt come with the power cord?  I will be returning mine immedatly.
This worked for a few weeks and I was in love, and then, randomly it seems to have broke. The green light blinks, but nothing happens. Will not buy Anker products again, what a scam!
This does not work with the new Jitterbug smart phone despite claims it works with almost all android based phones
Wont work well on Android phones.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. The charger broke after about 3 minutes plug in blue light comes on for 5 seconds and goes out I will contact anker.  Update: Anker has contacted me and is sending me another charger their support staff is incredible I have not recieved it yet but the support staff alone has changed my review
If you USE A CASE please DO NOT BUY THIS! It will not charge with the phone in the case which makes a hassle free charged a whole lot more of a hassle to use. If you are wealthy enough to use your phone without a case you can definitely afford a better charger than this.
It doesnt work
This charger stopped working after 6 weeks. I went online to return it and found that the return window closed 2 weeks ago. Very disappointing.
It stopped working within days.
They are saying now that charging my iPhone x  with one of  these types of  charger will kill my battery...ugh and I bought 2 of them
This gets hot quickly and is extremely slow to charge. I barely use it now
It charges my iphone 8 plus but I have to remove it from my otterbox case.  One of the earlier review said it would charge the phone even with the case so that is why I bought it.
First time buyer of a wireless charger and I wasnt really sure what to expect.  I have a Galaxy S8, my wife a iphone 8, and it charges both of our devices, but slowly.  Her iphone takes about 3 hours, 10 minutes to go from 10% to 100%, while my Galaxy does the same charge in just under three hours.  Traditional chargers are about double the charging speed.  The only other concern I have is the unit, and my phone, tends to get very hot immediately after a charge.  Other than that, I wish they included an USB adapter plug and also made the cable they include longer.  Considering returning.
While it functions as it’s intended too, it’s a slow charge, and I had to take my phone case off to use.
Don’t buy.  Mine only worked for a few months
Works well and charges my iPhone despite having a leather case on it. However, it beeps continuously when my phone is not on it. Rather annoying when trying to get work done at my desk.
Never worked for my devices. Waste of money.
We found the charging to be slower than wired charging using the same 20 watt iPad charger. Edit: Anker Customer Support is great and offered to replace my two pads without my ever contacting them. I found the wireless charger to be slower for our two iPhone 8 phones using 20w iPad power supplies than simply using our normal wired connection to those same supplies. This means that for us the only value of the wireless charger is the slight advantage of not having to plug it in. At the time I bought the two Power Port pads I did not understand that there were also “fast” chargers available. I decided to not send these back because I did not want a similar device with a fan sitting on the desk. I do not consider these devices to be defective, just not as fast or useful as I had hoped for. My wife does use hers at night when charging speed does not really matter. I seldom use mine but may put it in another location where I might casually place my phone. I do appreciate Anker reaching out to me. I should have researched a bit more before I made my purchase.
Cannot charge my iPhone X.
I just received my charger and it doesn’t work. I’m using it with an iPhone 8+. I took the case off and have it plugged into an iPad charging block. The blue light blinks indicating the pad detects my phone but the phone is not charging. I’m disappointed.
Waste of money Didn’t last a month
Worked great for about 3 months, very easy to use (plug and play). About three months in doesnt charge my iPhone X anymore. Charges my wifes phone fine. Ive tried with and without case,simply doesnt charge. My phone will work with normal cable. Not sure whats going on, but simply didnt last long.
This did not fit properly for my husbands new Moto G6.  As soon as the case goes on, the power and volume control buttons are constantly being pressed immediately shutting down the phone and it cannot be restarted until the case comes off.  Returning immediately.
I wanted to like this - but when it did work it charged very slowly. Then it stopped working all together after about a month.
This product only worked for 5 days. It stop charging. Other reviews indicate the same.
Didn’t work for my iPhone
It says my phone is charging but it isnt after two weeks
worked fine 1st 3 times, using it. then never charged over 42%
I had high hopes for this wireless charger but after tewo nights of a 12% charge on my iPhone, I sent it back. I also tried removing the case but this didnt help.
Did not work
Useless
This is a piece of garbage. It doesnt charge, but will maintain battery level. I would not recommend this item.
Worked fine charging an iPhone 8 for 2 months.  Thats it.  Failure at two months.
I used it for my iPhone X. Doesn’t charge at all. The battery didn’t increase a tiny bit even after charging over night. Totally useless.
Very sloow charge.
Horrible.
I am not so sure why but this charger is not really getting the job done and after my iphonex is fully charged over night, the next day it discharges quickly.
DO NOT GET!!! I know there are mixed reviews on this product but it will charge great for about a month if that and then it will take hours to charge...Get what you pay for i guess...
I loved this little pad when I first got it. It was charging my phone really quickly and I love the convenience of the wireless charging (iPhone 8). Unfortunately though, for some reason over the past week or two it has begun to charge at about 1/4th of the speed that it originally charged at. I love anker products and hate to say anything negative about them, but I have to be honest and say that it is a bit disappointing. It may have just been my unit, but I have gone back to wired charging for now.
This charging pad is ok, not as good as I had hoped.  With the galaxy S8+, it seems you have to be pretty exact as to where you place it on the pad, or it will either not charge at all, or will not charge as fast.  I greatly prefer the stands because it takes all the guess work out of it.  It also doesnt work as well with a longer cable for some reason.  tried to use a 6ft cable I had, and charging was very slow, so I had to switch back to the short one that came with it.
These charge sooooo SLOW! I had my iPhone X on here with no case for two and a half hours and it maybe went up 10%. We bought two and the same problem for both. Not worth it at all. Huge waste of money, with I could put no stars.
Well... I have a thin case on my iPhone x and this wont charge it. Without the case it works fine but since they advertise it does I would recommend against it. Too bad. I guess the tech just isnt there yet. I tried it upside down too and that wouldnt work. Returned. UPDATE: Adding one star to this because they emailed me with concern for this review. I was sent a replacement but that also failed to charge my iphone x with basic case. From there they sent me a portable brick for charging. ALthough I know they were trying to rectify the situation I cannot give this s good review. It is a charger that will not charge a phone. SImple as that.
While it charges once in place, I find it takes an attempt or two to get the phone to the right "spot" to charge. Works with my iPhone XR in the case (note: does NOT work face down nor is it supposed to). As others noted, no charger plug is included and the vendor recommends an iPad charger (which assumes you have an Ipad - I dont) but I do have a 2.5 amp 3rd party charger and that seems to work. Also, the cable that comes with it is too short to be used on a nightstand. I think if the vendor had put together a proper working solution (charger pad, appropriate cable, and charger plug) itd be a really nice purchase. As it is, I ended up furnishing 2/3s of the solution myself- which Im not crazy about.
SLOW!!!!!!!!
Can’t even use it.  The cable won’t reach the outlet. Very disappointed.
Does not work
I guess you get what you pay for. I really bought this for my sons phone which is a little cheap phone LG X but it doesnt charge, just keeps flashing blue. So I tried my phone which is a Samsung 8+ and it takes about 4hrs to charge from 43% to 100%. It could have been my case so I removed it and it decreased to 3hr 4mins. So I just put my phone on the charger at night so it can fully charge and when its done, itll stop charging the phone.
Worked great but almost caught fire  Take a chance.  Roll the dice.
Unless your phone is EXACTLY positioned correctly, the charger wont charge your phone at full speed. Or maybe even at all. You cant even rely on the LED on the base to tell you if its charging properly. Its really a dice roll whether your phone will charge, not charge, or get cooked to death. Ive repeatedly woken up in the morning to find my phone hasnt charged at all...or worse, it is so hot I can barely touch it!
Anker’s products have always been great to me. This one is the lone exception. While it doesn’t come with its own power adapter, for the price I can understand why. It’s not a big deal to me. The design and simplicity of the charging pad is great. Where it falls apart is in its functionality. The charger only worked part of the time. Out of a 7 day week, the charger failed to charge my phone on an average of 2 days of the week. And I couldn’t figure out why. Also, there were many times where I placed my iPhone X on the charger and it would not begin charging. I would have to unplug the charging pad from the included micro-usb cable, and then plug it back in. Then it would usually begin charging. Usually. Sometime when I would lay my iPhone X down at night to charge, it would light up, beep, and vibrate to show it was charging. However, by the time I woke up, it would not have charged at all. I assumed that maybe notifications had moved my iPhone off the charger enough to cause it to stop charging. But, I use Do Not Disturb. No way that is the case. Ultimately, I had to return the charging pad. I love Anker’s other products and will continue to buy them. And I wanted to love this charging pad. But I don’t.
This does not work consistently. Worked for an hr, then stopped working
Worked for a few weeks then stopped working! Total waste of money
Charger worked for about an hour and then never worked again. Really disappointed. I even used the recommend iPad wall plug in and still nothing.
Stopped working after a few uses..
Its a very slippery surface. My phone is constantly slipping off of it and not charging.
Garbage. Wouldn’t charge any of our phones.
This charger did not hardly work. It worked sometimes perfect and then some days no matter how I laid the phone I could get to work.
Bought this after I got the iphone X.. used it for 3 weeks or so before it stopped working... I was surprised because I have bought a lot of products from this company and am very disappointed with the outcome this time,
Terrible product. Need to specify what phones it works on. They only work on iPhones.
Quit working after two days. Rad
This was unimpressive. It is limited to 5v 2A input for 1A output. It does not take 9v or 12v inputs as some fast chargers would like to supply. It was only 2 mm thinner then another that is not advertised as thin. At 10 mm thick, 100 mm across, and 67 grams, it is 30mm wider and a little heavier then the qi button alternatives. I have always liked Ankers batteries and cables. This charging pad is a disappointment.
if you dont mind taking the time to place your phone a certain way until you get the charge icon on, then this would be the prefect charger for you, otherwise, do not buy this charger.  this is not  a charger you just place your phone on, you need to place it a certain way on it to start charging, even without  a case. SMH
Didn’t work started the charge at 22% and 3 hours later its at 17%
Worked great for two months and 20 days, then nothing :-(
Tri ed to charge my phone, wasnt strong enough to do so in 9hrs I had charging, Not happy. Doesnt even come with charge cable..
Plugged it in and began charging my phone. Went to bed and woke up to 10%. The charger had totally died and no green light. I tried to change the adaptor and mico USB but nothing works. Dead product within 24 hours. Dont buy period.
Stops charging often, anker promised me a new charger,their reply; "Once we get your information then we’ll arrange you a replacement straight away. As an apology for the inconvenience, you needn’t worry about returning the faulty one on this occasion." End quote. And as usual Amazon claims no responsibility in fact Amazon tells me I am no longer able to return faulty charger.
The charger stopped working after less than one week of use. Very bad buy. I didn’t keep the package and not sure I can return this now.
Its thats a libg time to charge
Died on day 62. Often would not charge iPhone X. Find a different wireless charger.
Worked great initially but after a few it no longer would charge my iPhone X
I would not recommend this product. Plugged it into a standard wall outlet and placed my iphone X on the pad overnight. Hoping it would be completely charged in the morning, to my surprise the phone was only charged 40%. I tested it for another few night just to see if I was maybe placing it in the wrong position or side, but nothing changed still had a poor charge on the device.
It didn’t work on my IPhone 7plus or the 5s
Charging is slower than a plug in. It may be reasonable for the price point.
For a couple weeks this charger worked wonderfully but after a while, I would wake up with the phone not charged. I tested it for a couple of weeks and made sure that it was placed on the pad correctly before going to sleep but night after night I would wake up with an uncharted battery. Switched back to using a cord. Maybe it’s a malfunction.
Excited at first with this product..not a very dependable product..charges my phone half of the time..
This is a piece of garbage! Does not charge my IPhone 6s Plus at all. Do not waste one dime of your money on this scam!
Glass iPhone XS will not stay on top. I fixed this by rapping the charger in  plastic wrap. It’s a simple friction issue.
Doesn’t work, plain and simple
It takes longer to charge than a standard charger.
It lasted 31 days. Just died on me and will not turn back on.
Have to take phone completely out of case
Item was working ok but seemed to stop after a few minutes. Finally quit working.
Meh, it works... but not highspeed and definitely doesnt like cases.  Would not order again.
Love the idea, but the first one failed within days; the second worked, but the surface wasn’t tacky enough for an iPhone 8 to stick to. Anker offered to exchange it for one of the upright models, so no problems with their service effort, but since the upright application wasn’t why I wanted a wireless charger, it basically became a losing proposition and a time-suck. My first disappointment with an Anker product.
Not at happy with this product. It stopped working after I used it 4-5 times in 2 months. Not sure if the company will help me with a replacement.
Just ok
I bought the iPhone X specifically for wireless charging. I have used many Anker products in the past and have always been very impressed with them. However this thing falls short of what I am used to. I place my phone on the pad every night, with my phone case off. And yet at least four nights a week I wake up and my phone stopped charging in the middle the night. This is extremely inconvenient and means that I have to walk around with an almost dead phone for the entire day. Charging with my case on? (A thin ‘loopy’ case is impossible) Not a chance.
Does not work with certain card holding cases.
Doesn’t charge like a wall charger, takes longer. Very convenient tho, literally just set it on top.
UDATED: Anker  contacted me today and they are making it right.  They said they are sending me a new charger.  I love doInfo business with a company with great customer service.  I’ll I have had this charger for 3 months and the charger has stopped working.  I wouldn’t recommend.  I guess you get what you pay for.
Stopped working after about a week. Piece of junk. Would not recommend.
I wish the cord was longer and your phone needs to be placed directly on top of the pad. If the phone is accidentally moved just a little, it’ll stop charging. Pay attention to the blue LED to confirm it is still charging.
Ordered two, both broke twice on me
Slow charging
I loved this purchase but then the other day it stopped working and now it won’t charge my IPhone 8 Plus.  Really disappointed! I’ve only had it for maybe 3 months at the most.
I was excited to try this out, but it did not work at all. Did not charge my phone or my wifes phone even when the cases were removed. Tried leaving it on the charged over night, made sure the blue light was blinking/working properly and still nothing at all. Huge disappointment!
Stopped working less than a month after I bought it, flashes blue when place phone on it
I really like this charger! Bought it 8/30/18 and it’s been great and no issues. Now all the sudden it’s blinking blue and won’t charge.....and it’s not even two months old
Only buy this wireless charger if you plan to use it to charge your phone overnight. This product is not great if you need a quick and fast charge on the go. However, it does look great and is small, which allows it to fit seamlessly almost anywhere.
Product stopped working after a month. Will stop charging and not start again.
This charger stopped working after 1 month of normal use. Refund should be offered.
I havent been able to actually use it for my phone yet. I was excited when I received it. I read through all the product info and didnt see that I needed anything else when I ordered it. Wanted to put it to use right away. Blue light kept blinking, indicating a temperature issue or metal. I took the case off when I put it on the pad. Didnt make sense. Tried my wifes phone, same thing. Totally disappointed to find I need to buy the attachment for my phone to make the pad work. Bummer, just have  to wait a little longer to see how it works. Ill update the rating when I get to try it out
Heats up my iPhone when I charge it. And battery seems to drain faster.
Stopped charging after 2 weeks
Seems to work when it wants to and not enough consistently to keep. Will be going in the trash right after typing this.
Often charges for a couple seconds, then pauses, then charges, then pauses. I need to nudge my phone a bit and then it might continuously charge. Is this normal? I have another wireless charger of a different brand and that one is not nearly as finicky as this Anker one. The return window just closed. Shouldve just returned this earlier instead of giving it a chance. Update: Anker was kind enough to contact me and ship me a free replacement. However, the replacement has the same exact issue. Im using a Galaxy S6 with a clear plastic case (not bulky at all), no metal attachments. The on/off phenomena happens even when I have the phone on there dead center, shifted slightly up, shifted slightly down, etc. Doesnt seem to be fixed by positioning. Thanks anyway, Anker. ::shrug:: :o\
It’s very slow.
You have to position the phone exactly or else it will not charge. Its pretty slow, to boot. If you have to baby it to get it to charge, how different is that than just plugging it in?
Very slow charging takes all nite and if its not exactly positioned it wont charge at all
Like many other reviewers, I have used and enjoyed anker products before, which led me to choose this wireless charger from the many options available. This product looks nice and I appreciate that the charging light is small so it isnt bothersome when trying to get to sleep. Unfortunately, the pad stops charging after a few minutes. I woke up to a 40% charged phone to discover this flaw. I unplugged everything and somehow got it working again only to have a repeat the next morning. Ive seen some reviews saying to use an iPad power adapter instead the one used for the iPhone. Although this may have fixed the problem for some, I wonder why anker didnt design this item to work with the adapter people would likely have if they are charging an iPhone. Or, I would rather pay a few dollars more and have the correct power adapter included.
Followed all the directions and it’s still not charging. The light just keeps blinking. Read all the reviews to see if I’m missing something, but it just won’t work.
Stopped working after a week
Not charging  at all.. tried mutiple phones too..
Honestly, I had really high hopes for this charger. I bought this charger for my iPhone 8 Plus because it was a lot cheaper than other wireless chargers. My phone fit on the charger well, it even seemed to charge through my pop socket.I brought it to my college dorm, the first day of classes I was late because instead of charging my phone it made my phone go dead. Your phone will actually go down in percent. I tried with and without my case and it just did not work for me so I returned it.
It charges the iPhone X really slow. In one hour, it just charged the phone from 52% to 64%.
Stopped working after 1 month
So I tried this with the 5v iPhone wall adapter.  On an iPhone XS Max from 1% battery it took 6 hours to reach 60% battery.  With a 24 watt adapter it took 6 hours to reach 80% battery.  Granted the XS Max battery is over 3100MaH.  But my desk charger charges it in half that time.
It works as advertised, charges the phone just fine. However my device less than a month old is leaving a mark on the charging surface is that normal. ?????
This was working great until it stopped working at all on the 5th month. Hopefully amazon or apple can produce one soon
Would have written more but haven’t found a plug in cord that works with it!  I will order one and see.
Charges very, very slow. It will be on the charger for a couple hours and only have gone up about 20-30%. Is kind of picky about what position it will charge in (with an otter box on the phone)
I bought two chargers, one for my home and one for work. The one at home works perfectly. However, the other charger must be defective. It constantly connects and disconnects from my phone, causing the phone to repeatedly wake. This actually kills my battery faster than if I weren’t charging it at all! If you order this product and get a working charger, I think you’ll love it. I gave the product three stars because of my 50% success rate with the chargers.
Took forever to charge.
I have purchased 3 of these so far and they never work longer than a month. Not worth the money. Edit 1: I realize I have only purchased 3 of these not 4. And the company is sending a new one as replacement. Edit 2: The company sent out a new one that works. I will come back in a few months to notate that it is still going strong (with any luck)!
This is not a rapid charge and not even a fast charge. Looks great, easy to use came very professionally packaged and easy to remove and set up. But it needs to not be advertised as a rapid or fast charging device. For me, only has worth if I am charging overnight and not seeking a quick charge up.
I would suggest not to purchase this item. The charger will stop suddenly in the middle of the charge. If your phone is not correctly placed on the pad it will not charge correctly. I have put my phone on this pad before going to bed and 8 hours later the phone is only charged to 60%.
Product has stopped working after only 3 months.
Some nights it will say its charging and I wake up and my phone is on 20%, not sure why but I dont move it or anything. Just seems cheap.
This charger is very light weight and easy to pack for traveling. However, my iPhone XR takes more than 7 hours to fully charge and most of the time it overheats while charging. The charger itself makes slight noises after the phone has been charging for a few hours, which I don’t think it’s normal. I would return but I threw away the entire packaging. I wouldn’t recommend this charger to anyone.
If I hear the beep, and see that its charging when I go to bed and its not fully charged by morning then I dont need it.
Stopped working 2 days in. Tried multiple bricks. Multiple outlets....
Beware! Melted my leather iPhone XS Max case after charging overnight. Possibly gets too hot while charging. Look elsewhere.
Bought three.....one for me and two for gifts,it does not work!!
Rather invest in a belkin or Logitech charger. It stopped working after a week.
Charging is very slow. Took 3 hours to charge 60%
I bought this for my boyfriend well in advance. From the second he opened it, it never worked. We read the instructions, followed them perfectly & NOTHING. No charge to his phone or mine at all. Unfortunately, Id ordered it in advance and couldnt return it anymore. I am SO disappointed!
This charger is easy to use and has a surface that resists the phone from sliding off. Low profile. However, compared to a wired charged or other wireless chargers Ive used, this charger appears to very slow (on a iPhone X w/ no case). Its fine if I user overnight, for example, but not in a situation requiring a quick charge.
Doesn’t charge phone throughout the night
The product does not charge consistently but instead turns my phone on and off as it charges not really charging it
After several weeks it stopped working
Charges fast, but wont charge through thicker than normal plastic.  I have a fancy design cover that has thicker than normal plastic, but certainly not heavy duty, and I have to take the cover off to charge it.
It only worked for 4 weeks, terrible product. Update, support sent me reset instructions and they worked, the device works again.
Worked great for exactly 2 months and now doesn’t charge my iPhone X, the blue LED just flashes.  I’m a big fan of Anker but this thing is junk. Update: Anker was quick to send a replacement, but the unit started working again before it arrived.  My issue could be related to the output of the APC UPS USB port the Anker is plugged into. Upgraded to 3 stars for support, but be aware the power output of your USB port can cause intermittent issues. Update: Replacement unit has failed after one month.  Blue LED just blinks when iPhone X is placed on top.  Frustrating!
Complete junk, it about as cheap as it gets. Stopped working after 2 months, save your self the hassle and go with ANY other charger
The charger worked for two nights. Now it is not charging my iPhone X anymore and the blue LED keeps flashing.
Update- Customer service gets 5 stars.  They saw my review and replaced the charger.  I have an iPhone X and the charger doesn’t  work with a thin case. Stopped working after 2 months.
Quit working after 6 months. Light comes on for power then shuts off after 5 seconds.
I have a clear plastic case for my iPhone XR and the charge is extremely slow. Even without the case on, it seems to be super slow and its plugged into an outlet. Also turned off all the apps on the phone too to see if that improved anything to no avail.
Poor, broke after 2 weeks
UPDATE: Anker customer support contacted me, confirmed my address, and quickly shipped the "Anker Wireless Charger, PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand, Qi-Certified Wireless Charger for iPhone X, iPhone 8/8 Plus (AC Adapter Not Included)" to me. Not a replacement of the charger reviewed here, but instead the stand version that Ive had a great experience with. I was not required to return this charger either. The customer service with Anker is exceptional and based on this experience, I would highly recommend Anker products. At the end of the day, the particular product you get may not always be perfect. However, Anker customer service will make sure you are satisfied no matter what. That is customer service that is uncommon in todays day and age. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Phone: Samsung Galaxy S9+ Usage Scenario: Overnight charging Product Recommended: No After using this charger for 2+ months, I have to say that Im incredibly disappointed in its performance. Charging is slow, which is fine, as I use this as my bed-side charger for overnight charging and this performance was expected. However, getting the correct alignment for charging is EXTREMELY hit or miss and Ive awoken far too many times to a phone that didnt charge at all overnight. The original hope for this charger was that, instead of worrying about plugging in my phone every night, I could place my phone on the pad and move on with my night. Check your phone in the middle of the night or need to reset an alarm? No worrying about plugging back in. Just put it on the pad. However, that is NOT the performance result of this charger. Instead, I have to be as cautious placing my phone on this pad as I would be finding the plug. The difference is that with the plug I at least know when it is in and working. The build quality of the charger is solid, as youd expect from Anker. The pad size is fine relative to my reasonably large phone. Ultimately, I really wanted this to work. Instead, Im contemplating what scenario I have in my life that would fit this charger better than just tossing it in the trash. If I had the chance to do it all over again, Id buy the far more consistent "Anker Wireless Charger, PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand, Qi-Certified Wireless Charger for iPhone X, iPhone 8/8 Plus (AC Adapter Not Included)" and be done with it. That charger has far exceeded my expectations and is light years ahead of this one for only a few dollars more. I wish Anker would just send me a second one of those so I could forget this charger entirely.
It worked the first few times I used it. But as of recent I will wakeup and my phone wont be charged at all, even after seeing/hearing that it is charging at first
Not clear if it plugs into wall and it wasn’t clear when I bought it
The fact that the charger must remain plugged up at all times is more bothersome than I anticipated. Honestly, this product shouldnt be classified as "wireless" at all. Speaking of wires, the wire leading to the charger slides out too easily and Im constantly having to reinsert it.  However,  the most annoying part of this device is the fact that you must keep the phone positioned in a specific place on the charger or else it will not charge your phone.  If it is slightly moved from that position you will be surprised when you realize your phone hadnt been charging for the past half-hour.
Terrible. Stopped working in 3 hours. Would give 0 stars if possible.
This works even with the case on, but its a slow charge, or maybe just average.
Not great.  Often doesn’t charge.  Seems like the cord doesn’t always connect with the base.
We tried this with 3 different types of phones, without the cases and all we ever got was the flashing blue light.
It only worked for 1 day
It charges the phone, even through an otterbox...it just does so very slowly.... Update: the company sent numerous contacts to try to resolve my review....numerous...numerous. After I declined to have another sent to me they sent one anyways. Well within a year the new one they sent has stopped charging!!!! It lights up because it has power but no charging capacity.
Doesn’t charge as fast as compared to a charger connected to an outlet.
Product does not charge with any consistency. I make sure to center the phone and yet even after a full nights sleep my phone is not fully charged. Edit: Well Anker support is as amazing as you always hear, and was given a refund. It’s nice knowing if a product doesn’t work out for you the Anker support team will make it right.
Stopped working after two months. Charger wasn’t dropped or spilled on or anything, just stopped working one night mid charge. Very disappointing as the return window has closed.
Product works great. I love it
The charger barely charges my phone. It’s better to just use my regular lightning cable to charge my phone. This charger takes wayyy too long for it to charge. It charged 2% in 20 minutes. Even when I placed it correctly on it.
i PURCHASED TWO OF THESE CHARGERS FOR MY WIVES AND MY iPHONE 8 AND 8 PLUS.  THEY WILL NOT CHARGE OUR PHONES WITH OUR CASES ON.
I like it but its not a rapid charger so it does take a while to charge your phone.
The Anker power port is supposed to charge an iPhone wirelessly when the phone is placed on the device. A blue pilot light is supposed to indicate an inductive connection has been established . The first couple of times this worked properly but then the pilot light failed to come on.
UPDATE: 12/12/18--Anker, specifically Lancky, reached out moments after receiving my review of the Wireless Qi Charger that I ordered for my iPhone X. Anker is resolving the problem by sending their newer model, I will update once it is received. The support, resolution, and prompt responses I received from Anker support was incredible and I truly appreciate working with a company that resolves customer issues. I am looking forward to trying the new product. Its a great idea for a product, and Im sure there is a company that makes ones that work. Took it out of the box, plugged it right in next to my bed and had it sitting on the bedside table. Never moved, nothing but my phone ever touched it. Worked great for about two weeks and then suddenly didnt. Woke up (luckily on time) to my phone being completely dead. Tried to move my phone around on it to see if maybe it was something I had done wrong. I noticed to light on the Anker wireless charger was not lit, checked the cables at each end--nothing was out of place. When I set my phone on it, it will charge for approximately 5 seconds before it stops. Completely useless. I bought two of them--one for myself and one for my boyfriend-- and they BOTH stopped working around thee 2 week mark. Same problem. Oh, and before I forget, the product comes with a 1 usb to micro-usb cable and NO ADAPTER. 12 inches is well below standard, if the table you plan to place your charger and phone on is taller than a short nightstand,  youre SOL. Oh, and youd better have an outlet right behind the table. TLDR; Dont buy, product sucks in every capacity.
Didn’t know I needed the plugin too but it works it seems now... I’ll revisit in a couple weeks
Charges well but not really fast. Also takes placing on the pad several times to get it to charge
Dead on arrival! Waiting anxiously for this and plugged it in (various ways and places) and zippo. Blue light did not light up What a wast of time waiting. Will be returning! I do have a IPhone 7 Plus and even took the case off. Nah!!!!
Just doesn’t charge well. I leave phone on it overnight and the next day phone reads 30 percent charges. It’s kind of useless.
This product is mediocre. It doesn’t charge very fast and is difficult to use/ doesn’t charge  with some cell phone cases.
The performance is not as described.  Phone wont be charged if youre not carefully placed in the middle of the charger.  It charge very slow comparing to other models.
it easy to used... but not durable
Takes for ever to charge my phone
Always comes unplugged. Very slow to charge.
Don’t waste your money if you have an iPhone X, it stopped working after 2 month. I’m very disappointed. I’ve bought two, one for home and the other for my office and no one is working.
Never worked! Very disappointed because I was excited to be able go use. Would "charge" for a few minutes and then just stopped or it would show like its charging but  the percentage wouldnt go up.
The ONLY positive I have for this product is that my phone wasnt damaged using it.
just buy a normal charger. this takes 5+ hours to fully charge your phone. Waste of time and money
Did not work right out of the box. Junk.
Bought this in May to keep on my desk at work. For the last month the charging has been spotty, my phone will be sitting and blinks on and that it’s charging/not. This morning it is not working at all. Very disappointed
After a few weeks of use, it slows down my phones charging that it takes 4 to 5 hours for it to charge my phone.
When I placed my iphone 7 on the charger in my youstoo charging case and it charges for 1 sec and then turns off then charges for one sec and then turns off. Junk
Dejo de funcionar al poco tiempo de uso, parpadea la luz azul cuando coloco el teléfono pero no carga. La verdad que es muy mala calidad.
does not work for iPhone 7 which is a down side
Charged my phone once, after that all it does is flash a blue light at me and phone won’t charge. I would return but someone I live with threw away the packaging.
It’s charging speed is very slow and it only charges for a few minutes before the blue light gourd out,
Was supposed to work with IPhone 7 and it does not.
Does not work with Iphone 8 plus. Blue light just keeps blinking
This Anker Powerport has to be a Complete FAKE i just open it out of the box and it doesnt even work Money back  please
It charges an iPhone 8.  It cannot charge an Apple Watch 3. When I lay the watch on the Anker Qi charger, the blue light blinks, but does not turn solid.  And, the watch never charges. This was a disappointment.
Stopped working after 2 weeks.  Complete waste.
I absolutely loved the charger and even bought one for my dad as a Christmas gift.  I am VERY disappointed to find out that my charger no longer works and is completely useless after only a couple weeks of using it.  I never moved the charger, it stayed in the same spot so I know I didnt break the charging portal trying to move it or anything.  I am very upset that I invested in this, even if it was only $15 or so.  I would have expected it to last much longer than 3 weeks.  It is a very easy to use charger, and would be fantastic for traveling, but neither of those matter if it randomly stops working.  I ended up moving the charger to a different socket thinking maybe the socket was having an issue.  That didnt work.  I ended up changing the cord and it still didnt work.  Save your money.  Dont buy this product, as I have already bought two thinking the first one was working so nicely that Id gift one to someone.
edit: Found an issue. When trying to charge my phone, it would leave sticky residue on my Apple leather Saddle Brown case. I never noticed it, but now I see it. I assume it is from the rubber that gets hot? Im not sure There is no reason to give this a four or three or two or one star. Works as advertise. No weird issues. Not slow. Put your iPhone on it. It charges.  Simple. Now are there better ones out in the market? Probably. Do I care? Not really. What else would I want? Probably my favorite purchase of small gadgets and widgets on Amazon.
Absolute disappointment with this product.  Was expecting it to charge as fast as the cables because it’s an Anker product.
Well. I ordered two in February.  The first one stopped using 2 months after I got it.  The second one stopped working last month.  Loved them while they worked but a total waste of money.
Won’t work. Charger not included. Instructions state must use certified charger but doesn’t say which ones are certified.  Blue light flashes with cell phone w/o case and cell phone in case with no instruction on how to figure out what’s wrong.  Instructions suck and I don’t have time to figure out what chargers are certified and where to buy them.  Don’t buy this device.  Find a complete one with great instruction support.
Won’t work through case
I have to start by saying I love Anker products, all have been reliable and have serve their purpose. However, this charging pad has not been the best. It charges a lot slower than the Samsung pad or the USB cord that came with the phone. I have them both plugged it to USB tower for a fair comparison. I also have to toggle it for it show that is charging. Weve kept it as a backup to the backup.
I received my charger today - plugged it in and put my phone on top of it and it immediately started charging! Hooray! I walked away for a little while, and came back to see how quickly it was charging only to find out it wasnt charging at all and I had the blue blinking light (as many other reviews have also stated). Googling for an answer hasnt gotten my anywhere. Ive reached out to Ankor and will hope for a solution, but so far Im disappointed that I already have a defected charger and that that seems like a frequent occurrence for many of us on here. Edit - 10/20/2018 They sent me a new one and this one works perfectly! They sent it immediately after my review and I received it within days.
Its okay
Didn’t even work
Not worth the money and too late for me to return. It worked for a month or so and now will not charge at all.
The cord is temperamental and doesn’t has to be moved to the perfect spot to make yhe blue light go on. Very inconvenient and a nuisance. The charging pad hoes off and you have an uncharged phone in the morning. Do not waste your money.
I have a note8 and it takes 3 hours to charge from 5%. Im returning this asap.
Returned them because of slow charge.
I bought this in March. It work fine until July.  I would consider 4 months a horrible lifespan.
If you have a popsocket on your phone, this will not charge your phone.
Only charges for 15 mind the shuts off. Not worth h the money
Bought the first one. Didn’t specify what power voltage amps to use etc anywhere in the manual. I called tech support and they asked if I had a metal case on my phone and I answered “yes” and I was told that this was the reason the charging failed. I was issued a second one for free and it never charged my battery 100% and it too stopped working after the second day... and I know I didn’t let metal touch the plate this time... bad / defunct unit twice in a row... I should have known the brand Anker... I’ve seen poor reputation with them before.
Worked for about a week and then does the flashing light thing and won’t charge no matter what I do. Also have a metal plate for mounting my phone to a magnet in my car and had to take that out every night for this to work. Two nights I woke up to a nearly dead phone. I thought it was my fault but now I see it’s this charger. Both going back.
It sucks . takes way too long to charge and overheats my phone.
I’ve had this since July and up until now it was working great. It wasn’t the fastest charger but it was good for keeping at work for when my phone started to die in the afternoon. Fast forward to now (December) and all of a sudden the charger stops working after having the phone on the charger for 10-15 minutes. I’ve tried unplugging it and plugging it back it but it still doesn’t work. Kinda bummed I’ll have to get a new one now as this one no longer works.
Doesn’t seem to charge.
Yeah you need a more powerful (?) adapter for this. Had no idea. Had to return it.
This doesnt work as advertised, it is supposed to work through a phone case case. Its also annoying that you still need to use a USB charger with this when one of the main objectives for me getting a charging pad was to free up the USB charging cluster at my bedside.
Did not work for my iPhone XS. Very frustrating to wake up to a phone that is not charged.
Got a faulty one. Going back and forth in email and still unable to get a replacement. Being someone who owns multiple anker products, this came out to be disappointing.
Not even 3 months and it’s dead. So sad!!!
Really enjoyed the convenience of a charging pad and it was effective while it lasted, but it stopped working almost 3 months exactly after first use. Not sure if this one was defective; would not recommend if looking for something with long lifespan...
Didnt work at all.
It says it charges with thick case on but it did not. And charges slow with case off.
Nice charger. Thought it was fast charger but not for my s8 plus. Works for when I go to bed to charge over sleep.
Item did not even work ,customer service was rude and didnt even care to assist with replacement i wouldnt recommend buying this item i returned it immediately.
Cable stopped working after about 6 months
Stopped working first day. Stopped charging my phone. Thought it was the cable, I plugged in a different cable. Still didnt work.
I like the convenience of this charger, and it does charge through my Otterbox case for my iPhone 8. But it is extremely slow -- ridiculously slow, in my opinion. I wouldnt recommend this at all. Two-and-a-half hours to charge 30 percent seems slow to me.
Charges device really slow. I would probably invest in something better. Would be better convenience if it charged my phone faster.
Doesn’t even stay on longer than 5 minutes. Have to keep picking up the phone and sitting back on the pad In order for it to keep charging
It worked for about 5 days, and then stopped working...said I was trying to charge an "incompatible device" even though it was working prior. They were kind enough to send me a replacement.....which stopped working after 2 days. I have an iPhone 8, with no case on it so not sure what the problem is here
Stopped working about a week after I received it, using the iPhone 8 plus. The blue light just blinks when the phone is set on it. When it was working it charged slowly even with an 10v power source. Looking through reviews it seems like this is a common problem so I would not recommend.
It did not keep charging my phone throughout the night. There were many times where I got up, checked, and my phone was no longer charging. I had to unplug it and plug it back in multiple times to get it to start charging again. Also, it charges very slow. I will go back to using my original iPhone charger with the cord. Update: I changed my rating from 1 star to 3 stars based purely on my customer service expierence. Anker contacted me and issued me a refund because of my issue with the item not working. They mentioned because the item was defective I do not have to return it either. Great customer service!
It worked great for a week or two then stopped working. It would say my device was charging, but would stay at the same percentage all day. Got a a refund without any issues, but not going to try to buy it again.
This product overheats my phone when Im not even using it. It charges really slowly. Make sure you have a lot of time.
Didn’t last long. Has already quit working.
Im upset because I ordered this based off the reviews. It doesnt charge any better than my wall charger.  Highly dissatisfied.
It does what it says but after having the standing version I would of also gotten one of those for next to my bed. The flat surface can collect dust, crumbs and other crud from being next to a bed on a nightstand.
Stopped working after one month and no return option on amazon
It takes longer to charge than the regular iphone charger
Returned item.. did not charge as fast as it said..  I have the iPhone X.
Stopped working after 1 wk.
This wireless charge is not faster at all and it didnt came with a plug. Im not happy with this purchase
Disappointed. Does not work for my iPhone XS Max. Tried both with and without a case on, in multiple areas of the pad/phone, and nothing works. Lights up as if it’s charging but does not actually charge the phone. Returning for refund.
I am extremely disappointed in this product. It stopped working after 4 uses. (Intermittent uses), I first thought it was my plug or my outlet but it seems that it only works intermittently then totally crapped out. I’ve taken extra care with this product and it hasn’t moved from my nightstand. I was very excited to receive this product and it was nicely packaged, slim and lightweight but so unhappy that it doesn’t work.
Piece of garbage, takes forever to charge. Like really forever.
Product lasted about 2 months and broke. Charging cable was loose immediately, and had to be jiggled to work.
Disappointed, product doesnt fast charge. Charging it on the device doesnt fast charge it. Might as well invest 5$ more buying a Samsung brand one than this fake versions of a dock less charger.
Bought the product....worked great for a couple of weeks, then just stopped charging. Very disappointed.
Was excited to buy one of these wireless chargers for my new iPhone 8 plus.  Had very positive reviews.  After a week the charger no longer charges the phone.  The charger lights up for a few seconds and starts to charge the iphone, then its stops charging altogether.  You go to bed thinking its charging snd wake up to a deaf phone.  Very unreliable Anker product.  Disappointed that Anker continues to market this product.  Do not waste your money on this item.
Don’t waste your money. Extremely slow charging. I’m so disappointed. Not returning because I threw away the box, otherwise I would. Also you need to place your phone in the exact position or it won’t charge, does work with an otter box case still on. But it takes forever! :(
my iphone 8 doesnt always recognize the charger. its fine but as a result i dont use it as much.
The product itself works great but I noticed my iPhoneX will slide off sometimes when it vibrates so that it ends up not charging at all if I don’t notice in time.
It worked ok in the beginning but it only lasted five weeks before it completely stopped working. Don’t buy it. You’re just going to waste your money.
Terrible terrible terrible. Did not last a week now it doesn’t even charge. Worst purchase on Amazon ever.
Product has stopped working!  Very poor quality
It turns off if you even touch it when it’s plugged in. You have to put your phone on it ASAP or it goes out. POS
This doesn’t worked. Charged my phone for one day and now longer worked. Don’t waste your money
I really liked this charger. It’s lightweight, well designed, the whole nine yards. However, like other reviewers, I’ve run into a rather specific but serious problem: the charger’s rubber top sticks to the Apple Leather Case for the iPhone. The heat (presumably) causes the two materials to stick together. In the morning, I have to pry them apart with two hands. What’s more, there is white residue left on the back of the $50 iPhone case. There has already been permanent damage to the case. I’m returning this, and buying a wireless charger with a cloth or wooden top.
My phone (iPhone XS Max) will start charging just fine, but it somehow slowly slides its way down until its no longer charging. Its still on the device, but it moves down so its more on the top half of the phone instead of in the center and then it stops charging. I have absolutely no idea what is causing it to slide as the surface is pretty grippy with some rubber material but thats whats happening to me. Even while it does charge though, its very, very slow. Probably about 25% the speed of a normal charger.
Updated review: this product died in less than 2 months. Do not recommend!
Update - Stopped working at six months. No bueno. Daily use, overnight charging of one iphone8 Love this - use it with a thin plastic case. Do not use any metal case or ring backing
This item worked great for 6 weeks, now has died.  Out of return & mfg warranty.  Look for higher wattage.
Would go on and off charge when I would place my phone on there .. is broken after only a couple months of use .
I love Anker products and I own several of them, thats why I had no doubt I should buy their wireless charger. The charger worked as expected for 2 months, but now it stopped working. When the phone is on the charging pad it would show as if it is charging, but even after an hour untouched it would not go up even by 1%. I am disappointed with this product and hope Anker would fix it, as I expect from a company that overall sell good quality phone accessories. Update: Within few hours I was contacted by Anker and they offered me a replacement charger that has arrived within 3 days.
Doesn’t charge Apple Watch. Takes forever to charge my phone but works eventually.
Charger works well if you can keep your phone on the charger. It is rounded with a slop to the edges, therefore iPhone is glass and the vibrating causes the phone to very easily slip off.
Stopped using because I found plugging it in gave a better charge
It doesnt work
Will not charge phone with case on. I tried 3 different cases. 1 leather, 1 silicone, and 1 hard plastic. The charger would not charge unless the phone was out of the case.
Works well, but def not fast charging. Description says fast charging, but dont believe it!
It worked fine once or twice but now when I try to charge my phone it says it stays at the same percentage even when left overnight. If I were you I’d probably try and spend a bit more money the price of this wireless charger is just too good to be true. I would’ve liked if it lasted a few months not a few nights
it doesnt charge my iphone unless its connect to power. Manufacturers instructions say otherwise. Not satisfied with the purchase
Had to return this charger after less than 5 days because it failed twice. I tested with multiple USB cords, power adapters, and outlets, and it would still fail to charge overnight despite a successful contact.
Today is the day after the return window closed. Today is also the day this thing finally stopped working. Connection was spotty from the beginning, but chalked it up to user error that I bumped it off the charger or something. The last few nights I would set the phone on the charger before bed and in the morning come to find that it hadn’t been charging at all. I never leave reviews. I’m extremely disappointed.
Bought this item for my husband and it charges for a little while than all of a sudden stops charging leaving his phone not fully charged and it he ends up going back to the Apple plug that came with the phone. :(
I used it twice, the first time I couldn’t get it to charge. I removed it and placed it back again and finally it started to charge again. The second time I placed it to charge before I went to sleep and woke up to a 2% charge _ Horrible feeling - I would definitely not recommend this product - Now it doesn’t even turn on
When I first bought this it charged my iPhone X just fine. Now with recent apple updates it no longer is compatible.
stopped working in 2 weeks
I was very through before purchasing 3 for my children’s IPHONE 8 Plus.  Unfortunately, I have not had such positive experiences as noted in all reviews.  The Anker PowerPort Wireless does not charge well and hasn’t worked since receiving it.  Very dissappointing.
Was under the impression this was a fast charger, being plugged in charges my phone faster. Very nice and sleek, just wish it was fast charge.
The charger only works if I unplug it and re plug it in before every use. It became to much of a pain to do this so I just stopped using it altogether. Anker normally has good quality products but this wasnt one of them.
Great item initially. Stopped working after not quite three months of use. Would like to return but “window” closed. Disappointed.
DO not buy! Only after a week this product stopped charging my phone.
Didn’t work
Charges very slowly, almost imperceptibly. For reference, I have a fairly new iPhone 8 with excellent battery life and it charges perfectly fine with a cable. Update: I have had this only a few weeks and rarely used it. However, yesterday when I set my iPhone on this, the phone said ‘charging’ but then went from 33% to 0% overnight and died while sitting on the charger. I love anker products and wanted to love this charging style, but I recommend spending more for one that works.
Just doesnt work well takes forever to charger. Not worth it.
Sometimes it works and sometime you need to mess with the wire ... prob won’t recommend
Not the charger I was looking for. The one I need was the Anker PowerWave 7.5 Fast Wireless Charging Pad. This pad isn’t as fast and doesn’t come with a power adapter, another expensive. I’ll be returning this to order the other one.
I did a ten minute test with my wall charger, and it charged 6% of my phone. Then I did ten minute test with this wireless charger and it charged 1%. Another ten minutes later and still only another 1%. Too slow to charge, unless youre just using it overnight.
Anker charger stopped working after a couple of month
This thing has broken within 1 month of using it. Boo!
This product lights up that it is working however it does not charge my Iphone or my Apple Watch.
I love having a wireless charger and purchased a couple to have around the house - this one is definitely the most touchy. You have to make sure you set your phone on it just right especially if you have a case on it. I prefer some of the other wireless charges I purchased - plus it feels cheap and is very bulky.
Very slow charge. Disappointed . Ive had it less than a month and it looks worn off
I used this for a week and it worked great. Then suddenly it just stopped charging my iPhone 8. The blue light comes on like it’s charging but my phone does not charge. I plan to contact the manufacturer and return it if they can’t help.
Worked for 2 days then stopped charging my phone.  Went back to plugging in my phone to my charger.
It is not working
started charging around 5 this afternoon 1030 now only at 85%
good
No trabaja por la noche de paga
I bought 2 of these, one for my husband for his birthday in April and one for my birthday this week. I haven’t used mine yet so I don’t know how long it will last, but my husband’s quit charging after a month. He really liked it while it worked.
Stops working in the middle of the night. I will wake up and my iPhone 8+ will still be at 40%, so I know it’s not just shutting off when fully charged because my batter wouldn’t be that low from just sitting there while I sleep. I clearly wasted my money on this item.
Stopped working after three weeks.
Rey slow
it doesnt really charge very fast. Its a new phone and im not sure how large the capacity is, but seems to take forever.
Slow charging. Had it working for ONE night then it stopped working. If you have a flashing blue light then it means theres metal in between your device and the charging pad. But i literally have nothing on my phone or anything near it, the light just keeps flashing. I think Ill stick to wired charging as it was faster and more reliable.
Junk! This thing worked once for my wife’s phone. Then it stopped. This is the second time this thing didn’t work. It’s not defective it’s just horrible quality!
I bought this one but it takes so long to charged to 100%..im not happy with it!
I bought 3 of those, none of them works for my Notes 4 and Moto 4 !!!!! while the Anker is my favorite product !!
The pad itself was fine while it actually worked. Seemed to be picky about the alignment of the phone on the pad. Phone had to be moved around to find the spot to get the led to turn on and start charging.
Doesn’t work. I put my phone on it and the charger battery color turned on on my phone and the charge went down over two hours instead of up.
Do NOT I repeat Do NOT Purchase this wireless phone charger!!!!!! Gets EXTREMELY HOT hard to catch charge and stay connected
Doesn’t fully charge my iPhone X. Only charged it to 66% after 8 hours on the charger.
I bought two of these, one for each bedroom end table. I have a handful of Qi chargers throughout the house from a variety of brands, and Ive always trusted Anker, so I didnt expect any issues. Unfortunately, theyre incredibly unreliable. Ive tried them on a few different outlets, and once you plug them in, theyll charge for a few hours. Then, the light will go off, and the charger will not function unless you unplug it and plug it back in. For the most part, its not debilitating; I mean, I still have a charged phone in the morning if I go through the process... But I bought these chargers so I wouldnt have to plug/unplug stuff all of the time, and this negates its purpose almost entirely. Honestly, I expected better from Anker.
I’ve always loved all anker products, but this Time I only give 3 stars. I love how anker cables and wall chargers can charge your device faster than other chargers but this wireless charger is not the same. My phone Charges way slower than if plugged in directly to wall. I don’t really find it convenient for me at least. It works and does the job but much slower than wall plug and cable. *update* Anker reached out to me due to my review and gave me a refund because the item didn’t meet my needs. Thank you anker for being awesome even on your customer service!
Wireless charging technology is not what I had hoped it would be.  For my use, I have to remove the case on my iPhone8 to use this (probably because I have a pop-socket attached to the case).  The phone has to be placed on the charger just so.  It has to be placed back-side down and in the direct center of the charger.  I had mine on my nightstand to use for overnight charging.  On a couple of occasions, the phone moved slightly while on the base when I reached over to turn out the light and the next morning found that it had not charged at all.  Having a wire connected is easier and more convenient than this. Maybe wireless charging will get better in the future, but for now I would not spend the money for this.
Worked for 1 month and just blinks now and won’t charge iPhone 8 Plus.
The slowest device ever!!!  Okay for overnight charging...  Horrible for quick charging.
Did not work at all
Lucky if this thing works 10% of the time.  Have to unplug from the wall then hope it works.  On the occasion it actually does work it shuts off quickly only adding 5-10% to the phones charge.  Will be returning. UPDATE:  Customer service was excellent and sent me a new unit in 2 days.  This one works much better and I appreciate the help.  Bump to 3 stars.
I bought this Anker charger for my desk at work and I already have a Belkin charger at home.  The Belkin charger charges through my Otterbox case AND pop socket, so I assumed this one would as well.  Sadly it does not.  When I set the phone on top, it will connect but then almost immediately disconnect and then just cycles through connecting and disconnecting over and over and over, killing my phone battery.
it was the worst wireless charger, it stop working two days after I purched it. Anker I am waiting for a solution
Do not purchase this wireless charger if you want your device to stay in great condition! The charging surface has some tack to it, Id guess its so a device does not slip off. Well, after placing my iPhone X in an expensive Apple Genuine Leather Case on this charger, I woke up to find my phone fully charged, AND THE LEATHER STUCK TO THE CHARGER! When I removed it, the leather was damaged as if there was some sort of glue on the top of the charger. Thank you, Anker for ruining my lovely $50 Apple Leather Case. The real irony here is that I bought this charger to replace a failed older model Anker Qi charger. Obviously, something has gone wrong at Anker and you should avoid this brand at all costs.
Didn’t but poor  Quality  broken 24 hours
It is poorly made device! I even bought a Hi power wall adapter, as recommended still the blue light comes on and off. I want a refund!!!
This product stopped working after less than two days. Customer service has been very good and I am hopeful the replacement works as expected.
Worked for one week.  Now I put my phone on it and it just blinks and doesn’t even charge my phone
Only works for 2 minutes and then stops working.
Ive ordered Anker products in the past and have never been disappointed so when Im looking to buy something and see that Anker makes a version of it I always order it. Their products are inexpensive, reliable, and have a good warranty. This product unfortunately just doesnt stack up to their other offerings. I have an iPhone X and got a Samsung wireless charger for Christmas which I leave work. I liked it a lot so I went to buy another for at home and saw that Anker made this wireless charger. It was a little less expensive ($20.99) than the Samsung one ($26.99) and Id always liked their products previously. The Samsung charger is worth the extra $6 here. The Anker charger just doesnt work as well. With the Samsung you just place the phone on the charging pad and it starts charging. With the Anker one you have to make sure that its laying just the right way for it to actually work, its annoying that you need to mess with it to get it to charge. It also charges significantly slower than the Samsung charger. This will make me think twice about purchasing Anker products in the future.
Not what I wanted
It just keeps blinking and not charging
Not what I expected. Thought it was going to be more faster charging, but it was very slow compared to other brands that I had used in the past
Doenst charge Iphone X at all. Full night and plus 0% charge.
Excited to order 2 of these knowing they were made by Anker. Unfortunately only 1 has continued to work. The second one is completely dead and I’m hoping the other one continues to work. Pretty disappointed as we needed 2 of these for the bedside tables. Cannot recommend
Do not buy!!! Does not work at all!!
Not a fan. Not worth it. Takes much longer to charge....skip this one
I am really disappointed. While it does technically “charge”, it does not charge enough to even make up for what the phone is using at night so I wake up with less battery than when I went to bed.
Item is cheaply made and only charged occasionally, sometimes it just sits and doesn’t even charge.
Worked for a few days and then stopped working.  When I plug it in, the lights blink on the charger, but then stop.  No light, so doesnt charge phone.
Takes HOURS to charge my iPhone X with or without a case. Has to be plugged in, so it doesn’t actually charge itself and you can’t move it around. Better off just buying a portable charger Update: the customer service team is absolutely amazing! Helped me with my issue and even sent me a free item. Although this was basically worthless for me, the customer service made up for it
Well it worked great for 24 hours. Then it just stopped working.
When working the charger is great; however, I have to unplug and replug it every few days. Not sure whats going on, but it takes away from the convenience. Could be better.
My main issue is that the phone has to stay perfectly aligned in order for it to properly charge. If I receive a text in the middle of the night, a lot of times it’ll stop charging and I’ll awake to a phone that’s not charged.
slow charging
The micro usb cord broke after a month. Was kind of dissatisfied.  The company read my review and sent me a new cord very satisfied with their service and creat customer satisfaction.
Does not charge with case
Ive had this for under 3 months and it has always been spotty, and now it officially doesnt work.  Ive tried multiple usb ports.
I am tentatively writing this review because I don’t feel I have given this a fair chance and must be missing something. But technically it charges my iPhone X but i left it on for 8 hours the other night and my phone went from ~35% battery to ~80%. I have it plugged into an amazon basics charger that when used with a lightening cable charges the same phone no problem and very quickly. So I’m not sure what is happening or maybe it’s not compatible with my phone/case but as of right now it is not sufficient Will continue to experiment and do research to determine the sub par performance, will update my review accordingly...
you have to take the cover off so the phone starts charging
It worked for a minute or so after Ive placed my iPhone X on it but then it stopped charging. I tried on different wall sockets and even without my phones case but the same thing happened again.
Okay so this wireless charger is great size wise. It’s very lightweight and connects easily to my note 8 and my gfs 8+. It gets 3 stars mainly because it takes forever to completely charge. Her phone it takes up to 8 hours for a full charge; granted it’s not Apple approved product but her other cheap chargers charge faster than this charger. For mine, it charges relatively quick.
Very disappointing charger! I bought this so I could set my phone on it during the day to charge, but it won’t charge with my case on. It’s not even a thick case, it’s the standard Apple case. What is supposed to be a convenient way to charge, has now become a chore. Waste of money if you ask me.
Its ok but its not for a iphone 6 plus so it didnt charge my phone
Works ok news power adapter
It stops charging in the middle of the night. I wake up and find my iPhone with same charge that it had when I went to bed.
It worked great and charged my phone completely even with a otterbox case but only for a month and the light started to flash so I couldn’t charge my phone anymore
It works but my iPhone X heats up pretty bad. So I don’t think I will use it much.
Very disappointed in the product. Bought other anker products in the pass and seems decent but this one is just trash. Only charges my phone to 90% overnight and it’s a new phone. Wouldn’t buy again
The wireless charger only works occasionally. Do not get this it is a rip off. I used for 2 weeks then randomly stoped working. A month after that I used it and it worked, but later in the day it did not work. Get a Belkin wireless charger instead
UPDATE 1/21/18: Anker customer service, specifically Jason, reached out after my review and has been superb in handling the situation. While I did not have a great experience with this particular model, I do highly recommend the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand, if the form factor works for you. Anker is a great company who absolutely stands behind their product. If I could rank Anker, I’d give them 5 stars. I will continue being a loyal customer, and would recommend anyone to check out their stuff! I ordered multiple Anker Qi chargers for my iPhone X. One stand style charger, and this one for my nightstand. Unfortunately as another reviewer wrote, when waking up in the morning, this charger caused the iPhone leather case to stick to the charger and damaged the case when separating. Unplugged and immediately set up a return. Pretty disappointing.
This item just doesn’t work.  There’s a little blue light that glows when the item is first plugged in to indicate that it’s funcatuonal and glows when you place your phone on the unit to indicate that it’s actively charging. Right out of the box it would glow when plugged in and sometimes charge the phone, but in between charges it would die. I unplugged and replugged to get it going again so it would charge the phone. Recently, it started dieing during charging: it glows when I place the phone on the unit at night, but the next morning the unit isn’t glowing and the phone is 10% charged. Don’t waist your money.
I really am glad to have this on my desk at work to use with my iPhone 8.  having wireless charging is such a nice feature that us Apple fans can finally enjoy.  Unfortunately, my PowerPort pad didnt come with a MicroUSB cable which is a big bummer for me as an Apple user with a plethora of Lightning cables but very few microUSB.  I hope I dont need to charge my kindle anytime soon....
Just bought this and a new plastic case for my iPhone 8 Plus. Will only charge if I take off my new case. Not sure how it works through an otter box per a previous review.  Debating returning it, not sure I want to take my case off and put it back on all the time.
I bought 2 Anker’s for my new iPhone X because the description promised fast charge. Very dissapointed that it doesn’t charge fast at all I haven’t even opened the other one.. also it noted it would be free shipping but was charged about 8 usd for the shipping
Dont listen to the few negative reviews out there. This is a great wireless charger! I am amazed how well it charges my iPhone X. Anker always has good stuff - this is no exception. I ordered 4 already :) Clean packaging and simple to use. Definitely recommend! Update: Unfortunately I have to change my review. This wont affect everyone, but it did me. If you have the Apple Leather Case, this pad will heat up and stick to your case. It ripped some of the leather finish off my case. Needless to say, I have returned these and switched to the Anker Wireless Stand instead - that works much better if you have the Apple Leather Case. Update 2: Anker reached out to me and made it right - what a great company. They wanted to replace my Apple Leather Case but I had already disposed of it. But they still offered a $25 Amazon gift card to make it right.
This is NOT a good charger.  Have a thin protective case on my iPhone X and it charges intermittently. Will look for another product - this is "garbage". Anker was quick with responding and quickly fixing the problem by sending a replacement that is working so far.  Their customer service was very eager to resolve the problem.  Thanks to them,
Worked for only one night. Not charging my iPhone X anymore and blue LED keeps flashing. I tried removing my silicon case too, no luck. Disappointed in the product.
Convenient that you don’t have to plug in your phone but Charges slower then my other chargers.
Since they dont come with the wall adapter so i have to use my own from my iPhone, when it charged the adapter got really hot and you can smell like the plastic is melting. This morning when i look at my phone and it didnt charged because my adapter burning out. Totally waste money and also i lost my apple wall adapter. I totally dont appreciated that and dont waste your money! Return it back to Amazon.
Stopped working after 2-3 weeks. When placed down on the pad it now will initially say it is charging, then disconnects and reconnects continually, without ever raising the batter percentage. Have tried my iPhone 8 on other portable chargers and it works fine so I know it is not an issue with the phone itself. Very disappointing as it was perfect for what i was using it for until it stopped functioning.
it charge my phone very slow
Ok, the product does charge my phone, and for that it gets the 3 stars. I also have a lot of respect for Anker and know they make quality products. But I have to deduct 2 stars due to the frustration factor and room for error inherent in this design. I have this next to my bed. I have to place it just right in order for it to charge and the slightest movement will cause it to shift and stop charging. Two days in a row I have woken up to a phone that isn’t charged because I guess it got slightly bumped on the night. Meanwhile, we bought 2 of the Anker chargers that the phone sits up in and those rock. I would highly recommend those instead. UPDATE: Almost immediately after my review posted I received correspondence from the seller and the issue has been resolved. As I thought, this is a great manufacturer and seller, you just need to take into account your particular needs with the type of charger you buy. I definitely do recommend Anker whatever design you choose.
It worked fine for a couple of days and now it won’t work/charge my phone.  Would have given it 5 stars when first received but not now.
Most of the time Doesnt Charges My Iphone 8 plus. I have to unplug and plug it again. Charging speed is pretty slow.
Anker sent a replacement at no charge. It works great if you dont have an app running like music or white noise, but it wont fully charge if they are running.  Must have a 3.0 USB to work properly. It doesn’t come with one.
The charger worked for my iPhone 8 when I removed it from the phone case, however this was not for me it was a gift for my dad and his iPhone 8+. His phone would not charge at all it just showed a blue flashing light. I tried researching a way to fix it but could not find anything, not to happy as this was a gift that ended up not working.
Worst charger ever takes hours to charge your phone but I guess it’s a working charger
I asked this charger working good for Samsung tablet.  I had Answer was YES. But Samsung Tablet isnt working with this charger.  Only cell phones.  Also its not faster than as I thought.
Compact. Quality seems ok but it was inop on arrival. Would not charge.  Might be worth it to others but poor quality turned me off. Was able to return it for refund which says something for customer service
This item not working like it should won’t charge or slow charge
Worked great for 6 months, then toast.  It’s been discontinued... no surprise there. Back to using a lightning cable for me.
Have bought many Anker cables (&other products) expecting that if I pay double or triple the price they would stand behind their products. Not true!  Terrible customer service!
First two nights it only charged my iPhone XR 70% Then it stopped working altogether. If I unplugged it from the wall for 5 seconds then plug it back in it would light up and work again. I did this ritual for 2 weeks!!! Then I threw it away and now I’m back to the cord. Save your money.
Purchased March 2019 and June 2019 it died and won’t charge. A new charger should last more than a year.
Didnt charge my phone
Stop charging in 2 months
I got this product a little over a year ago and it worked great for a long time I loved it, until here recently when it began messing up it goes on and off with the charging and because of that it actually causes my phone to lose power. Now I am disappointed because I typically love naked products but now I am going to have to spend a lot more money on a new one.
Doesn’t fully charge over night. Charges way too slow. Original cord works faster. Used with iPhone XR which does have clear plastic case bought with phone.  Case could be impeding the charge. Have not experimented to determine this as case removal for charging is not an option. Would not recommend if your phone has a case.
The thing was awesome until it stopped working, out of the blue. Had it 11 months.
I really enjoyed this charger when I first got it. I used it for a couple of months and it worked great. I then went to college, so I left my charger at home. When I finally got to use it again, it didnt work and still doesnt. The blue "on" signal glows for 2 seconds when I plug it in and then it completely turns off and the charger doesnt work. Ive tried different cords and wall blocks, but I always get the same result, so its definitely the charger.
After buying two of these just over a year ago. One unit has stopped working completely. You have to align the phone in the pad correctly. But now one of the pads does not work. I’ve been very pleased with Anker in the past, but now my opinion is changing.
When I place my phone on the charger the LED turns on and the phone (iPhone XR) shows that is charging. It was on the charger for hours and was still loosing battery life.
Terrible. Company should be called Yanker. Bought these to give as gifts.  Now I have no friends.  But seriously, doesnt perform as advertised.  No one had any like getting these things to charge anything.
I took this on vacation with me. I am starting to notice if the surface I place it on is even slightly slanted the phone falls off center enough to disengage the charging process. I have to place something on top of the phone to ensure it stays in place. Not that happy.
Worked great for 3 months then just died completely. I thought this would eliminate the need for buying new chargers all the time. I was wrong.
I bought two of these: one for my desk area and one for my living room end table. These work most of the time and reliable, but they do charge a tad slow compared to other brands. My phone sometimes would signal it was charging, but twenty minutes later I would discover it stopped charging. I tried with my phone case off, and the issue would still happen occasionally. My guess is the slight buzz from the notifications slightly moved it out of the charge area. I recommend this charger for traveling or a secondary charger for a desk. I would not recommend this for you if you are looking for something to use regularly or charging your phone over night because of the random instances the phone stops charging. I have only used this with iPhones.
It dors not fully charge phone. Will lea e phone on pad all night long will only get between 80 to 90% charge. Will use a TYLT single coil wireless charging pad and phone charges in about 2.5 hours.
Had this for about 3 months before it no longer worked anymore.
does not charge the battery to the end on Xs max
C+
Does not fast charge with my Galaxy S9. I have tried multiple power plugs, different USB cables, and outlets with no luck.
This worked ok until it just completely quit charging.  When it was still working it was somewhat sensitive about where and how you placed your phone.  There were some nights it appear to be in the correct position but in the morning Id find out it hadnt actually charged.  But I will say not having to plug in a cord has its conveniences, but you cant just throw the phone on it and assume its good.  Ill try another brand for my next cordless charger
