Love them,
Love them
Only product that fits my ears. Love these.
Love these Apple AirPods.  I like listening to music on it. I can walk to the garbage and still hear the Apple AirPods from there it’s a far distance but but it’s awesome.
Great
Excelentes.
The best worth buying
Real and Original Apple airpods first generation. A really good sound quality as ever. Quickly delivered. Not a good piece if youre looking for total isolation with noise cancelling. Call quality is great and easy to connect with all the devices.
my mother loves them
Wife was very happy with the gift and she is not an Apple person.
Sound good
Over priced.
These Apple Airpods are amazing. The sound quality is excellent! BEWARE: They are so comfortable you hardly know theyre in your ears. Lost one in the first 2 weeks. 
I lost the charging case on a flight, definitely keep an eye on your airpods as it is easy to lose. I also recommend getting a key chain case for air pod charging case so you dont lose it and it stays scratch free.
It is what it is
My daughter saved up her money to buy these. This was the best price we found.
Love the fact I can listen to music, talk on the phone, and accidentally wash them in the washing machine...twice and they still sound like I just took them out of the box for the first time.
airpods are amazing! not only are they great and quick to use for music, but if a call comes through, the quality of the sound and the clarity of the other person is wonderful! the battery life is superior to other bluetooth headphones i have tried, and they charge pretty fast! theyre also easily transportable!
I love it!
Best thing I could have bought my son. Or at least that’s what he say!  Wish I could keep them out his ears.  He has a hard time hearing me calling his name...purposely I’m sure!
Normal AirPods as expected, on sale for great price at the time I bought them. They fit well and have good sound quality.
At first I didn’t want to buy the AirPods, because they were so much compared to the other ones on here, and they’re not even wireless, but then I got them and decided that they’re completely worth it. Charging the AirPods alone is very fast, but charging the case is a little shower. One thing is that it’s not completely noise cancelling, but it’s pretty close (probably wouldn’t be able to hear someone calling your name unless you focus). Also, I checked out the serial number just to confirm that these are 100% real and they are! Buy these!
Got these for my new-grad daughter as a gift. Service was great and she loves them.
good
My son loves them
Great buy
Was a gift for my son and he loves them. Battery lasts over a day and he doesnt have to disturb me to watch things on his phone.
Great value
Just what I hoped for
Great product!
There great
Very happy with the product
This is a great product. EarPods are always charged.
Great product, would definitely recommend. Good quality sound.
These are really good headphones but after having these for about two months the right ear piece seems to go dead after an hour and now you have to put them in your ear just right for it to connect
Initially had issues keeping them in my ears until I found out about the AirPod trick online.
There are great and I love them!!! Able to wear them running, working, playing basketball and no issues..
Best Purchase
Best wireless headset ever
Love these Apple AirPods!!
best head phones ive ever had
Great sound
A+
Use them almost everyday.  Suprisingly great sound
Super useful, however can be misplaced easily
Always wanted a pair finally got them and can’t be happy enough!
A+
Bought them for my son and he enjoys them. I know the sound is great because when he have them on he cant hear me. The sound is clear and I can hear him clearly when he talks on them.
My wife loves them
I would definitely recommend these.
I tried a "knockoff".  Didnt work.  So, I bought the real ones from Apple.  Wow - instant connection, wonderful audio range and they park in my ears like they were custom made.  Just dont tell your spouse what you paid.
Bought as a gift for my boyfriend. His new favorite thing! He is very pleased with the quality.
Son enjoyed his gift
They have a great Siri feature
Great battery life and flexibility of independence. Awesome.
These are a live saver when it comes to conference calls. Great sound quality for music too!
I really like these airbuds. They connect seamlessly and work as advertised.  They are not noise cancelling so sound pollution is kind of an issue if you are worried about that. I don’t mind being able to hear if I’m about to get run over by a car! Lol
Quality
Genial, funcionan muy bien y el sonido se escuchan con tremenda calidad ...
As long as youre purchasing the product from the Apple store on Amazon, you will get the authentic product. I love my AirPods. They charge so quickly, hold the charge for a long time and the sound quality is great. Definitely worth the money!
Love the ear buds, they fit great in my ears with out falling out. The sound quality is very good. People can hear me clearly.
Love this product. No longer are the days I walk and my headphones get caught on door knobs or get in the way.
I got this for a close friend and she says they work well and there haven’t been any problems.  I’m very grateful.
Great
They sound good they don’t fall out but people can hear the music your listening to when the volume is half way or higher
Awesome but very easy to lose.  If you fall asleep wearing them they fall out and you wake up missing one or both and find they are lost. Fit is not great in my little ears and I even had to developed a callus in my ear to keep from having a sore. But they work great and I love them when I have them and they’re not lost. A PLUS a lot of people don’t know. If you have “Find My Phone” turned on, and you misplace your phone in your home, you can put an airbud in your ear and say, “Find my phone.” And it sends a beep from you phone that increases in volume until you find it and turn it off. Also works the other way - ask Siri where your airbuds are and she’ll tell you. Best feature I know!
I loved this product
Genuine Apple product... Of coarse it works great
I really enjoy listening to music through these. Having no cords to deal with is an added bonus!
Nice
Very impressive one of the best buys for me I love the hands-free feature  Amazing
Muy buenos
Quality of sound is very good and good battery life.
I bought this for my daughters birthday . She loves them , they came super fast and the price was perfect. They are easy to use and startup was quick .
I Just love them!
Couldnt ask for much more, sound quality is excellent, good battery life, and they sync instantly to your iPhone. So easy to use.
My kids love it. Great device.  I would buy again
My son is absolutely satisfied with this product!
Only have to charge once a week on my way to the gym. Good quality. Authentic apple product.
These truly lived up to my expectations. Superior quality and comfort. Worth the money.
Great product
Works Great Love my Air pods, wish the battery life was longer get around 5 -6 hours
Bought for teenage daughter. She enjoys them and they last 4-5 hours or more
Easy use, no background noise
Based on mixed reviews I worried that I’ll receive either used or knock-off AirPods. Happy to report that I received new, unused and authentic AirPods. They’re great.
Purchased for my DIL - she was delighted! Best bday gift ever!
Earpods are great and extremely functional as a supplement to your iPhone. Price is questionable, but its an Apple product.
Genuinely very nice headphones.
These things are popular because of their convenience, wireless capabilities and small size. The sound quality is similar to normal apple wired headphones which is OK. By the way if you get this with android you recommend you download the app "airbattery" itll give you an experience similar to an Iphone
Great product
Nice
My mom got me these as a gift and the right ear plays louder than the left ear. Why?
I have not stopped using them since I got them
Great investment
Brought for my grandson  he love them and he wears the when he plays basketball
Bomb
I use these headphone around 5 hours every single day. From musical and conference calls all day to exercise (running, weight lifting, bike riding, yoga, Lime Scooters, etc.) and meditation - these puppies to it all! They charge so, so fast (and ive had them for 9 months now)! They also transition bluetooth devices very easily. I have to move from an iPad to iPhones(s) to a Mac multiple times a day and the AirPods do this in about 5-8 seconds. This is multiple times better than other wireless headphones/devices ive tried in the past. Cons: sound quality could be better, but its still really good... it just not BUMPING. AirPods (along with all Apple headphones) fall out of my ear when I workout. To fix this, Ive purchased the little rubber pieces that go over the AirPods. This fixed my problem 100%. I could run into a wall, full force, with those puppies in. Although Id be definitely be unconscious, I guarantee you the AirPods wouldnt fall out of my large lobes. Any way... these are a must purchase. Im not rich, but AirPods are worth the price! :D
Fast delivery my daughter loves them very pleased
My teenage boys both wanted a pair and after listening to the sound quality of theirs I order myself a pair as well. The sound is great and they stay put very well.
I recently purchased a set of knock offs air pods due to the cost advantage and they were terrible. I decided to go with the Apple air-pods because they are the Boss of Technology. I have never been so pleased with a product. Easy to pair & amazing sound quality. They immediately turn on as soon as I put them in my air. It actually detects that. I use them during my workouts and outdoor running. Phenomenal!
I love my new AirPods tunes out all the noise behind me
Great product! My son tried a knock-off pair first and they were trash. These work exactly as advertised. I was worried they wouldn’t fit in his ears well but he loves them. Money well spent!
They meet all my expectations.
I,love it
What can I say they are Apple!  No complaints.
I mainly use the AirPods for going to the gym and going from place to place. The airpods are very pricey, but feel of supreme quality. The case is well built and has a satisfying snap whenever you close it or put there airpods in as there’s magnets. For every day use, airpods are much better than any conventional earpods as they are quicker to take out and start listening, as they automatically connect to your phone so you just put them in your ears and press play. They’re also surprisingly static in your ears, as even when I’m biking as fast as i can they don’t so much as move in my ears. The sound quality is nothing special, so if that’s what you’re after most other earphones are just as good. Overall, airpods are great for daily use as they allow a very quick transition between listening and not, and they are very firm in your ears.
My son loves them.
these are real APPLE airpods. i was so scared to buy them because i was reading a lot of reviews saying they were fake. they aren’t! i would put a pic but i am in the car. love themm
Great for gym and use it all the time
Delivered as expected. Great product
Good headphones, although I work on a lot of construction sites and the magnets inside the case have attracted a lot metal fragments to it and has created this black stain that I dont know how to remove
They work perfectly, just not big on the price.
As my subject suggests, I’m so very pleased with my new authentic apple air pods. I was a bit hesistant at first (after reading some of the other reviews) but I decided I’d purchased them anyway. Delivery was faster than expected; the original wrapping was on the package! But most of all, it paired seemlessly with my iPhone 8 Plus. Truly authentic! Sound Quality - 100% Noise Cancellation - 100% Thank You Amazon! 
La batería no le dura mucho, se salen con facilidad
This was a present for my 15 year old grandson he tells me everytime he see me Gama this was the best gift I got
Great earbuds, have another pair not from amazon. This order was damaged enroute so going to wait for the next version to come out in a few weeks.
Working out
Great item, love them!!
what a great, intuitive, and non bulky item!
Sound
Flawless it connected very easily and had no issues connecting to each other or sound quality I would definitely get these
They worked great! Clean, good battery life, basically like new.
This was a CHristmas gift for my son and he loves it. He is always wearing them and said it was the best gift he got. The air pods shipped quickly and we had no issues.
AirPods have a great sound. Another quality Apple product. What I dislike is the price.
The best
What can I say - they are AirPods.
My daughter loved them
These are awesome
These are amazing, if you can stomach (the admittedly steep) price of $160 they are amazing! As soon as you open the case they connect and you can start listening
The battery life is amazing mine never die and I use them all day. And I can put them in my ears under my hair or beanie and professors can’t see them heh heh ~
Perfect! Bought these for my boyfriends birthday. He said this was the best gift I’ve ever gotten him.
Works as it should and as expected.  Second pair we have owned because turns out if you wash them they won’t work.
Without a doubt, this is the best thing Apple makes today.  There’s a reason they’re becoming ubiquitous.
These are a game changer. Going wireless is HUGE. The right pod falls out of my ear all the time because I have a weird shaped ear I guess, so I bought ear hooks on Amazon for $10 and now they are great!
I have now owned these apple AirPods for about a month. I absolutely love having them where as before, I came from normal lightning apple ear pods. These apple AirPods have an enormous number of positive aspects to them that I think everyone should hear. Personally, one of my favorite aspects of this product is how easy they are to use. Anyone at any age will be able to figure out how this product functions very quickly. From the time you take the ear pods out of the casing, they are searching for a phone to connect to and will connect to your personal phone in a matter of a few quick seconds. After they connect to your phone they are ready to use! I also am a really big fan of the ability to use the “double-tap” feature. The “double-tap” feature allows you to customize what each ear pods specific function is. There are many features you can make the AirPods customizable to; Siri, play/pause, next track, previous track. I personally like to have my left ear pod set to play/pause and then have my right ear pod set to next track. The battery life on this product is flawless, I can go days without needing to charge them and even when they are drained on battery, the charging process does not take long at all! The ability to take phone calls and use Siri without having to use your hands or phone is a huge bonus, the microphone that is built into the AirPods is remarkable. One of the simpler pleasures that comes with this product, is never having to deal with that long, annoying cord flopping around everywhere that gets tangled up. It may not seem like a big deal if you don’t currently own wireless headphones, but once you make the switch, you will never go back to having wired headphones. The size of the AirPods is a perfect fit to anyone’s ear, it sits very comfortable and has never fallen out of my ear on accident. Although, with the small sleek design of the AirPods that is a strength while using the product, it could also be seen weakness when not in use because they could be easy to lose. This product is great and a perfect long-term investment for anyone in the market looking.
Love it
Good product
Love them and wish I had bought them long ago.
I love them! They sound great, they fit comfortably, you can get a lot of use before they run low on battery, and they’re very easy to travel with.
Comfortable and the sound is great.
all good
Awesome device. Very convenient. No more tangled wires.
Legit airpods. Work great on the iPhone, macbook, apple watch, iPad, and even non apple products with bluetooth capabilities! Once synced, just open the case and put em on. All set! Only thing I didnt like was that the airpods name came with profanity, but I just renamed them in settings where you can also change the tap functions. Figured might have been refurbished/returned. Not a big deal - Highly recommend! (Keep in mind, for the price difference might have gone for the Airpods 2 on amazon. Also at a steal, but never in stock and I wanted something quick. The differences are minor though. )
Very good battery life when listening to music/podcasts but dies very quickly during phone calls. Only real drawback is the noise cancellation does not work very well.
These were in perfect condition not a single scratch
My grandson like them.
The fact that it doesnt have a cord is very nice, but makes them a little easier to lose.
Unfortunately I am not in a position to review. My purchase was a birthday present for a family member that doesn’t live close by
Got these for my daughter for her birthday after a knock off pair I originally ordered came and didn’t work. Honestly I didn’t want to spend this much on a 9 year old... but the disappointment in her face when the first pair didn’t work made me face the reality that I was going to have to go with the genuine thing. She hasn’t lost them yet so fingers crossed!!
I can never live with out these beside the fact they are wireless and can listen to hrs of music recharge in 15 mins,  having my hands feee makes my life so simple when customers call me and I’m busy with my hands I am never sitting down to take a call so being this mobile is so wonderful for my business.  Wish the head phones had a answer and hang up motion or button.
Good sound quality, so easy to use
Mejor precio que en la tienda
Die very fast
I actually cannot get over how awesome these are. I never thought I’d switch but I had the soft silicone feeling ear buds for years and ended up with recurring ear infections (even with cleaning after each use with alcohol and drying in the case). The hard buds keep my ears feeling fine and I’m going on a few months with no ear infections. Also the battery life is amazing. My old earbuds I had to charge in the middle of my eight hour work day. These last at least 2-3 days!
Great battery life, little noise canceling if none, and sound quality is great.
Great quality and came in very fast
Another great Apple product.
Excelentes y. Omodos
These are amazing
I bought them as a gift for my wife. She uses them at work and they are in her words “amazing!!!” I think she really likes them. She really likes how they stop playing as soon as you remove one from your ear. We are very happy with them.
They sound good and feel good
I’ve seen so many comments saying that they received fakes or used AirPods. So I’m just here to let that one unsure person know that I got mines in perfect condition and brand new. My only issue was the shipping, didn’t take prime so it took 5 days. But I love them!
Really great def recommend
It works great
I lost one pod.
Great product. Would have liked them to be cheaper. Great with pairing to iPhone.
They do everything I expect them to do!
If you are worried about these being legit, let me tell you I was too, and there is nothing to worry about. 100% genuine Apple AirPods. Love them!!! If you’re in the market for them, get them here! With prime is 10 bucks cheaper than if you get them from Apple, plus less of a wait time!!
easy to use
Works good
I love everything about them
Just all around easiest electronic device ive ever owned to use just pull out of case put in ear and they’re already connected to device and power on no having to go to settings and bluetooth and connect taking valuable time away from your life
Hugh Hit....
These are compact design. They went down in price because of next gen headphones were released but in reality the audio quality is the same. They upgraded other features that is not interesting to me. For anyone wanting to save money, i’d Recommend this over the new version. Same audio quality.
These work really well and came with about an 80% charge both the case and AirPods. They are real AirPods, would recommend 10/10.
Son loves these...pricey....
It’s Apple.....is there anything more to say?
Awesome
I’m very happy with them
Bought as a replacement to a pair I bought full price at Apple and then promptly lost in a snowbank. Looks and operates identically. The refurbished model arrived looking indistinguishable from the original. And they arrived a full five days prior to the earliest arrival date the Apple website offered me. I’m satisfied!!
Love em... won’t ever go back to wired earphones again....
Got exactly what I expected!  I had my other pair stolen so my husband bought me another pair.  Very satisfied with my purchase
I like them very much. However, without aid they do fall out of my ears during strenuous exercise.
Amazing sound. I got these for my husband and the sound is great even when hes working.
Bought these for my daughter gave them 3 stars for noise canceling only because she hasn’t figured out that they are supposed to do that.  Once she does (and ignores me) I will update the review!
Very good quality
forget headphones and buy these
Very convenient to use on the go and at home , can talk on the phone with out headphones, good product .
I m pleasured Now waiting for airpods 2
Authentic apple AirPods is what I ordered and that’s exactly what I received. AWESOME!!!
They work great. Honestly, I had a hard time spending them money and thought people looked ridiculous, almost like they had q-tips stuck in their ears, but not anymore. I can tap it to answer my phone if I’m working out which is kinda nice. But most of all I like that if I’m using them to watch a show, it pauses the show when I take them out of my ears. Sometimes I just put them in and don’t turn them on just so no one talks to me. All around totally a great investment. I wish I’d bought them sooner.
I am in LOVE with these AirPods. I was the girl that always got caught up in the wires of my old earbuds and would drop my phone. These make moving around so easy.
Thank you! Great product
All right
was surprised how well this worked for android phone thumbs uppp
These do not slip in my ears and the quality is just like any other apple headphone! Love these and theyre perfect for working out or whatever!
Literally accidentally went through a washer and dryer and they still work the same.
Love them
Well worth the money!!!
Love these AirPods, was able to use my amazon credit card to get some rewards back instead of buying it at Apple.
Bought these for my husband and he loves them. Good quality, sound, battery life and it was cheaper to order on amazon vs in store or from apple
impressed with the design of the product apple has always been known for these attention to detail in their design if apple made this in black it would have been better
I bought these as a Christmas gift for my 12 year old son. He absolutely loves them! They have great sound quality and actually stay in his ears. I was worried about that and about him losing them but so far so good! The only thing I think apple could do better on is the battery life. If used consistently they will only last about 2 hours then you have to charge them. The case is the charger which is pretty cool.
Excellent product
Love it!
Exactly what you’d expect. They are legit Apple AirPods. Box was unopened and wrapped in plastic covering so they were in fact brand new.
Ease of use
Great, except in windy areas.
It came in faster than what it said it would. They sound great and I use them every day. Have not had a single problem with them for the past month.
My daughter loves her airpods
I wear hearing aids, and these are the only earbuds that fit in my ear, and that I can hear
These are great. Another awesome product by Apple. Some slight lip sync issues when streaming media, but depends on what is being streamed. Overall very happy.
Wife loves them
Wife loves them and uses them everyday! Working, Working out or relaxing they are great! So easy to connect!
Love the Airpods!  They dont fall out of youe ear and haVE GOOD VOLUME
Me gusta mucho, buena calidad y buen sonido.
I love everything about this new pair of AirPods. That’s why I gave 5 stars rating. The only issue is that sometime people hear me too far... And I cannot put the microphone. Still trying to learn how it works will post a new review if this is something really bordering me or not.
I’m so glad I got mine before they sold out, the sound quality is overall amazing, and the battery life is surprisingly efficient, I can go about a week and a half without charging them
These AirPods have pretty good sound quality if they fit well in your ears.  For me they are a bit loose so the sound quality is not as good as it could be (like when I press them in tightly).  Since they dont fit tightly they are also not very good a blocking outside sound. They are very convenient however so that kind of makes up for the sound quality.  If I really want the best sound and noise cancelling, I just use my over-the-ear headphones.
Work so well, and no wires to worry about!
Not having any wires dangling or catching on stuff has made this purchase on of the best!  I was pretty hesitant to purchase as I wasnt sure about the quality of sound, how the other person could hear me-not having the microphone near my mouth but i am pleasantly surprised at how well they work. I did try to use them on the plane to watch a movie and they didnt really cancel out any noise but other than that I wish I would not have waited.
Apple products always live up to the quality hype. I just think they are way to easy to lose. Got them for my son as a middle school graduation present and he loves them. Just seems like something that would easily get missed placed. Besides that it’s a decent product, over priced like all Apple products.
die easily
Amazing! I’ve tried cheaper versions and these are so much better. They’re comfortable, easy to use, and I’ve only charged the case once in a month. Worth the extra money!
I dont like: there is no way to regulate the volume without to have looking for the iphone in my pocket or bag. (instead of wire headphones that do have it) I do like: long battery, both the case and the airpods
Works great for conference calls!
I like everything about it , sounds good , my son and I love it ...!!!
Work great
Great wireless option! Super easy to pair and charge. Wish they stayed in more
Just love using them and I can hear very well
Practical and easy
Quick delivery. Love them.
Was a little skeptical before but I am completely satisfied with the purchase. They don’t fall out of my ears, sound quality is amazing, and these are probably my favorite wireless headphones
I LOVE THEM
They are a lot more convenient to use than other wireless headphones. They are not bulky and in the way, which is very suitable for a person always on the move like me. It looks like it may drop out of your ear but it wont unless someone gives you a huge hug which may then knock them out. (true story) One of the things I do is, I wear one at a time which allows me always to have one charged. The sound quality is still excellent with just one. Not a lot of bass but decent for a person that does not find having heavy bass a big deal.
No need to worry if these are real or not. I got mine and they were new and the real airpods.
I originally bought these because I had a gift card for amazon and had been wanting airpods for a while. I read the comments *after* I bought the airpods and was scared that they would be fake and not work when they came. To my surprise, they work perfectly. They at first didn’t connect and when I opened the case they said “unavailable” but I just closed the case and opened it again and they connected and showed the battery of the airpods and the case. I would buy again!
There nice and everything I expected.
I don’t know what everyone is having such bad luck with. I received mine today and they are indeed the real deal. My dogs chewed up my last pair, (will learn to be more careful next time) so I had to order more. I was skeptical at first because of the bad reviews, but don’t let them sway you. Just be sure to buy them new and not used and you should be in the clear. Hope this helps!
They are really nice, but the main reason I am writing this review is to let you all know that the review about the battery instead of airpods is completely fake. Mine arrived, I opened it and there was not an 8 volt battery inside. (shocker right)
Works good. The phone calls are great both ways coming and going. The music is good but the sound quality for the old radio shows is low.
I Can,t get how fast it pairs with other apple product.
Authentic. Brand new package. Register the serial online for a year warranty. A+ purchase.
Amazing quality! (Of course, its Apple) Connected immediately, sound is amazing.  Dont waste your time and money on the cheap ones that arent Apple.  Cheap is Dear.
They fall out of your ear easily
I received completely new Apple AirPods! I checked the warranty code before opening the seal and the year warranty is available! I was able to enter my own date of purchase for the warranty. My AirPods did come with a defect, but I was able to research online and the same thing has happened to consumers who have bought directly from Apple, so I cannot blame this seller. I was able to go in to the Apple Store and they replaced the defects completely free! I would buy from this seller again, ever come the need.
Grate still going strong
Im an female adult and have struggled to find a set of Bluetooth headphones that actually stay in/on my ears--no only are my ears small, so are my ear canals.  Ive tried headphones that wraparound the back of your head and have the loops that go over the ears--no luck.  Everything falls out.  I was hesitant to spend the money on the AirPods but they are worth EVERY PENNY to avoid the frustration and worry of having them fall out.  I am a rock climber and clearly dont want one to fall out of my ear from the wall in the gym--no issues at all.  I wish I had found a review that targeted small ears so Im writing this one to help out those looking for one.
The best purchase I have made in amazon long time ago. Product is great, sound quality is impressive. Original product. So happy with them.
They earbuds stay in my ears very well and the case has a really good battery.
Amazing sounds and cancels out external noise
Love them. Lost one AirPod. Is it possible to replace just one?
Great product
I can go anywhere in my house and they won’t disconnect from my phone, blue tooth is great. The sound quality is like no other. A great use of my money, but I hope I don’t lose them
Legit Apple AirPods. From the reviews I was concerned. But I have had them verified. And they arrived two days early.
You know reading the reviews I was very scared when ordering these air pods and I even wanted to cancel. I’m extremely happy I didn’t get to cancel because I love them. They are perfect and very much so new I would definitely order again !
Love these. I was very worried I was going to  receive fake Airpods, but they are real. They work amazing and are very helpful.
I love these ear pods! They are so convenient and do not have the annoyance of the cord that other headphones have. My concern was they’d fall out but, they securely fit in my ear without that feeling of falling out. The sound quality is great and very clear. I’ve received feedback that it sometimes sounds like I’m in a tunnel when I’m on the phone with someone. Overall, worth the money and I’ll buy an additional pair later too!
My daughter is extremely happy with them. Great product 
Genuine Apple product in unopened box. Paired to iPhone 5 and iPhone 6 easily. For iPhone 5 there is a small button on the back that needs to be pushed.
I love these, they are so good, and definitely worth the price, i use these everyday and i love them sm. they have such good battery life, and the sound quality is great. definitely recommend
good
Air Pods are great. Love the battery life and the size.
This are awsome! They are soo practical! The quality is about the same as the wired ones tbh. They small they pause automatically when you take em out your ears. The technology now a days! -I lost them after a month 
Super headphones
Listening to music, talking on the phone
Amazing. Have used continually for 3 days now and haven’t had to charge. The simplest connection out of any Bluetooth I’ve ever dealt with and stay in very well
Product   The Apple Airpods are a slick and convenient pair of earbuds. Airpods were released on December 13, 2016. There have been a few sales and deals, but normally they are priced at $159. Ideal User   Airpods can satisfy many different types of people. They are a great product to have with you in everyday life. Just grab them out of your pocket and within seconds you can be listening to any music or videos you would like, or even take a phone call. Even though all can enjoy these headphones, there are certain types of users that will get the greatest use out of this product. These users consist of college students, athletes or gym goers, and businessmen or businesswomen. All of these types of people can find themselves with a great amount of time to listen to their favorite tunes during the day. These small, efficient, and stylish earphones can be whipped out and used almost anytime. Positives Characteristics There are quite a few positives with this product compared to many other earphones. First, the fact that these earphones are wireless! There is no small chord holding you back or making you have to reset the position of your earphones every time they get tugged on. The pairing process between the Airpods and your phone is unbelievable. Every time the AirPods will happily and automatically pair each and every time you put them into your ears and will automatically disconnect when you take both out. Second, the sound quality of these earpods. Now, you can by a bulkier, over the head set of headphones for around the same price that have better sound quality. However, if you are specifically looking for tiny little earphones with great sound quality, these are them. This is what really makes the Airpods worth the little bit of a hefty price. Lastly, the design and comfort of these pods are outstanding. Not only do they look very fashionable with their sleek all-white design, but they are as light as a feather. Half of the time when I have them in my ears, I forget they are there. Not to mention, unlike other earpads I have tried, there is no annoying string connecting the two earpieces that flap up and down when I am doing physical activity. Negative Characteristics Now for the few negative characteristics of the products. First, The Airpods do not have the in-line remote that most headphones contain. With the remote, the user is able to activate Siri, skip, rewind, fast forward, or fast backward. With the Airpods you can only pull out one earphone to pause, and you have to double tap either the left or right earbud, only allowing you to choose what setting you would like the taps to perform. Also, most users are irritated with the price of the Airpods. I think they are a little overpriced, but keep in mind you are also paying for the brand name. Overall, I think this is the safest purchase I have made on a product in a long time. I absolutely love my Airpods! I am actually a fan of the way you can personalize your setting for the Airpods. I only need a pause, replay, and a skip button. The remote does not allow you to adjust the buttons to your personal preference. As for the price, it is not far off other well-known headphones brands such as Beats. I seriously suggest purchasing this fantastic product, as I am someone who uses headphones almost constantly. These two small negatives qualities do not measure up to the number of positive characteristics this product produces.
Works great
Son loves them
My daughter was always breaking her cords on the Apple earpods.  Once she got a newer iPhone, she was not happy she couldnt charge her phone and listen to music at the same time.  These cordless earpods solve both her problems.
Love the air pods. I had purchased a knock off and the ear buds were larger and did not fit well. The battery life is great and sound is amazing
They great, of course. Wish I had bought them years earlier. Battery life is fine and they charge very very quickly.
I love how when you talk to someone the volume automatically shuts off.  Great for the gym and it charges fast.
Does it smell like broke whenever you walk in school with these on and everybody has wires
Amazing product! Even for the price of $150 I’d still buy another paur if something (god forbid) happens to my pair of airpods
Amazing product with an Amazing price!
They’re good, the sound is fine, it’s not Beats or anything. The battery life varies, when I use them they drain kinda slowly but recharge very fast. Recommend you get into the habit of charging them when you don’t really need them in your ear because then you’ll hurt your ear......... it still hurts
They are amazing!!!!!
Excelente
I love it!
Apple knocks it out of the park again. only gripe. PRICE is too high! But Im glad I have them now. works flawlessly on my Ipad pro and Iphone 7! great for hands free talking on the phone.
Airpods- if you don’t know now you know. #Cloutgang. Honestly, Apple EarPods have always been the most comfortable fitting headphone, in my humble opinion. They don’t fatigue my ears and their form factor fits my ear perfectly. Sometimes I forget they are even there! Obviously this can vary on an individual basis because everyone has a different ear shape. But, airpods has that classic ear pod feel and holds up to the same standard. I use these consistently for my commute and listen to podcasts. Also, the airpods have held up well after many sessions of lifting and cardio.
I love
I’m always recommending this to everyone ! It’s so convenient especially when working in an office with others. I love you can be hands free at all times. I did not have any issues connecting the device to my phone.
Just i am satisfied.
Overall it’s a good product, I love them! I use them almost every day, so far I have not had any problems with them falling out. They have some cool features that make them easier to use without pulling out your cellphone.
Good
Love these!
The best
I bought these for my teenage son. He had an off brand pair but they were too big and didn’t hold a charge very long. These are way more comfortable and no comparison when it comes to sound. These are awesome!
Best investment ever!!! They’re so comfortable, excellent sound and they stay in place while I run/jump etc.
exactly what I expected love them
Nice could be cheaper
Love These Things Worth Every Penny
Apple product that lives up to the hype. I can’t live without them.
I cannot recommend these enough! I got them for working out and working at the restaurant! They are amazing! They charge super fast, have great quality, and have way better distance than I would have thought! Honestly they are amazing no matter what other people say!
I got these in December. I walk alot and go to the gym so they were more functional than the traditional kind. I like the fact its cord less, dont like the fact tho the battery last about an hour-hour and half. Its not comfortable in my air maybe my ear is to small but one drop and i was able to but it back together and it works well. Another drop in the sink and i was able to get the water out of it and that one works well still. Over all its convenient to have them.
The sound quality is very good for this size ear buds. It’s so nice to be cordless you’ll never want a corded headphone again.
Music
I didnt know I would love these as much as I do. I wear them when Im gardening, grocery shopping, walking the dog, at work... everywhere. I was hesitant to buy them because while I have drunk the Apple-branded Kool-Aid; I consider myself a savvy shopper that didnt need $100 headphones. I am now bathing in the Apple Kool-Aid and the water is fine. :)
Its Apple!  Everything by Apple is Great!
Love this item and not having to have the cord connected to phones give me more mobility and not having to be right by phone.
Ive had these for a few months and I still love them as much as the day I got them. They work VERY well and fit my ears just right, which means a lot to me as my ears are smaller and its hard to find earbuds that work for me. They arent the best at noise canceling, but theyre earbuds so I didnt expect them to be. They do a pretty decent job at it, at least. The battery life is by far the best of any wireless headset ive ever had, and I love that the case charges the earbuds.
Love my AirPods so much they never leave my side.
This is product was purchased as a gift for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  In fact, i rarely ever see him without the air pods on.  He says the quality is crystal clear and the battery life is long over 8 hours. He does not have an issue with the pods sliding or falling out of his ears...ever!
These are so easy to use that Im actually motivated to find music or podcasts to listen to and get outside with them. They came promptly in perfect condition. Highly recommended!
I love them
Authentic but sometimes doesn’t connect , overall pretty good
This AirPods are amazing! And there not fake. Don’t listen to the people who are saying there fake because there not.
Purchased these AirPods for $147 on Amazon. I called Apple Care and read off the serial number on the side of the box as soon as it was shipped to validate authenticity. Sure enough, these are LEGIT AirPods! I was totally willing to risk this purchase, because if they were knock-offs, I would have just easily returned the product. My AirPods arrived next day and literally connected seamlessly without any issues. Great experience and I would definitely purchase from this seller again. Highly recommended.
Very clear sound, even while walking and talking
Love these
The sound is incredible!! Ive only use them for one day to workout but what a difference compared to my old earbuds. They also fit in my ears perfectly
I was scared to buy them because of some of the reviews. So I did a lot and I mean a lot of research and I made sure It says sold by amazon and says that the product is from Apple (top left) and I made sure to check if it was authentic before opening the box !! Very important if need to return and I also checked the charging box and air pods numbers they have to the box to make sure they weren’t different parts . They where sealed they where not used and Where really easy to pair which I’m happy of . Right now I’m still trying them out and stuff but so far I love them ! Please beware with anything you buy it’s a gamble but with a lot of research I’m sure it would be very very rare for you to get the wrong things.
I don’t know what some People are saying but these ARE real AirPods. Their amazing. Sound quality is amazing. It’s one of my favorite apple items.
Came exactly as described.
There are a lot of things about the AirPods that arent ideal. For instance the noise cancellation sucks. You need rubber bits to put on the top. Thats an easy fix. It also doesnt pair as smoothly as youd like. sometimes i need to open up the case again after placing the airpod in my ear. Not a big deal. Also I always get the feeling that if I sweat too much while working out then the AirPods will stop working but they never do. BUT... these are far greater than anything out there competition wise from BOSE or VAVA or SONY. Theyre just excellent to listen to. They are EXTREMELY comfortable. The range is crazy. They never drop out. The battery life is great. Nobody can match AirPods at the moment. For that, I give it four stars.
I needed to order 10 of these for my boss to give out as thank you gifts to our clients.  However, I was only able to purchase three of them.  That was very disappointing.
Gift for my daughter. She loves them.
I liked that they came in a nice safe package, and that they were real and working
I have no dislikes about these airpods, I vibe to my music anywhere, and some people never notice! 
I wear these for daily hiking and they are superb. I ordered many cheaper $30 sets, none of which worked properly or at all. These work perfectly always, hold charge for many hikes instead of just one hour like the cheaper ones. These are expensive but the only ones that work and I wish I had ordered them at the beginning. They are SO easy to use, the sound quality is fabulous and they are 100% reliable.
Charges fast, but can fall out easily.
It’s earphones with out the wires. What more do you want? It’s really great and convenient for someone who hates tangled wires and wires getting in the way. I could move around easy without having to worry having my music cut off .I would give it a 9 out of 10 because sound quality is the same as the ones with wires. 
I mean the title says it all. If you think im sketchy or something Im not. I was actually scared if I would actually receive mines too but when I got mines, I was so glad that they were actual airpods and Im very satisified with my purchase!
Good item
Great product.  Haven’t found anything to compare to the quality
Sound quality
Amazing quality. Best in class excellence!
I had my GF video of me opening up package.  After reading numerous reviews of people getting fakes, rocks, etc. I received the real deal!!  The review commences. I opened up the case and went to my bluetooth settings. It immediately saw them and paired effortlessly!  I love that you can customize the double-taps of each side. They fit in my ear. It seems that they will fall out, but they don’t. I listen to Dubstep, so bring on the bass!  I put my fav song on and it handled the rich, deep bass perfectly. You can rename them and see individual battery levels of the pods and case. My GF loves, loves them also!  I am ordering a second pair for her. No complaints here. Quality product. Full-range sound.  They are pricey, but worth it not having to deal with cords or bulky headphones.
Everything is as positive. A little worried I might lose them out if the car but the y are great
These are legit, you may be worried of being scammed but this is the real deal. Mine arrived and I was super worried of being scammed but they came in real Apple packaging and were actual Airpods.
great product
I like it
Great product.  Would love Apple to come out with noise canceling.
I have had air pods for more than a year now and have never regretted my purchase. Air pods are perfect for anyone. They don’t fall out as you’re running, and they’re nice for any student that wasn’t to carry around a pair of bulky Beats around. They aren’t water resistant but having them case may save them if they do end up in the water. The price point of $160 is relatively cheap for a pair of headphones nowadays and they are so easy to setup and use. They barely feel like anything is there, and they still provide great sound quality. They work with all phones, so if you don’t have an iPhone don’t worry about it. They work with every device that is Bluetooth compatible. If you have the Apple watch, you can adjust the song, volume and change the playlist all from there, regardless if you’re using Apple music or Spotify. The only bad part about using them, is that they’re small so it can be easy to drop them or lose them without even thinking about it. However, they stay in the ear very well and will most likely not come out unless you intentionally knock it out doing something. The case they come in is also very handy, it’s not only easy to carry around but it charges them too! You only need to charge the case and the charge for the case seems to last more than a day, so you barely have to worry about it. Air pods only come in white for now, but Apple has plans for making them in a variety of colors later on as they keep making them. Waiting for the second generation of these to come around, would be a safe bet since they’ll have time to rework them. I use my air pods daily and have never had an issue with loss of connection or them not connecting at all. As soon as I put them on they instantly connect and I’m free to play my music immediately. Getting them pair is also very easy, the small circle on the lower back is how you pair to other devices, and you only need to that for a few seconds before its recognized. Overall, air pods have made my life easier when it comes to listening to music, they have no chords, no bulkiness and amazingly simple design.
Exactly what I expected! And ships quicker than from apple!
AirPods are noise canceling the person you are talking too is not aggerated by background noise.  There are no buttons to pouch and the case is the charger when you are on the go put them in the case and they will be charged with out being plugged in to a charger.
Best
Great audio quality and comfortable to wear. Only wish I would have purchased them sooner!
Baller status
They are authentic Apple Air pods and are brand new
Grand daughter loves them
Apple Airpods are great and I got a great $10 discount when I when to buy my Apple Airpods
Bought these for my daughter for Christmas. She loves them! Fantastic product!
Great Apple  product
I really enjoy the easy accessibility of this product as I can pop in the earbuds right away, then take one out of somebody calls my name and the music will pause right away. If I walk to class with them in, I can simply put them right back in their case so I won’t lose them, and also charge them at the same time! The design also allows the earbuds to look cool and fit nicely into my ears.
When these first came out, I yawned, even when some of my fellow geek friends got them. Didnt really see a need for them, especially at the "Apple Premium" price. When I found them discounted, I decided to take the plunge. Now I wish I had gotten them sooner!! I think the AirPods are the best, most innovative product Apple has come out with in a long time. They "just work" and have that "magical" quality that all Apple products used to be known for. Great product. Decent sound. The only down side that Ive seen is that they dont go loud enough when Im  mowing the lawn. Im willing to accept that limitation.
Fits in your ear and works seamlessly with iPhone 8
Just like any apple product they are top notch and sound great
It was surprisingly good
Best purchase I ever made these have fell in water, Been left on top of a car roof survived it all and sound like day one and if they die they take less than Id say 20 mins to charge plugged in maybe a bit longer and I get 3 to 4 hours playing music and they last for phone calls and mixed by now going on 14 to 16 hours out of the box. I love them thinking of getting the 2s and giving these to a family member as they have tons more life left
I bought this item as a gift. Arrived on time and worked fine for 6 mo. Audio failed and warranty expired in a month of purchase. Not happy.
Bought for my 15 year old.  She is in love with them absolutely feels as if she cannot live without them.  Great sound quality.  I love that you can separate them and share an ear piece with a friend and that the music stops when they are taken out of your ear.
Amazing
The work very well. I have only had them a couple days so time will tell.
Sound is great and fits well into my ears without getting ear infection like other earplugs do. I wish there was a volume control
Outstanding connectivity. Good sound. Falls out of ear easily but can be remedied by aster market silicon ear hooks. Best battery life I’ve experienced in a blue tooth headphone
Muy buen artículo
I wanted airpods for the longest time but kept telling myself I didnt need them and it was just an impulse want. I finally brought myself to buying them and I couldnt be happier! they work great and I love them.
Great
Worked perfectly! Worth the money.
Great
I love it
Use it everyday.
Great!
Work well but would not consider noise cancelling
Can’t believe I went without these for so long! They’re amazing! The real deal and worth every cent!
Doesn’t noise cancel at all really but if you listen to anything loud enough I guess it does. Fun product, easy to lose if you’re not careful and definitely not worth almost $200. I’d recommend spending a little bit more on some better quality headphones but if you wanna look like you have money and be instantly recognized as “that guy/gal” then go for it.
My daughter loves these
Love them!!
It was a present for my daughter. She loves the apple AirPods. She doesn’t have any problem with them and she uses it all the time.
Was a gift so Im not sure about bass quality or the other mentioned features.
Sound is great, only have to charge them once a week.  A little too big for my ears but that’s personal issue not iPods.  If you have small ears they will hurt a little.
Really love how long they last on one charge.
Good
like it
Ok
While I do enjoy the wireless headphones, my ONLY complaint is that they do not fit as well as I would have hoped. But thankfully I was able to find little plastic tips that help keep them in my ear without falling out. With that being said the sound is still great and I enjoy using them.
Love the product
BEST GIFT EVER for my daughter!! She has never enjoyed a gift as much as this(other than her phone maybe lol)
Purchased for my wife. She loves how well it operates. Good product. Well made
Good product
Item as described, came quickly, no problems, thank you!
I love it
Sounded mumbled to other people
Received on time - brand new - in use 5 minutes out of the box. Thanks!
I was at first extremely scared of purchasing these airpods, but when the they came. I was glad to see their authenticity when connecting them and searching up the serial number on apples website. These arent the best for making callings but very convenient for listening to music.
My niece loves them!
Love them
Bueno
2nd set but just cannot keep them in my ears
I like how small they are and easy to carry around in my pocket.
These airpods are definitely authentic. I love them so much! It’s so easy to connect and use. Once you take it out of its case and put them in your ears it instantly connects. I highly recommend! 10/10
I was very skeptical when ordering. half of the reviews were good, half were bad. so i decided to give it a go, and they’re awesome!! 10/10 would recommend
Really good, i thought since I ordered it on Amazin it was gonna be weird or something but it’s actually real airpods and its amazing.
The audio quality of Apple AirPods are literally off the charts. If you listen to classical pieces like me, you can hear the just tuning and perfect ring to every chord. 5 stars without a doubt
Kids wanted wireless buds, theyre happy.
I got these for working out, I was worried they would fall out or break from getting sweaty but they did okay this morning, the left one felt a bit like it might fall out but I might have just been worrying too much. Great sound quality, I like the noise cancellation as well, plus no cords to get tangled when Im working out, very pleased overall.
Even for these wireless Bluetooth earphones for them to be two years old since there debut back in December 2016. These AirPods don’t sound or look dated. These hands down are the best wireless earphones in my opinion. I have an iPhone and MacBook and both connect easily to the Bluetooth without any delay. The charging is fast and efficient for on the go or heading to the gym. Lastly no more cables, I was aggravated with those cables always pulling EarPods out my ear when I was being active which was annoying. Overall, I love my Apple AirPods. No complaints here 
Love them!
Airpods are something I was on the fence about getting.  Once I started using them I knew I couldnt go back to wired headphones. These are legit and even having an Android phone still made them useful and easy to use.  I recommend Airpods to anyone needing new earbuds.
I got these and love them I use them mostly for watching YouTube videos or working out. All I have to do is open the case and they connect! Really easy to use,comfortable and just plain neat. Technology has come so far as seen with the AirPods.
On my second pair.  Pros - comfortable, quick recharge, multiple charges on case.  Cons - easy to lose, battery life suffers after a year, pick up lots of background noise through mic on phone calls. Sidenote:  I ordered a pair of the popular knock off i10 models by TWS.  They are ok but not even close to the real thing.  Battery life is 1/4 or airpods, recharge time takes 4 times as long, right ear bud constantly drops out for a second and quit completely 1 month in. Pay the extra $ and get the real thing
Great amazing looking but girlfriend already lost them hahaha
BEST.DAMN.HEADPHONES
These are legit Apple AirPods I love them these are the second pair I have received.  Definitely recommend these! I don’t believe the negative reviews from others - so I would ignore them. I think they just want something for free by altering the received product - IMO .
Best earpods if you wanna be a true gavat. Everyday I’m gavatting.
My granddaughter very satisfied. it was a gift.
Most convenient ear pods on earth. Buy them when you can, if Amazon is sold out, so is everyone else.
This AirPod were used but the sound is great and I love time compared to the other earbuds for iPhone because the sound is so much better and I dont have to worry about plugging them in and out of the phone and just being able to put them on and the music plays.
Great purchase
I love them. They work great and charge fast. Sound is good and phone calls are great.
Apple AirPods are ideal whether you’re an athlete, a commuter, or someone that simply loves listening to music through earphones. Because of the attractive and convenient design, reliability, mobility, and user-friendly characteristics of AirPods, I recommend AirPods to all smartphone users. Attractive and Convenient Design AirPods own the sleek, modern design that is expected of signature Apple products. They are visually appealing and trendy. You’ll be able to slip your AirPods into your pocket, purse, or backpack using the convenient AirPods case that is included at the time of purchase. The AirPods case automatically charges your AirPods whenever carrying them, and rarely needs to be charged itself. Reliable The ability of AirPods to stay firmly planted within your ears has been questioned by non-users. As an active runner and commuter, I can attest to the reliability of the AirPod’s design. I recommend using caution only if you are completing an exercise that requires an excessive amount of jumping. AirPods allow you to listen to music, complete phone calls, and engage Siri*. Mobile You will find AirPods useful in a variety of situations; for example, you can use AirPods while working out, studying, or walking to class. The completely wireless design of AirPods is beneficial in many ways. For example, you are free to roam while using AirPods without the threat of wires getting tangled or caught. In addition, you are not required to carry your smartphone with you to use your AirPods. The bluetooth range reaches approximately 100 feet, allowing freedom from the bulkiness of a phone while you listen to music or complete a call. User-Friendly Once initially paired with your phone, AirPods will automatically connect to your phone each time they are removed from their case. You are able to pair your AirPods with multiple devices following simple instructions. If you choose to pair your AirPods with multiple devices, you must disconnect your phone, and connect the desired device. To pause your music, you must simply remove an AirPod from one of your ears or firmly tap one AirPod. If you own a smartphone and enjoy listening to music via earphones, I recommend Apple AirPods to you. Due to the attractive, convenient, reliable, mobile, and user-friendly attributes of AirPods, I rate them five out of five stars. *Siri may only be used if AirPods are paired with an iPhone.
Very handy for privacy hearing.
Enjoying them and would buy from the seller again
Use at the gym, never fall out or feel loose.
Says the sound quality cant be beat!
Great product, highly recommend to anybody
Works great, stays in your ears.  Great sounds
1)  I love how fast they charge, but I’m a little disappointed about how fast they lose their charge, also 2)  they don’t stay in your ear very well. I’ve seen that some people sell accessories that may address this but they don’t seem like good options because then you have to take them on and off every time you want to put them back in the charging case. That feels very defeatist to the convenience of these.  I’d like to see Apple come up with a better design that just fits in your ear more snug so that when you are jogging or working around the house they’re not constantly falling out and hitting the ground and giving you a heart attack every time wondering if your “most expensive air buds ever“ just broke underneath you
Best thing since sliced bread. But really there are great, only inconvenience is that you have to unlock your device then open the case to connect.
I loved these. One word of advice do not kee droppingg them. Because if you do it’s a hassle to get them replaced.
Very Sleek and looks clean.
Excellent
Purchased these AirPods for my son. The sound quality diminishes over time and they eventually stopped transmitting sound. However, Apple replaced them very quickly.
Happy with product
Love these
I just couldnt. I cant stand Apple as a company, but they did a really solid job on these. The sound quality is excellent, they are really comfortable, and battery life is great. The only reason Im returning them is lack of noise cancellation. As Ive stated in my numerous other headphone reviews, noise cancellation is super important to me because I take the train to and from work. Well done, Apple. You turned a hater into a lover with these.
Great Apple product totally worth the money works perfectly and pairs well with any device easy to take calls.
Great buy. I use everyday
Best of the best
Buen producto
It is good
Bought for daughter and she loves them.. Works amazing
Good product.  High quality.
The AirPod are very good I love it
Bought these for my husbands birthday. He says they’re so comfortable that he forgets he’s wearing them.
Not for people who want to zone the world out, scratches show easily on the case, and dust gets in the lid; but that could be just where I use them at which is in a metal shop. All in all a good set of earbuds.
Great sound light weight and my wife loves them
these r great
Great for the gym and class!
Airpods have no comparable.  I had a pair and my SO bought these because he got tired of going through $50 dollar pairs right and left (mostly skulcandy).  He’s had them for a couple months and love them as much as I do.  Don’t waste your money on other brands.  I rehabbed a house and basically beat these up and run marathons/exercise aholic with these and after several years, they are still kicking strong!
GREAT
Bought em for my husbands birthday, he absolutely loved them! Definitely a great cheaper route than the normal apple store but works just as great. Comes a lot faster than expected date. Ordered on a Wednesday expected next week came that Friday.
Nice
I love listening to my music with these air pods but just the ones from amazon. I tried my friends from apple and they were TERRIBLE. Only at Amazon you can get a great product for a great price!!!
Great product!
Great for people with iPhones because of the easy connecting. I am yet to try them on other devices, but I’m sure they’ll still work great! The sound quality is the best I’ve heard on a Bluetooth device, and the battery life/charging time is amazing.
A lot better than i expected! quality is top notch and i definitely got my money’s work. i love the ability to control all of the function plus siri! will definitely buy again.
My daughter loves these ear buds! No complaints!
Very happy daughtet
They were a gift and he loves them
Brought them for grandson and he absolutely loves them..however I was disappointed about it getting there a day late! Well better late then never
I received a authentic airpod. Super happy because I only have to pay $147 in total to get the same thing as Paying it @Apple Store. You will receive airpod and lightening. Recommended
I love my airpods. They work well everywhere. I wear them to the gym and have no problem with them falling out while running out sweating. You can still hear noise at low volumes but they will cancel our most of the noise.
People say these sound meh, i find them crystal clear, a lot better than earpods, high recommend this item!
Finally got a pair of AirPods. Its so worth the price. No more de-tangling earphones or having them get stuck on things. They work great. Very happy with my purchase.
Totally worth it
100% airpods no scam
Comes with a charger for the case if you are wondering. I did check the serial number and it is all legitimate from apple. Took approx. a week to arrive (with prime). I hope you enjoy them as much as I have!
I decided to get rid of the uncomfortable cables from the basic earphones and purchased them. Couldnt have made a better decision, two days into using them and as of now I have not found a con to these airpods.
Excellent
You get everything. The AirPods and the charger.
I love them, so happy I bought them finally.
This is great!
I was worried about receiving fake or used airpods because of the other reviews but my order came in two days and that was normal shipping to an Amazon locker. The airpods are authentic and came sealed so it is for sure new. The box itself comes with the charging case, the airpods, and a lightning cable to charge the case. The audio is fantastic and its easy to pair to iOS devices. A TIP: Go to Bluetooth settings and press the i and you can change the double tap feature of them.
great and authentic
Exactly what I was looking for
After reading that quite a few reviewers were sent fake air-pods I was a bit hesitant to purchase these but I was able to authenticate them through apple.com and now a limited 1 year warranty has been applied.
Got these for my girlfriend, she loves them
Super awesome, super easy to pair with Apple devices. Recommend this to everyone.
My teens love these! The battery lasts a very long time, and the charging/storage pod is convenient and protective. Good sound quality and noise cancellation. They even work out with these in with no issues. Highly recommend!
Nice quality of sound and great price
No longer a broke boi
It’s Apple man
Apple did it again! Love the way they fit, they stay in my ear well and they sound great! The only concern is losing them when skiing or snowmobiling so I purchased a kit that comes with a cord to hook the two ear pods together and it works perfect!
Okay, I didn’t want to be that guy that had AirPods, but I was so sick of switching between my lightning adapter apple headphones and the normal quarter inch jack ones and the cord was always getting in the way and was making using them not enjoyable. So I sprung for the AirPods.. You know what, it was the best $150 I’ve ever spent. They sounds good, they work great, you can change what tapping on each side does, they make life easier. As long as they stay in (which mine do) you shouldn’t have any issues. I think they die a little faster than they say they do. After maybe 2.5 hours on the phone they start giving me the “Low Battery” beep, but they will last a while longer after that. For listening to music and video, they’ll last a while longer. I love them. My wife on the other hand, does not. She never knows if i’m Listening to something and she just thinks i’m Ignoring her if she can’t see them in my ears hah. oops
Love!
Fast charging. Real fast. But Make them louder
I like how easy these pair with my phone and watch. But I honestly feel like they should give you a pair of these when I just bought a $1300 phone. I think the new Samsung phones are going to come with wireless earbuds. These are nice but I think the price is over the top. I would just use the ones that come with my phone, but when you’re mowing, it’s really nice to have wireless.
So thrilled with my purchase!
Love these little things , The case is a charger too . I talk on my phone a lot and these things have never had a dead batter yet . LOVE them once your down just put them in the case that way you wont lose them and they are always charged up . LOVE THEM
I am trying to get the hang of them. It keeps falling out my ear!
Works great.  Quick recharge.
Great product. Arrived faster than estimated delivery date. Packaged great just as if walking into the store to buy then. Very durable and so much better than regular head phones. Highly recommend them to anyone with an iphone. I bought them for my son and am very impressed.
Good quality
I bought this as a present and the person who received, even after 7 months, is very satisfied. A bit expensive, but its an Apple original.
It was totally worth it good sound quality I can hear everything when I play my music I wish it was more louder I like it hear my music when its louder and another thing I used to work in a warehouse and when we do packages like this you need to put the bubble wrap in them so it wont get damaged thats really bad for the customer who spends there money and they might get something damaged you need to fix that but overall its pretty good
I would order this again over and over I’ve tried so many headphone wired and wireless def worth every penny so easy to use unlike many other similar items
Best  purchase I’ve made and headphones
The ones I got were real ones
This was a Christmas gift. My son was very happy to receive them. Thy were just what he wanted.
Great product and was as described.  When talking on the phone you hear through both ears.  Sound is fantastic. They are Authentic Apple Airpods.
Best things ever
Invested in these, and have had a good experience. Did have a little trouble with the case not wanting to charge but it started working once I changed the cable I was using. Id say worth it if you use headphones a lot.
Not having to deal with the cords for earbuds has been SO NICE. These have stayed charged for at least a month. I’ve only charged them ONCE since purchasing them. Granted, I don’t use them on a daily basis. I’m still very impressed with battery life and quality.
Great Buy!
Amazing product
Excellent product
The Best Headphones on the Market Most people who buy apple airpods say, “At first I was skeptical of them but now I can never go back to anything else”. Those reviews are exactly what sold me on purchasing airpods back in the summer of 2017, a couple months after they were released. If you’re looking for a product that has a use case at almost all times of the day then look no further than the apple airpods. Personal Uses You can use these headphones just about anywhere. Once you purchase them you will start using them in every part of your life. As soon as you put them on and wear them for a couple of days you realize how many more uses it opens up compared to any traditional wired headphones. I start off my day and immediately put in my airpods and listen to music/podcast during my morning routine. I then listen to podcasts while I drive to school, jump on the bus & walk to class. I then head to the gym later in the day and will run & lift while listening to music (airpods stay in the ear the whole time while running) These are the most versatile headphones you can get on the market! Battery Life You can use them all day if you put them in the case for 10 min a couple times throughout the day, where they can charge. They have such good battery life, most of the time I forget to charge the case because I’m more worried on keeping my phone battery charged. On average I charge the case about every 2 days or so for 30-45min. Only 2 times have I had my airpods run out of battery on me after having them for over 2 years. Ability to stay in Ear A great test for the ability to stay in the ear, is biking at fast speeds. Most headphones I’ve tried will fall out when biking. I bike in short distances at fast paces for conditioning, so when biking at 20-25MPH and dripping sweat I’ve still never had an airpod fall out. My wired headphones cause more of an issue than these. With wired headphones, you would be biking, and the wire would get caught on the seat or on your arm and it would yank the headphone out your ear and then sometimes get tangled all up in your bike. The only time I’ve dropped them is when I took it out of my ear and the dropped it when putting it back into my case. To add, I’ve liked airpods so much, I’ve purchased them for my Brother, Mom & Dad.
I love these air pods!  I listen to my books all the time!  They’re amazing
Its the real Apple product.  I use them just about every day and charge them about once a month
I use them while at work to drown out office noice while concentrating.  Be able to listen to my kind of music without interfering with others is great.
I love how it fits my ears, but it doesn’t cancel the noise very much, the left ear piece is default because it shuts off within 30 minutes.
Ive had these for 3 months and use them almost daily. The sound is good. The charging is easy and quick. Theyre a little expensive, but very good ear buds.
Love them.. do wish they didn’t fall out of my ears tho..
I like the hands free option, would buy again
Love these guys. They do not love the washing machine though:(
Great accessories and very durable.
Love the headphones, small, comfortable, I jogged for like 30 minutes with them in,  did some intense kick boxing work out, they stayed in, didnt fall out, so A+ for the  design ... wireless, great sound.. and comfortable.
good product
In these moments, everything is working very well. Excellent
Love these. Shocked at the sound and battery life.
Great product
These are the best headphones available. Great sound quality and fit nicely in your ear. The cordless benefit of these AirPods is priceless.
Love it
Love it
favs
Are great
This product works great. Bought for my daughter and I loved so much I bought myself some.
Lo mejor
Love the fact that i dont have to carry my phone with me
Once you experience the chordless phones, there is no going back! The annoying part is to remember to charge both the case and the airpods, but the airpods charge very fast. You just always have to keep track of them!
there is something to the plastic that gives it an unexpected grip, i hope it never goes away. Will let you know, excellent quality, in fact its a little too basy or email me hrakabril@gmail.com
Excellent Product
On most days, I spend 25% of my time using headphones for either work or play. I use them for power-walking outdoors and for spinning at home, and I also use them for conference stuff and affirmation courses during coffeetime. I used the Apple earbuds for a while (the ones that come with the iPhones), but the cords became cumbersome after a while. I had to keep my phone on me at all times, and the time spent untangling them, not to mention how they touched my face (headphones and earbuds are quite unsanitary)... I’d had enough. Time to switch to wireless earphones. No excuse not to go hands-free anymore. I eyed the Beats and Bose ones for a while, but I didn’t like the big headphones, and the small bluetooth models looked awful. So I chose the AirPods. Might as well take advantage of the Apple eco-system. Love. These. Sure, they look silly, like you cut off the dangling cords or something, but I love how well they stay on my ears, and the sound quality is pretty good. Is it great? No, not as good as Beats, that’s for sure, but I’m not looking for a live symphony performance in my ears. I was looking for comfort and a great sound. I wanted earphones that didn’t get in the way, and that’s what these babies do. Now I can power-walk in the morning, with the gorgeous sunrise overlooking the seas, with Ariana Grande pumping in my ears (her music is great for exercise). I’m also enjoying my phone conferences more. I don’t have to tug on the phone or chords anymore. Do these replace wired earphones? No. You’ll still need wired earphones for sound consistency and reliability, but the Airpods are the next best thing. They have Apple’s signature quality and no-fuss feel to them. The downsides? You have to clean them often (they go inside your ears, after all). Just use a dry cloth when you do. You also risk losing them. Keep them in their case when they’re not in use — and keep the case in a safe place, like inside a pouch or in your purse or backpack pocket. I recommend them. If you have first generation, you’d have to decide if the upgrade is worth it. That’s where the “all things tech blogger” comes in handy. Watch a fewreviewsand then decide. I give these four out of five Froze Chai and Green Leaf Lattes (Mini’s Special!).
just love my airpods.
My son loves them
This was a birthday gift for my granddaughter .She says they are the best and she loves them!! Thats all I need to know!
Too hard to get out of case
At first I was hesitant to buy the apple airpods from an indirect source, but bit the bullet and went ahead with it. Overall, Im not dissatisfied in the slightest. However, for those wondering if this is the right pair for you, here are a few things to consider: The bass quality. The bass quality isnt nearly up to par with actual headphones like Skullcandy Crushers, but for such a compact earbud, the bass is perfectly average, but not as great as some other wireless earbud counterparts. The moisture wicking. Heres where I found the most problems. To keep my airpods clean as to get the best sound quality, I found it quite troublesome to have to clean my ears before all uses as to keep them clean, with a once a month polish and case cleansing. As for the airpods themselves, at first they seem like theyll slip when you feel them in your palm, but really they dont fall out if you play your cards right and keep your ears dry for the earbud. Noise-cancellation. Depending on how loud you keep your volume varies the answer here. For say a medium volume, you could maintain a conversation with them in with ease, but at a maximum volume it is fairly loud and could be considered moderately noise-cancelling. But sadly no built in noise-canceller Overall, the airpods is a great product for someone looking for good sound quality on an at first questionable earbud, but will last you a long time if you play your cards right.
I like it
I don’t know what people are posting but these are apple and amazon verified these AirPods are awesome they don’t hurt your ears and are great for working out!
Sonido excelente, muy buenos
Excellent product. Authentic product. Sound quality is excellent. Others can hear you very clearly. Did not expect any less from an Apple product.
Not really meant for noise cancellation. Sound quality is what you would expect or better. Great for working out because unless you have long hair and it’s between your ear and the AirPod they won’t fall out
The AirPods came brand new and are legit apple. There was no issue with connecting with my iPhone and so far so good . Day 1 ok
Great sound and battery.  They hurt my ears a little at first due to the hard outer shell but I quickly got use to them.  I added some decorative skins and they work great.
I like this is perfect !
I bought these for my brother in law, he has a Samsung phone but wanted these because of the way they work and look.  They synched right up to his phone, the clarity is amazing.
Very impressed with delivery sooner than expected.  Very impressed with the quality of sound, rich sound. Very impressed with the ease of pairing.  I have tried several other brands and returned them all.  I have to say the Apple AirPods are far superior, much more expensive, but pretty much worth it I hate to say... over priced, but that is Apple. Now, lets see how long they last ! ! !
Very good wireless sound. Super easy to setup and use. Expensive but worth it if you want the best wireless sound. Definitely an Apple product. Same as in Apple store but less $.
I noticed some reviews stating that they were not the official Apple AirPods but the ones that I received are official Apple AirPods. I trusted Amazon because the item showed "Sold By: Apple" and not some other third party. Pros: -No wires!!!!!!! (besides when you want to charge the case) -Fits in ear well. Just like the normal wired Apple headphones. -Case keeps a charge so you can recharge the AirPods if they die although you will need to charge the case once it runs out of battery. -Good quality sound, not the best but still really good quality. Cons: -No wireless charging -So easy to lose now without any wires...lol
Got everything as described. It great conditions
Basically a better sounding version of EarPods without wires. They should also last a very long time if you take care of them.
No more cords when listening to your favorite music!  I wear them on the treadmill at the gym and don’t have to worry about tangled cords. These are great!!
Apple products are always top quality. You can never go wrong buying them.
Great program.
Everything
Amazing product I use these everyday
Apple phone
Works as expected but too expensive
Perfect
Awesome
Great product! Love them
Perfecto
Could not hear out of side speakers
My son is very happy with these.
Wish these were available decades ago. You can walk away from your phone to another room and you dont have to hold your phone!
Everything perfect
I love my Apple AirPods! Im a runner, and they stay in great. Figured Id lose them, but theyre really not difficult to keep up with.
Just buy em
Great
These pods are just fine, had no problem with them so far
Ease of set up and comfort
Good product working I am happy
Product works perfectly, genuine Apple product.
Clarity
I asked for the gift to be gifted and it did not come gifted!!!! Very disappointed
It does the job.
Perfect delivery timing, I love it.
These are amazing! I absolutely love them! Worth every penny!!
Home run for Apple
like everything
Nice
<3
Over all I really love my air pods.I really like how small they are. But unfortunately the noise cancellation is almost non existent.
Love it
Great price through Amazon A++++++++
item works well
love my airpots
I gave away my studio beats over the ear headphones because these AirPods are so easy and convenient. I love that Bikinis charges my pods and you can run with them without them falling out. Do not attempt kettle bell swings or certain plyometric movements as they will definitely fall out, not a big deal though, overall I would definitely buy these again
Okay
People who say they received fake AirPods, don’t listen to them. I received brand new AirPods with a verified Serial Number. The quality is amazing and I really encourage people to buy these.
Están buenísimos automáticamente se unió con mi iPhone
The Airpods 1 and 2 are pretty much the same thing. If you dont need hands free "Hey Siri", then you can get gen 1. The sound between them is exactly the same, and on the outside they are pretty much identical. As for the headphones themselves, they are truly wonderful. They are very convenient, they dont block out sound so you can be aware of surroundings, and they are tiny. So tiny in fact, they are very easy to lose. As for sound, they are pretty good, even better sound than my Galaxy buds. They sound totally different from the earpods you get with your iPhone, even though they look very similar. The open design lets in sound from outside, which I find very useful. I dont feel like I have to push in earbuds in my ears, the airpods just sit there. Also, Airpods work with both iPhone and Android,  I would say these are the perfect earbuds regardless of what phone you have. They are a bit expensive but worth every penny, cant imagine my life without them now.
THESE ARE AUTHENTIC I was worried about these being counterfeit cause of some of the reviews I even contacted support to make sure I could return them if they were turns out they’re not they connect to my phone just like my other AirPods
Great product
The product is great ! I would most definitely recommend this to all of my Apple iPhone friends !
Loved everything about it. Nephew was very happy.
I like them thank u so much
What I liked: It sounded great! It is amazing actually, mostly because it’s integration with apple products. What I disliked: It’s price: Not worth it for it’s price, unless you have the money to spend. I would not save for this unless you really want it. What I used it for: I used it for everything. They are sleek, and hard to notice especially if you have a hood on. So I use it in my classes when I don’t wanna hear what the teacher is talking about.
These are truly AWESOME wireless ear buds, but not perfect. (Obviously, if you want superior noise canceling headphones, buy Bose). On the AirPods, the base is deep and is not distorted and there is no breakup even with the volume cranked all of the way up. I hate bulkiness, especially when even a small design change would have eliminated the issue. I got AirPods to replace the Skull candy Smokin Buds 2 - they were full of issues.  Apple is the leader! Buy these!
They came loose at the hinges and the connection is fidgety sometimes. But they work, I would recommend them because it’s a nice add on to having an iPhone.
Excellent all purpose, good sound, great portability and superb apple features (for those with apple products).
Best earphones ever. Easy to use. Fit perfectly. Don’t fall out. Clear sound.
These are amazing and I just got them for my birthday and if any body is reading this just know that these will be one of the best purchases of your life
They are everything I needed for earbuds. Still wear my Beats headphones, but these are weighted and perfect in my ears. Honestly so glad I spent the money!
Love my AirPods!
These AirPods are awesome totally recommend them, once I used them I will not use any other headphones
Very nice
A-
If you’re so concerned about them being actual Apple AirPods, buy them directly at Apple Store or apple.com or Apple shopping app.
I absolutely love my airpods! The corded earbuds that come with the iPhones usually start to hurt me after 45 mins to an hour. The air pods are much more comfortable for me and they never fall out. I did buy a case for them so I can hook them on my bag and keeps from getting dirt or lint inside the case. Battery lasts almost all day on one charge!
I love my air pods. I use them everyday. The sound quality is amazing and I love how I could name them in Bluetooth. Like you could name them (your name)s AirPods. Expensive but fricking amazing
Case got dirty easily but over all good
Good
Nice
Good
Best purchase i’ve ever made! seriously wouldn’t regret it at all! I would recommend getting a silicon case so if you do drop them it’s a less impact drop!
My 12 year old absolutely loves these. She had to earn the money herself, we still bought them and made her save the money, but they are a great value and we have all enjoyed them.
Buy these. You won’t regret it.
The best earphone so far
First one did not work sent it back and got a new one and I love it
Excelente
Love them!
Excellent! Son loves them! Thx! Fast shipping
Very dependable battery given the case can last me a whole day by switching sides.
Can’t call me broke anymore
Love AirPods works great
Great fit for me.  Love the freedom of not having to deal with wires!  Great sound!  Especially like the ability of pairing to my Apple Watch.
Great sound, long lasting and stays in the ear.
Love these! Got a good price and had gift cards so only paid $80!!! I love not having to stick the cord down my back into my phone in my pocket. Sound is great!!
Didn’t think I would like them but I’m so in love with these AirPods 
Get a little slippery if youre sweating a lot.
My husband loves them
I love them !!! Great purchase.
Great product
Excellent quality
The estimation on delivery was so misleading.  It was a gift & when it says a month away it brakes a kids heart. Please be more accurate with expected delivery dates if possible.
Great product got it fast no issues brand new in original sealed Apple box. I highly recommend buying if I’m the market for new air pods!
Many of the reviews for this product made it sound like they were selling fake knockoffs at the price of real airpods, so to be honest I was a little skeptical to buy them. Once they came in, I compared them to my roommate’s set of airpods which she bought directly from the Apple store in person. They were exactly the same down to the smallest detail. The battery life is great, they merge with my iPhone, and all of the features that only authentic AirPods can manage, like displaying the battery on your screen when the case is opened near the phone, work just fine. Needless to say, don’t worry about all the reviews accusing them of selling fake airpods at real prices. Totally worth the price!
Does not work for gta5
I use these while I work. They are not very good as far as noise cancellation but the sound quality is great. They fit a but loose in my ears but they dont fall out.
Exactly as expected.
Great Earphones
Good sound quality
Easy for travel
Yup... In no way did I believe I could run and expect these to stay put, but they did!  Excellent sound qualit and they fit snuggly in my ears.  I love that the case will automatically charge the ear buds without having to plug it back in -  excellent charge length. The only thing I would change is to have some way to carry the case (an attachment with a clip) and an app to locate the unit and ear buds if I lay it down somewhere and cant find it). otherwise, I wish I would have purchased this product a long time ago!
Love these! Works and sounds great!
Maybe I’m biased but there really is nothing better for sound quality than these AirPods for Apple devices. And the wireless is great for working out. Very easy to use and feel comfortable. NOT Waterproof; if you need waterproof go with a different product.
y’all are making me scared with the one stars bc i just used all my money for this and i haven’t even gotten them
Great product fast shipping
I love them they are 100% real I promise
I use these everyday when I go to the gym. They don’t fall out, they have amazing features, I highly recommend these to anyone! The only issue is that the bass is not the best, but i expected that from a pair of earbuds.
Work just as Id expect :)
issa apple product
wife loves them!!!
Awesome product! Bought this for my son and he loves them!
Amazing in every way. I love having siri in my ear with just a"hey siri" or double tap. battery life is great and they fit your ears perfect its sad to say ive had 3 sets and now only own 3 cases and three pods lol. Always keep in case and keep clean for best sound
After buying my 3rd pair of headphones under $50 I decided to just spend a little extra go for quality/brand. I’m extremely happy with my decision to get a pair of AirPods. They fit snuggly, even during my daily 3mi runs. The batter life is outstanding and the pairing ability is really amazing. I’m a huge fan of these except for the quality of sound. It’s not bad, at all....just not great. The sound is what you get from the corded headphones. Other than that, homerun!
All of the negative feedback, received these beauties today and they were factory sealed and brand spanking new.  I didnt have the time to goto the Apple Store and I work long hours so I ordered these received them in a few days...and cracked them open synced them to my iphone and they worked perfectly...I am very pleased with my purchase.
Worth it
Excellent commercial design- excellent sound quality! The buds fit my ears very comfortably. Being able to check battery levels by simply laying the case on my iPhone is very impressive! Works perfectly with my Apple Watch to answer phone calls and play music.
Came earlier then expected!! My husband loves them 
Great product
Good one
I really love these bad boyz because when I go to take a dump and want to watch a movie while holding my breath, they dont have any wires hanging down tickling my balls!!!!!
My little brother loved it
Love the comfort of this product and amazed when it automatically turns off when you take one bud out of your ear
It’s OK because his Apple product but is not OK because is hurting my ears
Great product
Its like having surround sound right in your ears.
I loved my first pair but lost one of them so had to replace them.  Not really noise cancelling but works great with my phone iPads and Apple TV.  Only one person at a time can use these with Apple TV which sucks. Live in an apartment so like to use all the time but can’t if both want to watch because of this glitch.  I loved them enough to buy my second pair
Really good investment
No cords!
Simply love them
At first, I thought they were fake based on the reviews and I was worried but I still got them. When they came, I was still worried but once I got home they worked like regular ones. I bought Airpods 2 just in case but there was no need. These are 100% real. To make sure I went the serial number checker on apple and they checked out. Got an extra year of warranty on them. I recommend them to anyone.
Love them use them everyday for work
Excellent
I like the color white
Great product they r the real airpods
One of the best purchases Ive made! Love my new earbuds!
Love this item
My daughter loves them...only problem is she didnt realize the charging case was to be kept and threw it away!! =( She now has to charge her pods in my case. Just wish there was a way to buy only the charging case...
Muy bueno lo recomiendo a todos excelente
Super convenient!
I wish I would have gotten them sooner they are perfect and great!!
Excelentes
good
They are about as good as Beats. I like the double tap for Siri. I also enjoy the fact that when you take one of your pods out whatever your watching or listening to pauses, then starts again once you put your pod bsck
i just got them in the mail, they are authentic, and where brand new. absolutely do not listen to the negative reviews, they are false, people are not getting fake airpods.
I like how they still working well atfer months and the sound cut off when I take it out
I love em
good
Birthday gift for my daughter she’s happy
The glitching
Works perfectly
nice
I love them 
The mic’s noise cancellation is amazing. The fit is comfortable the only downsize is I find myself checking their fit and activating Siri... but they charge very quick once placed in the case... I do recommend a case to cover the carrying case/charger the dye from my dress pants transferred to my case. But I love them
I really wanted to love these AirPods, but I suppose I just have strange ears as I did not find them comfortable and they kept falling out and needed constant adjustments. I ended up sending mine back as the left ear pod worked only intermittently adding to frustration.
I was a bit skeptical after reading some reviews on here about them being fake, but these are great! They connected right away, the sound is great, and they work perfectly. Before I opened them I checked the serial number on the apple website and they’re legit and I also now have a 1 year warranty. Easy as that folks!
My daughter loves these!!!
Love them!!
Son muy buenos porque de duran mucho tiempo son de buena calidad por eso me gusta se lo recomiendo que lo puedan comprar para que lo puedan usar gracias
Love it Best one yet
Love love love them... when I’m not scared to death I’ve lost one or the case. They get loose when running on the treadmill. Kind of worried about running outside when it gets nice out. But so far so good. It’s really nice not to have any chords, but it’s also really scary when one drops, or you misplace the case... they’re just so damn expensive.
If you guys are worried about getting fake AirPods like I was due to some of the reviews, don’t be. I had even called amazon customer service before I received them to make sure I could get a full refund if they were fake, BUT I GOT AUTHENTIC APPLE AIRPODS! I even checked the serial number to ensure they are the real deal, everything checked out and the warranty began on my purchase date. Extremely happy with my purchase, they’re so cute and perfect for working out!!!
Bought these for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves them! Happy girl
I like this product
Well obviously... they are 5 stars! Apple makes great products! I was worried my daughter would loose them because of the size but she has had them for several months and uses them daily! Nice sound quality, what you would expect from Apple. I would buy several more pairs!
Like
The sound is great 100% real
Good
Awesome product love the quality of this product
Unbelievable how good the sound quality is!!!
The AirPods are all about convenience and ease of use and to the end they are amazing. Super easy to set up and they mute and play automatically when taking them in and out of your ears. You can also track them with the find my iPhone app which is pretty cool. The sounds is identical to the EarPods which is just OK. I always end up back with my earpods anyway because I lose micro usb charges for other wireless buds or lose the tips for the high end wired earbuds I’ve bought. At the end of the day this is a solid compromise and about the best buds for longevity and usablitity for me.
SHE FINALLY WANTS ME(:
actual product, love it
Item was just what we wanted and it got here 4 days earlier than was originally planned.
Perfecto el producto nuevoo me encanto
I love these! It’s so convenient. Great quality without the hassle of the wire. The charge lasts for about 4-5 hours with music, but if you put it in the case for like 15 minutes you’ll get an extra 3 hours. It’s amazing. Definitely worth the price.
I put off buying the apple name brand because of the price. I originally purchased a cheaper (and I do mean cheaper) version of what appeared to be the same thing. They were terrible. However, when I received my Apple AirPods I love them! They hold a long charge, super easy to pair. I love the fact that if Im listening to something, and take them out, it automatically stops, and then will start again automatically when you put them back in (unless you wait too long of course). My suggestion, dont waste your money on the cheap versions, they are garbage, they fall apart quickly, and youll hate them. Spend a little more for quality.
I treated myself to these for my birthday.  They are fabulous!  Paired seamlessly with my Apple IPhone and the sound is amazing.  I’m still learning the features but they are wonderful!
Like
Nothing
Great fit, sound
Me encanta!!! Son tal cual la descripción
I love my air pods . Great for the office , talking on the go , and the gym .
Easy to connect and Battery last a long time
My daughter uses them daily and loves them!
Totally what i was expecting, everything that was supposed to be in the box was there and im very happy with them!
Great quality, fast shipping
Love them, great sound, super long battery life
I absolutely love apple only for there head phones something about the shape of there head phones sit just right there not like the rubber material that one in your ear gets all sweat and feels gross. Love the products
Perfect
I bought these for my daughter for Christmas. She loves them and uses them everyday. Truly awesome earbuds!
They are perfect
Love them because when I use the ones with a cord they get tangled of fall out of my ears.
Love how it’s small and convenient but hate how the wind sounds go through the headphones
Immaculate and perfect, packaged well
Me encantaron! Originales tal cual.
This time the stuff what I received was new one, and it works very well recently,the stuff is good,and the service is perfect.
My husband loves these, and he is very particular about sound quality. I marked a star off because the first one I purchased had a glitch/short with one ear pod. However, the return/replacement  procedure was very easy. The replacement works perfectly!
Great product
Way better than expected
Love! Love! Love! Life changing!
My son was super excited when we gave it to him for his 15, b- day. Amazing quality and stylish,  super happy about this product. Ups delivery was late, not Amazon fault. Ups sucks
Original Apple product that was just a bit cheaper than other places we checked - and we received within a few days when most places are out of stock.  Works great, especially for a teenager who had to replace his lost Airpods with his own money.
I was given a pair for Christmas and I love them.  Bought these for my wife as a birthday gift.  She feels the same way about hers.  Those she talks to on the phone regularly say her voice is crisp and clear.  Glad I bought them.
I’m so glad I invested in these. No more pulling the cord out or dropping my phone as I go for walks
Apple rarely fails.
Great product
Color was cool
Great product
Sound is clear
Great
these are great and so much better than the cheaper imitation..dont waste your money on the fake ones because they dont come close to these..the fakes are bigger and not comfortable and dont work anywhere near the same.  like siri would say its like comparing apples to well not apples! these are so advanced as soon as I opened the case my iPhone recognized them and they pause as soon as you take them out of your ear . they are very high tech.  you can blast your music and your parents wont be able to hear it! my son loves them! they are actually worth the extra money.
Justo lo que buscaba
Priced too high
Love the AirPods! Especially great for working out! Eliminates messing with the wiring!
Use them everyday when I go to work!!
They were stolen the first time used in public!  Keep an eye on yours!!!
I put these in my pocket and use them every day.
KIDS LOVE!!!
Use these all the time around the house or while on a run outside. Never had an issue with them falling out or coming close to falling out. Great sound quality. Would absolutely buy again
IT SMELL LIKE BROKE OUT HERE
Cant wait to explore all the features on these Pods, they are amazing.  Ive been using hands free earpieces for years, most are terrible, but the best ones cant touch these! Wow!
These must be great headphones and wanted by everyone since this pair was stolen within two months of purchase.
Perfect for making phone calls at home or the office.  I will not recommend for working out because they will fall out. So maybe buy Airpods Ear Hook Grip so they dont fall often.  Seamless connection with your iPhone and Mac.
Work great and stay in my ears
Love them works perfectly
So the reviews of scams scared me but I’m very happy with the AirPods I received. I bought them used so the scratches and lack of a charger wasn’t surprising (the description said it didn’t come with a charger). They work very well and I love them. I like that it has the amazon inspected sticker because I knew that I was getting something from amazon and not a third party. I have no complaints. It also said it was coming from a warehouse when I bought it. Everything is best case scenario for me.
Great quality .The noise cancellation is excellent .Perfect for the gym.Very happy with the product .
Excellent product
Great
These are awesome the nicest and my favorite thing I got
I love them use them pretty much all day!
i love them !! i was worried they were going to be fake but everything turned out to be authentic !! (: , & the sound quality is really clear & the volume can go up pretty loud !!
Has quite a range, as expected from years of using the Apple ear pods. Music sounds good. 2/3 friends say the voice quality is good, 1/3 not so keen on it. I usually use them one at a time, to listen to music at work. I have an android phone, and they work well enough together... if Im patient. I cant adjust the tap settings from the phone, and the pairing takes a moment when I swap the Airpods out from left to right and vice versa. Bought a 3rd party app to keep an eye on the battery levels. I dont really consider them noise cancelling, but I guess they dull the outside sounds a bit, I can use them to tune out noisy neighbors (in my office environment) pretty effectively. I personally would not use them for working out due to fear of loss, but they dont fall out easily unless Im messing with them. Good product, as expected.
Ok
I love these!!  The range is good, and its MUCH better than the cord.
I’m so happy, they came in really fast and they work great
Item arrived on time,  original apple pods.
Nice great shape
Private conversation
The sound quality is awesome
Finally! A pair of wireless earbuds that really work! They are so easy to pair! Put them in your ear, they are on. Take them out and they are off. Want just one in to use for calls? No problem. It took me buying, being very dissatisfied, and returning two pairs of knock-off look alikes.  I finally got smart and ordered the real deal. They work like they advertise. Now, they only work on Apple products which is no problem for me. I love that I can ask Siri to call contacts while driving, etc. I love my Air Pods!
The next AirPods will be perfect, These are great minus the lack of bass. Very comparable to the headset that comes with your iPhone just with the convenience of wireless. The ability to use one at a time is so useful in my daily routine whether at work or at the gym.
these are the real deal. it was sealed and packed very well. i would HIGHLY recommend
great product
I was hesitant on ordering since so many reviews said they received fake. But I got mine and they are real and sound quality is amazing. So happy with this purchase.
incredible, but kind of big for my ears
Best ear buds ever! Long lasting battery life and excellent sound quality.
I wasn’t expecting to like these as much as I do. I use them almost every day and they’ve held up pretty well over the first few months. Sound quality is good for calls and ok for music. Definitely not noise cancelling and you have to be in a quiet location to take calls but they’re so lightweight I often forget that I’m wearing them.
Love them!!
Connected no problem! Double checked the serial number to be sure... authentic!!!
They are real! I checked the serial number.
best headphones ever hands down!!
Battery life is poor for music and audible
When I have these in at work, I can’t hear any of my coworkers talking at all. The battery life lasts my whole 8 hour shift. One time it got low and I put them in the case for honestly 5 minutes and it was up to 42%. I was hesitant about spending so much on earbuds but they are worth it and I would buy them again if needed.
Way better than the price says!
Exactly What I Asked For They Are Amazing
Super
Great quality, they charge very quickly. Sometimes you can feel them moving while walking but generally feel secure.
It was what it was advertised to be.
Real thing. Not rip off. 10/10 buy
this is one of the best purchases i have made on Amazon the the product is easy to use sound is great and the battery has a long life i would recommend this product to all my friends and family
Honestly, I couldnt have asked for more. I got exactly what I wanted, and it came a whopping 3 days early! Good quality, fast charging, everything is exactly as youd expect, just normal airpods. Definitely a good buy! :) :) :)
After viewing that people had been getting fake headphones and even a battery in one box I got real AirPods and they sound good. Recommend this product fully.
I did not think they were going to work well with Android phones. My boys both told me they would. I had my doubts and figured I would be returning them soon as we got them. Turns out, they work incredibly well. Costly, but 100% worth it if you like music, tv, or any of that jazz.
I don’t know how I lived without these before. They are great
The best head phones ever made! I recommend them to everyone!
They are easy to use and small. Love the charging case and that they sync immediately to my Apple iPhone and iPad. Wish the sound was a little better and the noise cancellation is about the same as my Beatz wireless earphones!
Amazing headphones. Can be used for playing basketball and working out
No dislike use for everything
when I claim on apples website, it does not recognize the series number. So could not get the apples warranty. The product itself works great, so I do not want to put one star. so leave it as four stars
Spend the money, you won’t be disappointed.  I would recommend trying the wired headphones that come with Apple products for fit and comfort and base your opinion there before you buy. They are easy to setup and you will have them setup and working within 5 minutes of opening the shipping box.
I love the comfort of the air pods in your ear and size of the charging case. The overall all sound quality is not bad but I have hear way better. The usefulness of them is what gets 5/5 from me. The ability to go completely wireless is great for every day use. The only true negative thing is the short battery life only about 5 hours of straight use watching videos or music. Besides that bang for your buck as of right now I don’t know a better choice then the AirPods.
Awesome, great sound quality
Listening to my music.
I love these AirPods, very easy to install, easy to use and the sound is very clear
Best purchase last year
The clarity of the product.
Very convenient and compact. Good for traveling and commuting.
Great sound
Great product
I bought these for my husband and he loved them.
I read some good and bad reviews and i wasnt sure if i should get them, but its something i really wanted to get for someone and i got it within two days. They work perfectly nothing was wrong with them im really surprised with my purchase! They were amazing!!
I really like these. I wish I would have purchased them a long time ago. I have had no problems with them connecting.  I think that they stay charged along time.  They fit my ears comfortably. A lot of the time i only wear one at a time.  That way I can still hear whats going on around me.
This was the most wanted Christmas gift my granddaughter requested.  Even though I cannot rate the features firsthand I am going to assume "all is well" as she uses them daily.  She absolutely loves them.
We liked the quality of the sound in the music. Dislike that if it’s lost someone else can pair with devise.
I absolutely love these airpods. They stay charged due to easy charge case and they are super clear and drowns out noises.
This product is perfect for me.
No cords is a game changer.  Cant imagine ever going back!
Unlike some the reviews on here, I received normal, apple branded airpods that are fully functioning. The serial number even checked out on applecares website, and I was able to update my purchase date and activate the 1 year warranty without any issue.
Thanks!
Muy buenos audífonos, fácil de usar y cómodos, llegó el pedido a tiempo, completo y es original.
Handi
True defination of a modern day product design
The sound these buds produce are top notch.  Charges quickly and has a good working battery life. Not much noise cancellation, but you know ahead of time these aren’t designed for that.
When I received these I knew these were 110% real! They connected immediately and sound quality was great! Definitely recommend.
I love them
Ive had mine for over a month, and still, remarkably, havent lost one.  I dont wear them all the time, since Im not on the phone that much.  When I do wear for an extended period of time, to listen to a book or music, the need recharging in about 3 or 4 hours.  But the alternative BT headsets either didnt have stereo, or people couldnt make out what I was saying when talking on the phone.  I hate using the corded headsets because I feel tethered to one place.  I didnt wait for the newest model, which maybe would have had better battery life.
Great product
I got these for my son. This is all he wanted, and the price was the best we found at the time. He loves them.
Loved it!!!
my cuzzin love it thanks
My husband loves using as Bluetooth to answer his phone and he says they work really Well
Original
Husband uses them during work and for working out. He absolutely loves them and I steal them all the time  just waiting until I can get some too. It’s definetly worth the price and they really last pretty long.
Amazing
Great product my daughter love this
Very easy to use and pair with all of your Apple ecosystem gadgets. Do it once and then switch seamlessly. Much better experience then with any bluetooth wireless audio devices I ever used. Awesome range, to the point Im forgetting where I left my phone. Battery life is amazing (at first) for listening, good for talking (mic usage eats battery a lot), recharging is supper quick. Room for improvement: implement volume control on the headphones itself (not via siri)
I’ve been through several pair or ROWKIN and Jabra earbuds and none of them compare to these AirPods. If you are debating between other earbuds and these AirPods, spend the extra few dollars and buy these quality apple earbuds. The connection and features are above and beyond any jabra or ROWKIN product. I can tell you this from experience.
These are absolutely great. There is only one thing I wish, for a softer cover I didn’t have to remove to charge
These are pretty pretty good....no they are excellent sound quality...dont even feel them in my ears....great investment if you use your phone alot and listen to music, podcasts etc.
Nice
Great item!
Awesome!
Brought this for my wife. Sound quality is average, but with good functionality.
My daughter loves them
Excellent
No tangled cord, thank God!
Great
I liked it so much
Exactly what I wanted
thanks
My mom loves them
Very good
I use it everywhere. They’re pretty good. The sound quality is pretty good but it’s not like outstanding compared to stuff like beats and so.
Awesome
My mom got it for my kid she loves it
I like I can wear one headphone at a time. It helps when one die out the other can be used.
I love them and used them all the time!
Dont know what else to say, they were for my son who is in love with them.
Great AirPods.  Definitely the real thing. They are fast connecting and sound great. I use them practically every day and have had little to no issues with them. They fit nicely in the ear and have nice sound quality along with base. I use them for work outs and when working in the labs at work. Highly recommend!
Love them so much I use them constantly
Very Nice
Boyfriend likes it.
I was very impressed with them. You just put them in your ears and it sets itself up.
Original apple
These are genuine Apple AirPods. This is a replacement set and it arrived in original packaging.
Sound and work great.
This is the real deal and I recommend you but it if you are a casual listener works best with apple products but highly recommend if you want convenience.
My grandson loves them!
Daughter states they work well
Love
This was a great product, and I really love it!
Works great and highly recommend
Clarity on point
Love them
Good quality very durable
Very simple
Love these airpods. Great sound and great battery life. Love the case makes it so easy to charge back up. Works great with my note 9.
Very nice and useful!
good quality
One of the best purchases Ive made in a while. Totally worth the money.  Easy to sync and easy to use. Sound quality is great and they are very comfortable. Battery also last for hours. I believe it says 3 hours on a full charge. I highly recommend buying this for your iPhone.
Love these just invest in a colored case way too easy to lose these puppies - third time a charm!
These little pods may be small, but enhance your life in a big, BIG way! Hands down, one of the best purchases Ive made this year. Perfect accessory for on-the-go errands, hands-free phone calls, eliminating distractions at work and drowning out your obnoxious upstairs neighbors. My only regret is not purchasing these bad boys earlier. Thanks for continuing to improve my life Apple!
It keeps a battery so well. I take them wherever i go.
I use these every day on my commute, to listen to conference calls at work and while running on the treadmill. I absolutely love them and the sound quality is superb. They easily pair with all my Apple devices and nw I use them with my Android phone too.
My daughter is obsessed with them she thinks they are phenomenal. Amazon had the best price
The best “no string attached” Bluetooth headset. I  worth every peny.
I think airpods most successful item made by apple
Awesome
Totally worth it
These air pods work great , However I believe they were previously used because they  had a someone else’s name come up every time  I would use them , lesson learned from now on I will buy directly from Apple 
great product
Muy buena calidad y se escucha muy bien!
What I expected comfortable small and convenient
Outstanding quality and pricing
Omg I was so scare to order it at first but everything was good
Pods don’t stay in well while wearing earrings. Eventually loosen the longer you have them in so be mindful when bending over lol. Sound quality and durability are great. I love them
I need a receipt for the EarPods I bought
No comment at this time.
Absolutely love these for work!
Awesome sound
I truly love it
I loved that it just popped up on my phone to connect, was easy to see from the phone how much power it had (87%) so I  could begin using right away and not have to charge it up first.  Fits in my ears perfectly, and well, I love it.  Dont like that the price is awfully high, but then, Apple is not known for making products that are affordable.
I love them!
iPods were exactly as expected and work great. They are not noise cancelling so we couldn’t give that a good review. Everything else turned out just fine
Bought these for my son and he loves them
Great purchase
I love these! Sound quality exceeded my expectations.
Love how portable they are, always have them in and they last for a good 3-4 hours before they need a recharge. Recharging to full only takes 20-30 minutes. On the bad side I think part of the right headphone has recently broken so the sound is uneven. I’ve had them for about a month and a half and am fairly happy with my purchase although expensive as hell. Recommend these if you have some extra cash laying around.
I got these for my birthday and I use them every single day! I absolutely love them!
They was good. Had some trouble with shipping but other than that good product.
Get yourself a set of these, please. When you begin using them, you will understand why I enjoy them so much. They dont fall out; they remain chaeged for hours and ate comfortable when in your ears.
Gave to my boyfriend as a Christmas gift. They arrived earlier than expected- awesome. He uses them when he works out (running and gym) and he loves them
Love these air pods! Don’t even realize they are in your ears!
Sound quality
the real dealll. sound quality is what you expect from typical apple earbuds, loving the convenient aspect of the buds
These are great.  Just be careful not to lose them.
Quality product
The apple AirPods are a great product. They provide great sound quality. I have had this for about 3 months or so, and they have never failed me. They have never fell out, and I havent lost them. Apple Airpods are also great for working out. If I were to change one thing, it would be the fact that when you have your volume up high, the person next to you can hear the music slightly. Other than that its amazing!!
My daughter love then.
I really like how these work with my iPhone. They do not noise cancel, but I’m happy with the ease of use and long charge. No more cables to get in the way!
Works great easy to wear
These are hands down the most convenient set of headphones/earbuds Ive ever owned. From the case fitting nicely into my pocket to they way they just seamlessly connect when you take them out of the case, they are exceeding my expectations. Keep in mind, I bought these for what they are: a quality set of truly wireless earbuds. Theyre not meant to be noise canceling and they may not stay put while working out as well as others with a more dedicated purpose to fitness - though these fit my ears great and stayed in my ears well enough during a light jog. I must have a little different taste than "professional" audiophiles...they apparently like no bass to their music. I like plenty of bass as well as "clarity" to my music, and these provide both (though again, the snobs complain about the bass and in the same breath act like Bose sucks ) In my opinion - WORTH EVERY PENNY! **spoken from a guy who tried to see how good the $29 knock offs were (I wouldve still returned those if they only costed $5! Dont waste your time)
Bought these for my niece as a gift, she loves them....
all i got to say is buy them
Alright, I don’t normally write reviews but I felt like I had to on this one. First of all, I was very skeptical about buying this because of the reviews saying they got “fake AirPods” but what I got wasn’t at all fake. Everything was real. I looked up the serial number and it came up on apples website. As for the AirPods, as soon as I took it out, it automatically detected my Xs Max and everything works well. Everything was also wrapped sealed and packaged well. If you are planning on buying these AirPods but scared based on the bad reviews, in my opinion they are fake, because what I got was legitimate. Would totally recommend to anyone.
my girl friend very happy
Love the airpods! Fantastic quality and sound.
Amazing product
The best headphones I ever used. Just put close to iPhone the paring window pops out automatically, everything is done within 20 seconds. When I take out the bubs from box, it connects almost immediately. No bluetooth lag (comparing with my quietcomfort 35). Spend less than bose, worth more than triple.
Awesome
I don’t know why some of people Who received nothing in the box but my package came perfect  and i love it
There were headphones. Then there was airpods. Enough said. But seriously, theyre great. Awesome for working out and working with a single headphone in with no cord.
Was as described
Product worked bought it about a month ago only bad thing would be its better to but them at the apple store to save money and not pay for shipping but over all good
Very high quality!!!
New as expected
Theyre the best! Great sound and very easy to carry.
Great quality. Battery life could be better but I’ve found that if you don’t use them both at the same time and rotate them then they last longer.
Great
I was skeptical at first, but I really got legitimate Apple air pods.  The only real complaint that I have for them is that you can’t pause the music or skip songs, unless you make use of a smart watch or your phone/mp3.
The earphones are very easy to use, the charging is also very fast, the headphones are also very comfortable to use, and the sound quality is also very powerful!
Everything you want/need in headphones. Highly recommend!
I was in a hurry Christmas shopping for my wife. I glanced at the star rating and bought them. After buying I read some reviews and was nervous I wouldn’t get a genuine apple brand set. They arrived. She was happy. I was happy they were legit! Top of the line headphones!
So for starters, I got this 4 days earlier than expected which was awesome. They came and they were genuine apple airpods. They sound great, have long lasting charge and stay in my ear just fine. Really, really happy with the purchase and it was definitely worth the price.
Thanks
Best things I’ve ever bought. Don’t even use my beats anymore. So much more convenient and sound quality is amazing. Literally use these every day for hours. They also charge so fast. AirPods can go from 0 to 100 after sitting in the case for a few minutes. Case takes a little longer but not even that long. Fully charged, these can last about 5 hours of continuous use. When they die, throw them in the case for a few minutes and you got another 5 hours just like that. Probably the best thing Apple has made
Great quality.  Amazon doesn’t sell these often. I got lucky as I kept checking.
We bought these for our granddaughter,  she loves them.
Love this product. Great quality and sound!!!! Cheaper versions dont compare with Apples wireless earbuds...
Ive been contemplating getting these for months now...all I gotta say is do it!! They are worth the buy
Elegant design and works well
My son love this and very easy to connect to his iPhone or iPad to listen the music or chat with his friends too!
Good product
Nooe
Long battery life!!! Easy set up!!! Great sound!!!
Great product, should have get it earlier.
Worth it!
Loud , connect automatically, they work a nice distance away . they charge superrr fast ! i would recommend and buy again
Overall my main problem is that they connect and disconnect alot and sometimes is really hard to connect them to my iphone also if in wearing a jacket with a collar and the colat covers the airpod they will dissconect because of the sensor overall i wouldnt buy them again the worsr apple product i have ever owned
These are awesome. Would def recommend.
Nothing to complain about this items.
Best wireless head set I’ve used. They fit great. And work very well. You can use just one of them if you like
Sound
Love them
I use these everyday day. They really free my up to do what I need without wires.
My son loves them. The fact that they are wireless and he can wear only one if he chooses has made these an everyday use item!
Bueno
Great but not
She loves them and wears them all the time.
If you want Bluetooth headphones, don’t buy any others. This is were it’s at.
Works great
Great product. Cheaper than apple site!
Really nice and easy to use.
A bit pricey.
All very good
They work, and they’re real.
My son uses them everyday!  He loves them!  Great quality and came quickly!  No change in sound or ability to work!  Uses them at the gym.
I was afraid these would be cheesy ordering away from Apple but they are great and my niece enjoys them regularly
Totally worth it!  The battery life is consistent; charges quickly and cancels noise.
Love it
Wire less Connecrion
I use them every day. They’re great. Only issue I have is keeping them in my ears, mainly when doing workouts or cardio
My daughter loves them but they dont really cancel noise
they work good
All is good like you would expect from Apple
Excellent product, highly recommended!!
Love them. Super comfortable. Well made. Sound great. Just a lot for money for something I don’t use often.
What can you say about apple. The apple iPod are the best wireless headphones out
She love them
I like the fact I can ignore everyone who bothers me dislikes none
Syncs fasts and sound is terrific
I love it!
Awesome
What I like about the Apple AirPods they work really good and they have a great sound.
The sound quality of these earphones is good, as youd expect from an Apple product. Theyre white, as you expect from an Apple product. Theyre also four times more expensive than similar ones, as you expect from an Apple product. So, buy them if you expect an Apple product.
Daughter loves them
Bought them for my son for his birthday and he loves them.
I had to repurchase after I lost my previous pair..
Ausome seller
These AirPods are great. Small, great sound.
Love it!
Love came sooner then expected
It’s Apple
These are actually my daughters ear phones and she absolutely love them
Love them
I love the AirPods.
Me encantaron se escuchan muy claro todo gracias
Love them
Great air buds but so expensive. Wish they were more affordable
Love them
Work great!
I love the AirPods! Comfortable for me. I walk for 60-90 minutes with music stream and no issues and quick recharge.
Does one of the best I have bought so far but is not noise canceling... But its amazing
Literally the best they’re exactly like the latest model because I have them and bought these for my daughter.
its fine but gets easy dusty and dirty
Everything
My daughter loved this!
Their apple what more do you need to say!!
Not quite audiophile quality.  Muffle, but do not block, outside sounds.  But easy to set up, easy to charge, easy to check the state of charge of both the earpods and the case, easy to see if either is charging.  Great fidelity when used for phone calls.  When my niece calls me on hers, it sounds better than if she holds the phone to her ear.  I had one occasion when a client complained about the bluetooth connection and I had to pick up the phone.  Otherwise, they are stellar, the best, at phone calls.  Much easier than corded earpods to wear.  I dont know if I can change volume or answer calls with them, like with a corded earpod.  But it is not an issue.  These are so convenient and so easy to use that they make the corded earbuds obsolete.  I bought them for me and loved them.  Eventually bought them for 8 others because these earpods are game changers.  It is similar to the difference between a flip phone and a smartphone -- you just wont get it until you try it.  All 8 love them.  None uses them for running or the gym, so this review does not address that use.  They are fabulous for walking.  When you try them, you will never go back.  I had Jaybird bluetooth earpods with a cord behind my head before these.  Good til they got too loose.  I do have a nephew who does not like Apple Airpods and prefers other bluetooth earpods;  he is a big guy and the apples do not stay in his ears.  I told him that there are silicon covers to address that, but he has moved on.
Seem to be original apple AirPods work great so far
I love this product. I will never use normal headphones again. The charge on the case and your buds is very long and I never run out of battery. It also charges very fast and is durable. Or use them almost every day and I have no complaints. There’s been close to six months and I love these headphones. I would recommend buying a silicone case for the case
Perfect I use them all of the time when working out, they charge incredibly fast and last a while. So easy to use and set up with an iPhone.
I received the actual thing. I was worried at first since I saw all the troll reviews but was glad I made the purchase. They work great.
Awesome flex but only ok sound
The product is exactly as expected. Great sound quality for conversations & music listening.
Apple Airpods are the way to go.  This product is amazing.
Ok so I felt like the reviews had me iffy about purchasing these, but bcuz they were Amazon prime I took my chances ..so to the point they are great Annnnd authentic!!! I brought these for my daughter and within two days she misplaced them we were able to location them from her apple phone. I hope this helps.
No wonder it is so expensive. This thing is perfect.
Will slide out tiny ears but work great!
I’m so in love with these airpods
You need these
They do not hirt your ears and dont fall out easy overall great product
got upgraded to newer version(with wireless charging) in 4 months... else its good . No more wires ... Doesnt feel comfortable while running
Work great
Pen
Yeah
Not sure how the battery life is just yet. Bought for my daughter and she was so happy. She is always pulling one out telling me to listen at how good they sound. I am not a big iPhone fan but I must hand it to Apple they do sound really good.
Great!
music
Works great!
Amazing
Wife loves the AirPod
1 hour batt life is far sub par. But the convenience of the pods makes up for the poor battery life.
Very easy to use
Very good
Amazing product.  Perfect sound clarity including the microphone.  Comfortable to wear and easy to keep in your ears.  Great for commute and workouts.
Their great
My daughter was so excited! They are authentic Apple Air Pods!
Excelente producto cómo nos tiene acostumbrados Apple.
Music
Love these! 2nd pair I’ve owned.
Quality buy
Muy buenos
Easy to use and nice idea with he charger/holder
The headphones are convenient and hold a long charge!
Perfect fit
I kids love their headphones I don’t leave the house without them very comfortable
Flex
Espectacular
I was nervous to get these, as the regular Apple headphones dont stay in my ears for even a second. These are fine! Ive had them for weeks and theyve never come loose or fallen out even on the treadmill. The sound is great, and I love that you can use one pod at a time to save battery (unlike competitors where you need to use a certain side of the bud for phone calls). Callers can hear me great, and theyre so good for my walks outside because I can hear traffic more than with large noise cancelling ones. Life saver!
No suenan tan duro! Los bajos no son buenos.. Pero cumplen la función
They better for how much money they cost
Thanks
These were a gift and were absolutely perfect!
Awesome
Great earbuds worked great and they were the real thing
There awesome and great for traveling but don’t cancel noise
Been ok since purchasing
Recipient uses them daily
Portable, quick charge, durable, and nice feel.
I bought the Apple AirPods for my son , he already own a pair of another popular brand head set which are big and bulky, so he wanted something wireless that was a little more discreet for college.  The charging case is awesome and he love all the other features. My only regret is that I didnt purchase two pair one for his twin friend who also graduated from high school. Please keep me abreast of any discounts on this item. Thanks, TH
Excelente apple
Grand daughter loves it
Used pods for walking - listening to music, private calls and nice to be hands free.  Just put phone in pocket and no worries
All good
They are trrrific! Everything I hoped for. I liked them so much I bought a pair later for my son for his birthday.
I just dont know how I lived without these before. I think this is the ONLY Apple product I like. Totally worth the money. Sometimes I forget I have them in my ears. Sound quality is superb for such tiny units.
They work as they are supposed to.
Use these with my ipad, great accessibility, and features. Easy to pair out of the box.
Case for my daughters AirPods works great
Love this product! Simple to set up and use with your Apple devices! I love them when I want to be hands-free even around the house, doing housework, outside walking the dogs, etc.
These AirPods are legit, they came with an Apple California sticker and all. They work great. The battery life is awesome too.
Good product all around. You won’t regret buying this
Works great!
I love my AirPods! The are awesome!
No more wire to fumble with
Bought it for my wife, she loves them!!
Good
Can’t go back to normal headphones now. You don’t even notice them...sound is great. Good battery life, quick charging.
These worked better than expected with my Nokia 9. I love the weight and size for casual listening. They fit my ears great, but my wifes airpods dont fit her ears as well
Overall the headphones were worth it. I really like the gestures and the convenience is one factor into why it’s worth it. Beats would have better sound quality, better base , and better noise cancelation for sure but wouldn’t be convenient. Apple AirPods aren’t a bad product it’s astonishing how good they are for how small they are. It’s worth the Hefty price tag though.
These are just as pictured, very nice to have wireless!
My second pair (lost the first pair, unfortunately). While contemplating whether to buy them again, I considered the newer model, or even the Galaxy Buds. Ive been so happy with these  that I wanted to buy them again. Ive not found another BT pair that sound better. One listen, and you no longer care if it looks like you have Qtips in your ears, lol! TRUST ME!
Didn’t want to pay for these for the longest time, but now that I’ve purchased them, I couldn’t be happier!
Love, love these!
This was a gift
These were everything I hope theyd be.  Have so enjoyed them and wish I hadnt let the price hold me back.  They are worth every penny!
AirPods sound great.  Charge in the case!
One airpod works and one doesnt somethimes
If you havent tried these by now, you should.
It was good, base lone good, cancelled yes.
Love them
I was apprehensive to spend this much on ear buds but they are wonderful.  Nice to have hands-free during work-outs and chores!
Best head phones ever See video above
I was so so so excited about these and it did not fail. The quality is so good and the sound is fantastic. If you are skeptical about making this purchase, don’t be. I saw some comments saying they got fakes and let me assure you that I 100% did not! I bought myself a cover for the AirPods and I’m very very happy. 100% recommend
my life has changed for the better
They work just as advertised. Solid apple product. Great sound for the size. Probably a bit overpriced as there are some other very good Bluetooth headphone that are much cheaper
Excellent!
Awesome. I bought these for my wife. She says they are fantastic. Good purchase. Highly recommended. I wish someone would buy me a pair.
I have seen a lot of bad reviews claiming that the Air Pods are just cheap knock-offs. I received genuine apple Air Pods and just to make sure they were authentic I looked up the serial number on Apple.com. Definitely recommend picking up a pair.
The best blue tooth on the market
I like em a lot
These are outstanding.  The hot thing right now that happens to be a great product.
The wife loves them!!  Thats about all that matters.
Excellent
My daughter is going to be so happy to receive these Apple Airpods for her 14th birthday.  Shes been begging for some since Christmas.
best thing ever A+++
The audio quality of these headphones is amazing. I wasnt really sure how good they would be until I got to try them, and Im super happy with them. I got an extra pair for my girlfriend who also loves them. She uses them for working out, since her ear shape keeps the earbuds better in her ear. My ear shape is a little wider, so for me I cant workout with them, but I can enjoy any activity that doesnt require jumping around, without having to worry about the headphones falling off.
Well i was hesitating to buy AirPods from amazon. But, I’m pretty sure they are the real deal. I checked the serial number on them and it was verified. Although one thing was a bit weird, it was registered on someone else’s name “Mr.Potato” so i was assuming it was used before even though i clearly bought a new pair. Eh no big deal, they came with 75% charge so i got to test it out right from the box they came in. At first i was a little skeptical because the box looked a little different than the first pair i bought but it didn’t really mean much to me anyway. The real deal was inside so i opened the package, no ear wax or anything on them. Great! They are now registered on find my iPhone now too so if i ever lose them i can find my AirPods right away. Thanks amazon! 5 stars from me.
Great headphones
I bought these for my teenage daughter and she loves them!
Work but omg it dead fast my only problem of it work well with android phone s10+ but only problem it die fast battery goes down fast make sure registered it to apple to get your warranty I wish it last longer it connected to android fast
I ordered skeptically due to the mixed reviews but mine checked out. Definately real apple product for me! It connected to my iphone easily in no time and it charges once put back in the case etc. Everything was included, box was not damaged, item is new hasn’t been used and abused. No fakin! Lol get em!!
Product is cool. I just wished i knew what the life of the full charge is. Product can be purchased for less money if you shop around. My son bought three pair for $119.00 each.
High quality.
Agradables
Wishing I Bought sooner
they are light, they dont drop off your ears, its really good product and very convenient and portable.
legit
Works great took some getting used too, misplaced the pods in the first week... luckily found inside pockets of dirty shorts. Word of advice DONT leave home without the charger case ;)
2 thumbs up!
TOTALLY authentic. I turned my phone on I opened the airpods and they connected without me even having to touch my phone!! SUPER GREAT!
So easy to setup and I was able to enjoy nonstop music on transcontinental flight.
Purchased as a gift for my fiance that is a truck driver and they worked out just great.
Excelente
They are very impressive for its tecnology they work just perfect, i just wish the sound quality would be better
Loved it! Trusted seller!
I absolutely love these. I’ve had them for one day and I use them for everything now 17347284/10 definitely recommend picking a pair up
Good
Awesome
Original and very good
Use them most of the day and they die 2-3 times a day but they charge fast so it’s chill
I really like this product because I can use to work and use it for school.
My sweet wife bought these for me last (2018) Christmas. They pair easily. Only issue that I’ve had is they will occasionally fall out of sync with my IPhone X. Great gift!
They’re honestly pretty good if you get them for the retail price, for once I think Apple priced a good product relatively competitively so kudos to them
My kids love them. Especially to work out at the gym.
I am not sure if this was too much for a gift but it was valentine and he loved it! Easy to use! Easy to connect! It simply... worked! No biggie! Turn on connect and use! Lovely and comfortable for the GYM or when you are driving! (Dont use your phone while driving!) We dont quite use Siri but I am sure it would work fine! The audio while using them is really good and it can even be shared with another person while still close to the other one!!
These are a great buy. I wouldnt imagine buying regular headphones ever again. Game changer for sure.
Very Happy with product
Excellent . Quick delivery and great transaction.  Thank you!
Works well
Gift for granddaughter. She loves them
My all time favorite Bluetooth headphones. Sounds great and no delay. Wish the volume was a little louder.
The battery doesn’t last
Product works perfectly fine. Our 10 year old gets a lot of use out of these. We purchased a second pair for our 12 year old.
After time, they are not as loud as I’d want them to be. Sometimes talking on the phone is a little hard to understand on both ends. Overall useful but.. ehh
Love them... very well made
Good product
Desperate at Christmas so we over paid, but hands down you can’t go wrong with apple
Apple always has the best products
Wonderful product even for an older model. My only issue is with the battery life per use.
Ease of use is awesome. Sound quality is average.
Love these so helpful to not have ur phone in hand the real deal
Very good
Sounds great and hasn’t died once. I charge them every other day or so.
Awesome!
super quick shipping, and they work greattttt.
I have had 3 pairs of these that i bought from apple. These are legit!
I really like these. It’s so much better than having strings attached.
Exactly what I was looking for!
It great
Never going back. Airpods are fantastic and work like a charm. No more damaged wires or bent audio jacks.
Excellent product
Good audio
Love it it’s the best these are real from Apple I was skeptical about this because I saw a review saying he got a battery instead of AirPods I was curious when till I got it it was a relief it was real it was the best
so useful to have!
Great product, I recommend!!!
Was worried whether it comes out fake or refurbished. Glad that I got the genuine stuff.
Works as advertised
For everyday uses !! I love them
My son absolutely loves his AirPods!! Perfect gift.
Not for a person who wants too listen to just music and not background noise.
Quality quality quality. Small no wires
I got so worried at first when I first saw the reviews, but when I realized I received it I I love it!
It was worth the happiness on her face when she opened her birthday gift. She loves them, it was the perfect gift to give to a grandchild.
Great Apple product
Great sound quality.
Perfect
good product
Like the quality and sound.  I feel like they are slipping out when go for brisk walk although They haven’t yet.
I am utterly obsessed with them Such great quality and the ear buds and case charge so fast!
They are amazing my sister got these and they work really well so I ordered some and they are actually cheaper than if you order them of the Apple website
Good headphones, but now it works louder after water drips was inside the earpiece. need to buy new one.
Yah
For those who are worrying, these are legit, and sound great. Not great for noise cancellation as far as loud sounds go, but they can block out a normal conversation.
Genuine apple product
They’re AirPods
Love that these are bluetooth: thats the main reason that I bought them. I also love the shape of Apple headphones so thats a plus. However, seems like just another typical headphone in terms of music quality. Still love them though!
Perfect it worked well and it didn’t break or it wasn’t fake. Although one of the airpods didn’t work on the other side I fixed it so that was all ok. I do recommend this product
Excelente calidad ! Muy recomendable
I use this product everyday for about a month now and they are great battery last along time
My kids love these. We bought 2 pair! Love being able to control with just the tap of the ear bud.
Me agrado xq no mas lo precionas y suena la música o contestas las llamadas fácil
Excellent quality, comfortable and good sound quality but missing sound isolation feature.
Probably my favorite Bluetooth buds. Buuuuut... It doesnt work as seamlessly on Samsung so I will be returning which sucks because how much I like these
Great wireless earplug
This was the best decision I have ever made. The quality of these are AMAZING
PERFECT AUDIO WOUNDERFUL !! PIRING IS AN EASE TOOK ALL OF 2 SECONDS ONCE CHARGED UP …
Best Sound quality. It is worth the money.  Love the beats... $159
Sounds is terrific and the the setup was easy to accomplish with my iPhone 8+
Great Stay in pretty well
Thank you!
I looooove these! I wear them all day everyday.  Definitely recommend. Perfect for anyone who works on the computer/phone all day.
Love this! I use them on a daily basis for work and around the home. It is great to be able to walk away from the phone and have either music or an interesting conference call.
Great
Great sound
I ordered them through Amazon, because no store in my area had them in stock, and they cost the same.  They work great, but I had to add Yurbud Earbud Covers to them, otherwise they would fall out of my ears.  They really are convenient, because you are not tethered to your device, so if you need to walk away or reach for something, you can!
Came on time and connected right away
Excellent product
Long battery life, super fast charging. Perfect for podcasts. They’re not as loud as you’d think but that’s probably a good thing. They can be a little buggy on occasion but not too often.  I’d say for every 20 times you put them in they connect automatically but there are still time last when I put them in and they didn’t connect.  I’ve had to do a hard reset on the case after my first 30 days when the connection/audio started to cut in and out.  Overall they’re still awesome.
Love the fact that you take 1 out and it stops the music...put it back in and your song picks up right where it left off!
I like how their is no wiring to the "Jack" , so i wont have to have to make sure the wire wont fall out.
Father of the year award. My daughter absolutely loves them.
I bought these tor my daughter she has no issues with the quality, but they don’t fit her ears very well. Sometimes they will fall out if she moves to fast.
Best bluetooth earphones EVER
I use it mostly when I go to gym and it is quite comfortable.
I know its only been a month, but I can hardly recognize my daughter with out them in her ears
Best product that I have ever purchased easy to use and super confortable
So enjoy these.
They work great
my son loves these airpods
Can someones pretty please buy these for me Im tired of getting bullied because I have the fake ones and I rlly dont have the money and Im really tired of being bullied and I come home crying because they wont leave me alone
They work great
Perfect
Purchased them 3 months ago still in good shape
Durable product.
Love
They work well. But so my Samsung ones.
Positives  I recently purchased Apple AirPods and overall have been satisfied with these bluetooth headphones. Apple AirPods provide you with an easy way of listening to music. I enjoy these bluetooth headphones because they are so simple to pop into your ears and use. Once you put the AirPods in your ear, they make a beeping noise to notify you that they are connected to your phone, or whatever device you have them connected to. Every active person should get themselves a pair of Apple AirPods. They are great for working out, simple hangout, and great for active students! The AirPod holder acts as a charger and is small in size and easy to have in your purse, pocket, backpack or gym bag. Since the AirPod holder is small in size, I always make sure to put it in a small pocket of my purse, or backpack so that way I don’t misplace it. The charge on the AirPods actually last 24 hours like Apple’s site advertises they do. I can use them all day, and they still aren’t close to dying! These set of bluetooth headphones are great if you plan to be using them for a long period of time. One of my favorite parts about these headphones is that they charge with the standard iPhone charger. If you find that they die when you are out using them, you can easily plug them in to a charger, and they charge to 100% quickly! Negatives The only downfall to these AirPod’s is that I bought them for a long plane ride, when I bought them I knew that I would fall asleep while traveling. While on the plane, I was constantly concerned that the AirPods were going to fall out of my ears, and that I would easily lose one. If you plan to buy these for plane rides, or long car rides where you might fall asleep, I would invest in a different type of bluetooth headphone. As I mentioned above in the positive section, I really enjoy that the AirPod holder/charging case is small in size. One thing that worries me, is that I will misplace the headphones and then I would have to buy a new pair. Summary All-in-all, I would rate Apple AirPods a 4/5. I gave the headphones this rating because my only negative to these headphones are that they aren’t good for traveling long distances. Despite that, I really enjoy the simple use of these headphones, the accessibility to be able to charge the headphone, and the way the battery life actually lasts like they advertise that it does! I would recommend these bluetooth headphones to anyone looking for a new pair!
Bought as a gift for Grandson. He uses all the time. Easy to set up and use. Likes the sound quality. He is a teenager .
Awesome
I bought these airpods originally in May if 2017. Here we are almost two years later and we were still going  strong, I loved those little babies. I also put them through hell. Randomly took them out of my ears and put them in my pocket one time, did laundry and forgot to check the pockets, washed them, got them out of the DRYER at the end of the cycle, and they still slapped when I listened to them to see if they still worked, which they absolutely did. Now I do want to advise you that after about a year they started having charging issues in the case, one airpod would charge and the case wouldn’t recognize the other airpod was in there. It was annoying but with some finagling of the airpod in its seat it finally clicked with the case and charged. Another thing, the battery life was less after using them for approx 12 hrs a day I had to charge them like once every two hours or so. The only reason I purchased a new pair (bought from T-Mobile on 2/15/19) was to replace my old pair because I dropped one airpod in my room and it fell into the black hole that is under my bed and I didn’t want to search for it. I had to switch back to EarPods for a few days and it was a total nightmare. Felt like a total peasant. I’ll never go back to wires. Apple changed the game with these. Get them. I promise it will be worth every penny.
Perfect sounding and long lasting so far!
Great
Bought these for my daughter
Keep a good charge. Good sound.
Great for athletes
My AirPods came in about 2 days & they were the real ones as I read some reviews & some people got fake ones but these are the true apple airpods. I recommend them!
I really love these ear buds, work great
I’m a high schooler, and these are fantastic. I was worried about them falling out of my ears, but they fit great! Very easy for on the go, no wonder they were out of stock for so long! Everybody wanted them!
Not sure why people say they received knock-offs - these are completely legit. They work great, and are super easy to use. Would 100% recommend.
These are flawless, all I can say is they deliver an audiophile quality sound.  They sound is stellar, no flaws at all, you feel as if you are in the recording booth with the artist.  The battery life is top notch as well.  They were fairly easy to pair with my android phone and paired immediately with an iPhone.  Pricey earbuds but I feel they are worth every penny.  No more pesky wires that seem to tangle every time I touch them.  The earbuds are very light and I dont even notice I have them in my ears, they stay in my ears even when running.  Very happy with these.
Great!
Very light and will not break if dropped. The sound quality is very good and the battery life on these things are insane.
Awesome, High Quality, Great Sound! Absolutely recommend!!
Love how easy it is to connect to my iPhone 7 just open the case and the earbuds automatically connect sound quality it pretty decent for how compact these are no complaints!
I just got these from amazon for Christmas. I was extremely skeptical about getting these because of all of the 1 star reviews. But they are great. Brand new. 100 percent worth the buy. And I can’t hear you cause I don’t speak broke 
These Airpods arrived exactly as advertised. They were brand new and I used the serial number to authenticate them. They connected to my iPhone very easily and I havent had any issues with them falling out, even on a trampoline.
They are more comfortable than expected, I ended up using these more than my beats for the gym, they haven’t fallen out during workouts.
Both my kids love these! Great sound quality and no wires!
This is one of the hardest reviews i’ve written. I’ve been a die hard Bose fan since my last couple of vehicles included their premium audio set up. I got the Bose SoundSport Free first, and was very impressed with clarity, sounds i’ve never heard, and security. Pop in and twist and they aren’t going anywhere. I knew, however, that my Apple EarPods still had my heart, but I was tired of the wires, so I got the AirPods a week after the Bose to compare and return the ones I disliked. Airpods took the cake. There, I said it. The Bose lacked in maximum volume, but had better noise canceling so I could have survived. Then came the first bout of connection issues. Even using the Bose app to download new firmware and as a primary connection source, I found them irritating. The way the protrude outwardly from the ear is also something I don’t like, as I have a small head. Airpods were just too easy to use with my iPhone. You open the case, bam, your phone recognizes them. You put them in, and you get the EarPods vibe and souns quality. They’re quicker. They’re better. And even if not as secure, you can just buy the same attachment found on the Bose, pop in and twist! Yes you lose some battery life, but with all of the same features, minus buttons, these are fantastic. I triple up with my Apple Watch for volume control using the watches radial dial, or to pause etc.
My BF loves the sound quality and is pumped about the charges that hold in the carrying case .
Must have for any iPhone user.  Great product.  Use them mostly for phone calls.  Sound quality for music isn’t the best.  Automatically picks up phone call when placed in your ears.
No competition you want the best design and quality APPLE
Love these for gym and work. Fits in pocket for east transport and great sound quality
Awesome performance and they don’t fall out when you workout.
Great headphones
Can’t be beat
Love them .Amazon had them at a great price
Left ear bud sometimes disappeared
Comfortable and pairs seemlessly to iPhone
I do not have a single negative thing to say about these buds. I originally had another brand, but there was a delay. I couldn’t stand watching tv and the mouth movements being off. I own an iPhone, so maybe that is why there is no delay with these, but they are perfect! I hated I waited so long to buy these!
Works perfectly
Too large for my ears
These AirPods are amazing! Awesome for anything from phone calls to running. Battery life is pretty darn good, the case also acts as a charger. Build quality is solid, these AirPods especially impressed me when I accidentally forgot them in my pocket and went through the wash, no problems what so ever. Highly recommend
I’ve bought so many Bluetooth headphones/earphones, these are my favorite.  The bass in these isn’t quite as good as in Powerbeats, but makes up for it in all other aspects. I cycle charge them so I’m never without sounds. If they get down to 25%ish, I put one side to charge for 20 minutes, switch, the keep listening endlessly. I can’t overstate how great they are, the most used item I’ve bought in the last year, hands-down.
Husband loves them
Very very good ,,,need buy again
I really like the AirPods. Theyre a really simple product to use. I bought these to replace my Bose Wireless Soundsport earbuds. Bose have better sound quality but I had to replace them three times cause they fall apart. These definitely will last. I do also miss that my Bose earbuds could be paired with two devices at once (iPhone and iPad) and would intuitively switch to the device emitting audio. You have to switch AirPods in the Bluetooth menu when you swap devices.  When the Airpods die the case charges them up quickly. I like that if Im on the phone and their battery is low, I can put one back in the case for a quick charge while talking on the other. I would recommend grabbing a pair if you have Apple products.
Thank you for my early Christmas present
Man they are expensive, but they are awesome!!
Good product
My grandson loves them!
Exceeded expectations. Even if you didn’t like the wired pods the phones came with, these are a serious upgrade.
Apple product with Apple product. Works fastanstically.
Love it
I love them. Worth every dollar in my opinion.
There is a reason, why these are # 1, they always work !!!
Bought this for a gift and the person I bought it for loves it. Great working out or just sitting at home chilling. Thinking about buying another pair for me.
my husband likes them and seems to always use them when he is working.
I love them they stay charged the base is amazing you should definitely look into them.
I love how the airpods if they run out of charge can go back into the pod to recharge during the day. I also like how small and discreet they are.
Exelentes, muy buen sonido, funcionles puedo conectar a cualquier equipo con bluetooth, in luso a mi note 9
Muy bueno! 5 stars for this item fast delivery, came in very good condition brand new as expected. Thank you!
Ease of use - 10 Easy to pair - 10 Audio quality - 10 Build quality - 10 What else can I say?
These are a game changer. Love them at work at the gym and on the go! Battery life is great and they dont fall out.
The left airpod wanted to slip out of my ear, so I bought some rubber thingys and that fixed the problem. Otherwise great.
Major easy to link up to your iPhone!!
I would 100% recommend, you can’t beat the lack of snagging on things at in opportune times.
Love them!
The quality and battery life of these is perfect.  The issue is the user (haha).  I thought Id be using these all day, every day.  I regret to say, Ive only used them four times total.  I miss the features of the "old school" earpods, such as volume control, stopping songs, etc with the flick of a switch.  I should have researched this a little more and not fallen for the hype of it all.  Nothing wrong with the product though and the price was great, as well as the delivery time.
Excellent Product..No Noise and You never feel like you would remove buds from ears..!!
No cord is the best.
People must’ve ordered off secondhand buyers because mine were completely authentic. Amazing battery life and very portable. But yes.... they can fall out :)
Love it
Daughter loves them!
I love these and they are worth every penny. The sound quality is better than the regular earbuds, but they do require a higher volume than the regular earbuds (which is good because it is a little more sensitive). The connection quality is superior to all other bluetooth headphones I have had. Only had one connection issue in the few weeks I have own them but it was not a big deal. Usually I have instant connections.
Can’t hear poor people anymore.
I love my AirPods. I use them every day and the battery life is great. This purchase was definitely a steal!
Came on time. Actual apple product... Not a fake. My GF loves em!!
Great product love them
Love the item!!
These are probably the best headphones I’ve ever owned.
Works great and reliable
Bought for my Daughter for 21st.  Great sound quality and durability.  Not certain on battery life but seems good as long as she uses it.
Was skeptical like many other people but when I tried them they were great. Great sound quality and material quality. Only wish the battery life was longer
Works great
Was a Xmas gift so far so good hubby loved them, couldn’t find in a store all on back order went amazon and boom pushed a button and done Xmas not cancelled
these came new, still having the packaging seal on them. i love these. 100% recommend. perfect sound. the only problem i have is not the sellers fault. the battery life isn’t that long. they probably last about 5 hours without charge.
Muy buenos
I got them for my sons 18th Birthday and he loves them. Very easy and convenient to use
Gift for my mom she loves them
They’ve made life a bit easier being so busy.
Amazing product. One of the best apple has came out with so far.
it is amazing except for its battery which i have to charge twice a day
They are amazingly perfect.  Set up and usage. Simply awesome
This earbuds are amazing they never fall out. I use these every day and have them on me everywhere I go. I use them to listen to music, watch YouTube, and even listen to books offline. If you have a puppy you have to be carful because one of my buddy’s had one of the earbuds chewed by his dog.
This product is great, easy to set-up, awesome sound quality, extremely functional. The problem is my wife has had them in for 2 hours and wont stop singing. I am trying to watch the football game and  my house sounds like a cat is in a alley fight with all of her singing. Please help!!!
Great wireless earbuds
These fit perfectly in my ears and into the Apple ecosystem. Pairs so easily with iPhone and MacBook Pro.  Sound quality is excellent—very balanced and refined.  Battery life and charging system with case is clever and effective.  Highly recommend!
Hella 
Splendid sound!
It was a gift for my grandson. He is thrilled.
I use this product to listen to music,make calls,watch Netflix, connect to my smart tv whenever my sound system is too powerful and I’m the only person that needs to hear. They have exceptional quality in craftsmanship and audio quality. I get excellent battery life from them as well. Paired with my Apple Watch 3 with LTE and my iPhone X, they’re an awesome trio. Would highly recommend to friends,family,coworkers,etc.
Don’t know how I ever lived without these.
I just started using it so far so good.
These actually fit great! I purchased the accessories package - but have yet to use the in ear grips or safety string! Highly recommended :)
great
It is nice and it is a nice gift for man. I love the one I bought. The sound quality is not as great as a big headset, butnit works fine. Battery last for about 1h and recharges fast with the case. It’s possible to use one side each time, what helps for long calls.
Love then
I love it, but one would think after dropping 180 bucks that it would come with a cord to charge it.
Perfect! Love them!
After thinking about getting these for 2 years, and constant frustrations with my regular corded earbuds, I broke down and bought these for myself for Christmas.  I absolutely love them.  They are almost magical!  I feel so free not having to constantly worry about accidentally tugging on the wires of my old ear phones.  I think this product is worth every cent. Just BUY them!!
Great gift
These are great. They come in an official apple box and are 100% real apple airpods. In general they work like a charm and are my favorite headphones i have ever used. Sometimes they dont connect to my phone or one headphone will go out, despite a full charge, but this is easily fixed.
My fav headphones - worth the price in my opinion!
Falling out and don’t realize there gone they are so comfortable my problem not pods. Great using on cell phones (hands free makes me mobile).
Best Wireless earphones I have ever had.  Easy to operate
I tell people all the time AirPods are easily one of my top 5 purchases of 2018. They are light weight compact and easy to forget you’re wearing. The only downside is the magnet in the case is terribly strong and will pull metal shavings out of the air which can be seen on the underside of the lid, appearing as dirt. Outside of that I have no issues.....if u get worried about misplacing them they actually show up in the find my iPhone app and can emit a locating sound!
This is the best product I can buy for my son hes so happy he uses all the time I sure want me you want son and man you can hear the music really nice
Great product works perfect.
I purchased a set of these as a gift. The back story.... I have been a big fan of the beats solo headphones for many years (the solo wireless series my favorite). Last year I bought a pair of the power beats, big mistake. I realized they could not duplicate the sound from the bigger drivers in the over the ear headphones but those fell flat on their face, the Powerbeats 2 might be better but I did not want to go down that road again. I bought these based on a recommendation from a co-worker. He claimed they were easily the best wireless ear buds he ever used. In fact he bought two pairs. I took his opinion seriously because he bought a lot of earphones trying to find the right ones. So I bought a set for my daughter for Christmas. Curious about how well they would be, I ran across a deal and bought a second pair. First impression, small and compact, in fact I was shocked at the size. The charging base isnt much bigger than the apple charging block. They came packaged with the lightning charging cable, that was better than advertised, because I was told I would need to buy that seperately. Upon opening the lid, they paired instantly. Easiest pairing of any product that I have ever used. I inserted them in my ear and played some music. I listened to several different types of music to get a good feel for how they would sound. While they dont have the overall bass they a set of over the ear beats has, they are fantastic. I can hear the low end bass and it has a great balance. They are far better than I would have expected. I think there is a noticeable difference between the AirPods and the chorded ear buds that come stock with the iPhone. For me the Pros: Charging Dock gives you additional battery life Sound Quality is great for ear buds Bluetooth Connection made simple Great Range on the Bluetooth Priced about right for the product that you get Comes with a one year warranty from a quality company Comes with the lightning cable Cons: None for ear buds of their size
Love love love these. Great sound quality and people can hear me better on my phone when i talk with these in than without. Pair it with my phone or spinning bike when exercising and when you remove a bud, the video pauses. They stay in well when i run too.
These headphones are so convenient. Definitely worth the buy if you currently use wired headphones and feel like they are always getting in the way. If you go to the gym then you know how annoying wired headphones can be. These are great and have a super long battery life. Also - they charge SUPER FAST. Some people are afraid to buy these because they are scared they will lose them easily, but it comes with a cartridge where you charge them in that helps keeping you from losing them. Overall, great buy and well worth the investment in my opinion.
Bought mine direct from Apple for 159.00 plus free fedex shipping. Very happy.
there very small easy to misplace  my daughters were stolen from here  at school-gave them to her for her 16th birthday  a month later gone
Very convenient product！It is nice earphone for running！
I bought this for my husbands birthday. This is a must buy product. It awesome that the carrying case is also a charger. My husband loves the Apple AirPods!
It’s not the best earbuds but it sounds great if you looking for something to listen to music and works smoothly with my iPhone 8 Plus and my iPad Pro
My husband loves them
Love this!!!
I love my apple AirPods. Once you got pods youll will understand what all the talk is about.
Sound quality of the air pods is without equal. As soon as I put them in my ears after easily connecting to my iPhone, I knew this was far better than anything I had used before. I purchased two pair, so that I could leave a set in my car. My only negative is that the remaining battery strength is not easily observable.
Bought these for my new Apple Watch. They are great! I wear them running and working out at the gym. They stay in my ears except for when Im upside down. Really nice quality and stay charged a very long time.
Worth the money! Work great!
works great
My favs!! 
Hello
Works as advertised
So glad I have these.
Better than nuting
These ear pods are great!  Pair so easily to the iphone and fit nicely in your ear.  So convenient to use.
These are working perfectly! Comfortable and useful!
easy go to for when Im working out, traveling, or sleeping, does not hurt my eyes when I have them on for long periods of time like some others do for me and having the battery inside the case is super convenient. Some people might not like them because there is zero noise canceling so you will have to really turn them up on an airplane. overall a great set of earphones and I do not regret buying them.
a lot of the 1 star reviews here say the headphones are either fake, damaged, or dirty. i was very worried considering amazon is the cheapest place to get these. they arrived and are 100% legit. had the serial numbers checked w apple and everything. nice headphones, only issue is if one ear hole is bigger/smaller than the other.
So far these have been a good purchase
I use my AirPods everyday. I used to have so many issues with people not being able to hear me so I wanted to give headphones a try.  So I bought these as I would be able to charge my phone and use headphones. I love the quality! I haven’t had any issues!
great headphones and an amazing christmas gift
The product came in Original Apple packaging and instantly paired when opened with all my Apple products. Great sound. Very happy, I would purchase again.
Exactly as described
I will never go back to another.  MUST HAVE. Sound quality is great.  Fantastic for talking and talk to text on the go or driving
My teen daughter has been using them for two months now and absolutely loves them - I think well be ordering more for the rest of the family!
excellent excellent excellent!!! omg buy them!!
mint condition, sound great
Get what you pay for
It is sooooo nice not to have any more cords!  The sound is great. They seem to have a great range; I can leave my phone in one place and move around my house and the connection works perfectly.  I use them 2-5 hours each day and I have to charge them a couple times a week.
I wish I hadn’t waited so long to purchase these AirPods. They are amazing and somehow stay in my ears while I’m running. Just take the plunge and buy them. You won’t be sorry.
Brought theses for my son for Christmas. Best investment. He wears them every day. Definitely worth the money.
This is an authentic apple product! Always good when you get an original
I don’t know why some of you are lying, mine came in today and they’re real.
Love love love
Best purchase in the last year…love them!
I bought these for my wife. She loved them. Notice the past tense. She also lost them. Like, within a few weeks of me buying them for her. We still fight about it sometimes, but Im trying to let it go. Its not a real, screaming and yelling kind of fight. More of a snide comment that Ill make. I guess thats kind of mean on my end. Ill probably stop doing that and being mean to her. She doesnt deserve that. I wonder if shes harboring any ill-will towards me because of it? You think shes thinking of leaving me? I better call her now. Actually, Ill just text the kissing emoji and see what she comes back with. She came back with the red heart emoji. I think were good. Ill keep you updated.
excellent product, new and closed.
Great product for yourself or for a gift
Very useful for quick videocalls and hassle-free music.
great!
I’m just gonna keep this short and sweet; Sound quality is fantastic. Lows, mids and highs are buttery smooth, Bass is balanced for my taste but lacking if you like your music a bit more pumping, vocals and treble can be a tad bit murmmery when a lot of instruments are put on the show but is all-round alright. Simply: the best sound I’ve heard yet on wireless earbuds under $200. The earbuds and case are made of plastic, though it’s not the cheap-feeling kind or anything like that. There are a couple metal bits like the hinge on the case but when I’m paying this much for earbuds, I’d at least like full metal casing or plastic that doesn’t feel slippery, almost greasy, after putting them in my ears 5 times. Battery life is only 3 hours per charge but charging them to 100% from dead only takes 15 minutes and you can do it 5 times. Honestly, I’m a big fan of this move and it really comes in handy. Other nit-pick things is that the earbuds, when in their case, charge even when at 100% (aka; they continuously overcharge and you need to take them out in order for them to stop), the case can get scratched easily, the fact that the plastic can get slippery doesn’t help that they can get lost or fall out of your hands easily, and my left bud dies quicker than my right. I dunno why, it just does. Either than that though, these are perfect. Would really, really recommend to anyone that has an iPhone.
These work great! Highly recommend. They’re worth the price paid.
I have wanted these for some time now. I use Bluetooth to talk on my iPhone at home, it makes it more clear. But these airpods (which took getting used to bc my ears canals are rather small) are a godsend. I can hear so much better, and so can the person I’m calling. My 91 yr. old mother always had a hard time hearing our convyuntil I got these. I love them and are worth every penny
I worked construction and dropped one of the iPods 2 stories to a wooden deck, no damage. Be careful wearing both AirPods at the same time. It will drown out the sounds around you. They are loud but they lack the nice base sound. I haven’t checked if somehow you could adjust the treble and base but overall a great purchase.
No issues here.
They were a bit of a splurge purchase, but everyone was going on about them. The hype was right! I absolutely love not getting tangled in wires. I have never lost or even come close to misplacing them because I love them so much. Im always aware of where they are. You wont be disappointed, Im sure. I do have some notes for Apple about how id like to see the next model improved, but these are great even so. For example, I wish I could customize th action associated with tapping the airpod. I dont like Siri, and in fact I really hate how Siri turns on whenever i brush against the device. I would rather tap to change volume or skip a song. Oh well! Maybe in the next one.
Ive always hated the cord of wireless earbuds.  But the sound and quality of these apple airpods are great.  Although they are very expensive.  But they do work well with all my Apple gadgets, including my iphone XsMax, XR and 7s Plus.  They also work on my iMac 27", so I can work on my computer without disruption.  Even with the airpods in my ear, I can still hear the sounds and voices around me.
Awesome came unpacked in the original box.Works awesome,Airpods are totaly new!
Favorite headphones hands down! I love that they do not fall out and disconnect
Was a present for my daughter, she loves it
Battery duration is very good
Typically dont buy products that are trendy or at this price point, but these earbuds are fantastic. Theyre a higher quality version of what tidally comes with your iPhone. Battery life is incredible and theyre so easy to use with my iPhone. Love the true wireless aspect as it creates a great experience never getting tangled or inconvenienced by the cord. The case is very nice, but id recommend getting getting a case for the case. The Ear buds fit great and are comfortable. Love these ear buds and will use them for a long time.
I never regretted buying this from Amazon; cheaper than Apple and it works well. I love the idea of the air pods just  turning on automatically when you place them in your ears and the sound quality is outstanding just as I expected them to be. Great product from Apple and the battery lasts long before you have to re-charge.
Great product but I worry about them accidentally falling out
Best headphones I ever owned.  Now I see what all the hype is about!
I use them to work out and theyre easy to use, great sound and hold up well.  I actually had them in my coat pocket and my wife washed my coat.  I though they would be destroyed but they worked after letting them dry off for the night.  Battery life is very good.
Got them for gifts
It came as described. It is very convenient overall by not having the wired from the standard earphones get in the way.
If you plan on being very active you should definitely think about investing in plastic clip ons for your airpods to make sure they’re firmly attached to your ears I have had them fall out plenty of times and sometimes you don’t even notice! You can find it with the app but you have to be in range and the peeping isn’t that loud espiecally if it’s being muffled you’ll have a hard time finding it. The noise cancellation could be a lot better but I also like the fact that I could be aware of my surroundings as well. It does feel kind of magical I can’t lie lol I would love to give it 5 stars but there’s definitely areas in need of improvement
These are the best headphones that I have ever owned. They charge fast and last a long time. Order came on time and packaged nicely.
Best purchase of the year! =) my life changed) I’m now free to move as I wish! Unleashed! Haha  I was worried they may fall out - nope, not at all. Also I saw you can now buy strings that go on these type of headphones - yeah - wires for wireless headphones.
Got these for my wife while she is at work.  She loves them, batteries last a good bit and the carry case is nice to protect and charge them
Work great
Love them. 
Awesomeness! Super responsive , long battery life , and intuitive.
AirPods are life changing! They are worth every penny. I can’t recommend highly enough.
These have made working out a dream! I love them; I do wish they had a bit more bass, but these babies are built to last. The clever approach to the charger case makes it easy to not worry about dead AirPods for hours on end.
Work great.
I love them! The battery life is great, the sound quality isnt the best but its good enough, opening and closing the case is so satisfying!  Make sure you buy a skin or something for the case it scratches easily. The inside of the case also gets dirty.
The best apple product out.
Everything is good quality is like regular earphones this product is really a want!
Genuine product. Satisfied.
Almost perfect wireless earphone, and good price
Not bad
Excellent product
These are amazing—they make you feel like you’re in your own world and the battery life is impressive!
Definitely legit and BRAND NEW!! confirmed the serial number with apple and my warranty is available until next year from the day i purchased them. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH. Definitely recommend . One review i had to leave for the undecided buyers about this product . THE BATTERY LIFE AND SOUND IS IMPECCABLE and does not drain your phone battery fast.
Far exceeded my expectations, sound quality seems better than the EarPods that I got with my iPhone XR. Battery life lasts about 5-8 hours with my normal usage. I was skeptical buying from a 3rd Party seller but they were brand new in the box just like they were described. Couldn’t be happier! I will most likely pick up a couple more pairs for my family as Christmas gifts as well.
LOVE THESE
There are a lot of reviews questioning the authenticity of the AirPods but the ones I received registered with the warranty without a problem. There was also no sign that this pair was previously used or refurbished.
I checked serial number on Apple.com- these are the real thing.
I can switch easily between devices and the sound quality is far better than expected.
I love music, and I love listening to it clearly and crisply which is why I held off on getting a pair of these for a long time. Since starting my own business I’ve been taking a lot more phone calls, which is the reason I thought I would FINALLY give these a try. I love them. They are SO easy to use. The things that I like about them: 1. Turn on and connect as soon as they’re put in your ear 2. Can use just 1 at a time for calls or podcasts or times when you’re not trying to block everything out 3. Battery life is much better than expected 4. Great call quality 5. Music sounds WAY better than I thought. Definitely not as good as real over the ear headphones, but for the size and ease of carrying them around it’s fine. Give them a try for sure!
The hype is real. These things are almost magical in how easy and seamlessly they work with your iPhone.
Wonderful product very good Sound I love it will buy again soon
I feel as if it may have been another seller selling these, and they were non authentic, and then Amazon took over. I received a brand new pair of Apple air pods. They were in the original package and sealed closed. No signs of wear and connected to my phone via Bluetooth with no issues. I called my mom and talked to her for about 30 mins just to check out the quality. And no complaints. The rested in my ear very easily without any fumbling or manipulating. I’m satisfied  with my purchase.
I was very hesitant to purchase these because of their price tag but I’m so happy with my purchase. I use them at work and to workout.  The sound quality is great.
Pros: -easy to connect with apple products, connects with all bluetooth devices as well. -good battery life -very comfortable, I often forget that I have them in -sleek design, fashionable -stay in your ears, I skateboard with these on and have never had them fall out -sound quality is good, but not audiophile quality - a multitude of programmable features when tapping on either the left or right earbud -easy and quick charging of the case with lightning cord Cons: -Easy to lose if one does not carry the case with them at all times
Love this phone accessory!
Great product fast shipping thanks
Beyond anything you can buy today. This just works flawlessly. For little bud the sound is very good.
brand new in box. Perfect quality
These are the best wireless earbuds you can ever get! Very good sound quality and excellent battery time! I got these at target but im just supporting amazon.
These work great with my MacBook and iPhone and stay in my ear. If you like the wired Apple earphones then you need to get these. They give you the ability to watch and charge at the same time and are a must have
Love them. Sound is great, and i only need to charge them about once a week.
WIFE LOVES THEM.  GREAT SOUND QUALITY.
Battery is not as long as they said
Wonderful
A little skeptical because of open box return but they are in perfect condition and work great! Most importantly got a great deal and great product
Excellent quality
I was worried from all of the bad reviews but mine are brand new and work great! No issues at all and loved getting them quickly and with free shipping at the same price that Apple sells them for.
I love them
Fast delivery. Item as promised.
My boyfriend loved the airpods. Good sound quality, material, and packaging
Amazon Is the best. I ordered one day and was delivered faster than was promised. Absolutely, GREAT. My Apple AirPods are a dream come true, I listen to my music without having the constraints of those annoying cords.
Easy integration with multiple devices, just not at the same time.
I charge the charging case every few days, maybe once a week on a lighter use week. The headphones themselves last about 3-5 hours of consistent use, but the case will last you much longer. Better sound quality than the regular wired headphones and its nice to have quality of life features like pausing the music with one headphone out, and the double tap features on either of the pods. To be brutally honest, these would be most helpful for someone who exercises regularly and needs the option to be hands-free regularly. Its fun either way, but I dont recommend spending the ~$150 if you just want a new pair of headphones. You can find something with much better sound quality from other companies where you arent buying into the hands-free features.
They sound great! The battery life is awesome!
These are in my every day carry. I love em! So easy to use, and battery lasts a nice decent time. If youre in the Apple Ecosystem, theyre great to work with everything there.
Amazing product
My everyday everywhere favorite headphones.
I,m driving
Great price for a good product! Air Pods as advertised!
Great item
As always great quality from an Apple product.  Sound is decent, carrying/charging case is very handy.  Only "complaint" is maybe fit?  They stay in pretty well as long as youre not planning to use for fitness use.  I dont think theyre very secure for that.  However, as a replacement for corded earbuds for use when flying, riding on train, etc. they are great.  LOVE not having to deal with cords.
excellent product!
It holds 4 hours in each air pod and tge case can hold a 24 hour charge and the air pods charge to full in 10 min. The music quality is really great they last a long time they have gps in case u lose one
Muy bueno!!
Love them!
I received original apple AirPods like expected. They came packaged from apple. The functionality is mich better than other wireless headphones I’ve tried and now I wish I hadn’t wasted my money trying cheaper ones.
Sound isn’t perfect, but they fit well and the battery basically lasts forever. Super pleased!
Game changer
Works perfectly, the battery lasts forever.
My mom absolutely loved them
What can i say? Great sound, very cool desigen. Zero issues connecting. small, light and convinient. Few of the realy cool features are: It connects automaticaly when i take them out of the case. Put back in the case and the sounds goes back to the phone. When you hear music, taking one of them out, pauses the music. Put it back in the ear, music resumes. They fit perfectly in my ears. I do a lot of jogging, never had an issue. Sound reach, clean, deep and very enjoyable. im a big fan. Waiting for the new version in 2019.
Easy to charge, small compact design is easy to carry
I wish I had bought them sooner
All is ok
I was hesitant to buy these before since I’ve used the EarPods which comes with the iPhone. I regret not getting these earlier. These don’t behave like the EarPods. I’ve worn it for running and never fell from my ear. The sound quality is way better than the EarPods. The battery life and recharge time is brilliant! And most importantly it works so well. Ofcourse I didn buy from amazon fearing I’ll get counterfeit item, instead I head straight to Apple store.
Of course Apple is making a beautiful product no question about that, However my experience with the Apple AirPods wasn’t anything major, It fell once and ever since the quality became poor, and it got scratch, but still thinking of getting another one, Because the alternative is worse unfortunately
Excellent product.
Gave them as an anniversary present & my husband loves them!
Awesome battery life with pretty good sound. They are very small and easy to lose.
Use them every day and love them. They stay in ears well. No more wires to restrict distance between phone and ear buds. No more frustrating tangles to deal with.
The Apple Airpods are worth the money.  I would buy these again.
After a month of usage, this product turned to be faulty. The charge gets over quickly, sometimes one ear piece doesn’t work. It was just bad.
Airpods are one of Apples newest pieces of technology. Let me tell you, they did not disappoint! They are very comfortable with great audio. Love using to workout and walk around. Its a must buy!
These are the best things since sliced bread
Great headphones
Easy set-up. Case recharges Pods even when not plugged-in. Works even when your phone is not in your purse or pocket, range varies 10 -25 feet.
I love my airpods !!! Cannot live without them.
I have dropped the earbuds many times and still work great. I also washed them in the washing machine so I put them in rice and they still work!
I first thought the dangling units will sit awkwardly, but they are actually very comfortable and sound quality is great
I was sceptic if the AirPods since I never really liked apples earphones but I love my AirPods. Great for working out or just working when you can’t stay in one spot. Quality is great and the battery charges quickly. No need to have the pods in the case when charger which makes the charging process very flexible. Easy to switch from phone to computer if needed.
It’s expensive yes but I’m happy I got it over the beats. Sounds are on point, has bass and don’t have a lag. Fits grate and don’t feel like it would come out when I run. I recommend this over beats
Great, portable air pods that are lightweight and fit well. Only flaw is one ear will disconnect every now and then
Apples Airpods are genuinely great wireless earbuds. They pack great quality headphones into two, very small earbuds. If youve got the money and want to splurge on these, highly recommended. 4 stars only because they are elitist in their price point. (Just my opinion... )
They look beautiful. You can’t take away from their look. Their sound quality just isn’t there in my opinion. Even my Powerbeats were a lot better sounding than these, but they sure made a great gift for my mother; very convenient for her.
Charges AirPods in like ten minutes and they last for hours. The sound quality is pretty done for what they are and they’re crazy comfortable. I can’t even feel them when they’re in. I can even have them in and lie down without it stabbing the side of my skull. Also, they sync up to your phone in a heartbeat.
They work great just like other products from Apple. I have phone, watch, and now pods.
I absolutely love these.  I love how they instantly pair with my iPhone. When I turn the music on and have a booth buds in they begin playing. When I take one out the music stops. I really like this function.  They are also great for phone calls. I don’t know how something so small can be so clear, but they are. People on the other end of the line don’t even know that I’m talking earbuds.
No issues. Authentic Apple AirPods.
Sound is great, battery holds and charges fast
Love it, got it quickly with no problems!
The best headphones. But you have to know if apple headphones fit your ear.
Never using anything other than air pods again. Extremely cool, extremely useful, mind blowing experience.
great product. worth the arm and leg
I travel, walk, ride bike and I use these all the time. They fit great and the battery is great. The only thing I would say on the negative is the sound quality could be better.
good quality
What to say - Apple product at Amazon - Best combination; the apple earpods are just awesome and crystal clear!
I hate the EarPods compared to the old style ear buds apple used to include.  They didnt hang in my ears right and wouldnt stay in so I assumed for a long time I would have similar issue with the Airpods for a long time.  It wasnt until I tried a pair and realized they werent bad.  Now these are easily my favorite headphones for my iphone period.  I always have them with me due to the small size of the case.  So if I end up going out shopping with my wife, I can just toss them in and listen to music or a podcast or whatever. They stay in very well, they do fall out if I bend over and tilt my head to one side, but otherwise I can jog with them in and they stay put.
I love them to much!
Very good.
Came really fast and I’m super happy with my product, they even bubbled wrapped the box the make sure it was completely safe until it’s arrival. I recommend it
They’re small and awesome. Sound is good and they look nice.
It wasn’t a knock off. The charger port worked fine and it connected without any problems. It came in the apple packaging, as I hoped.
Wish it would have better integration with Android. But I love these. Excellent sound and I can hear other people talking to me
Box came open, only a sticker was holding the two flaps, tape was ripped
buy now!
Easy to pair, great sound. 10/10 would buy again.
Nice
These were a gift for my son and he loves them!  The sound great, look good and he has no complaints about the battery life.  They also came a day earlier than I was expected to receive them!
Great quality and stays in your ear!
Best wireless blue tooth headset whether apple or Android work great both ways more distance on apple products as expected
I love them
I was scared that I was gonna get scammed but they’re actually original, not used
I love my airpods! When I wear them, I dont even notice that theyre there because they are so comfortable. My only wish is that they could connect to non-apple products so that I could use them in school! Overall a great product and very good quality. I am on my second pair because I dropped the case in the street at night and didnt notice they fell out. I went back the next day and they had been crushed by a car. oops!
These were purchased as a Christmas gift and he loves them. I have listened with them once and the sound was great.
Great buy! I really love being wireless a lot more than I thought I would.
It was great.
The Air Pods are amazing, work with multiple devices (however most compatible with Apple Products) and are quality headphones. Although speculation of fakes, the headphones I received were 100% authentic. They work beautifully with my iPhone and sound great. Theyre also very durable, as I accidentally left them in my pocket and put them through a full wash cycle and they still work perfectly. For those looking for reliable wireless headphones, I would recommend!
They work great.
Daughters love them
The audio quality on these are pretty good, and the battery life is excellent. They are a little pricey at $150 but the convenience of going wireless is worth it.
This package came in only 2 days after purchase and it’s one of the best things I’ve ever bought. Truly amazing and one thing you should note: THESE ARE THE AUTHENTIC ONES. I got these for my son that has headphones on all the time and goes to school with them. He was so happy for the past couple of days and that makes me happy. If you have any doubt about this, don’t have any they’re great!
They are working great. Strongly suggest them if you are a student and take them to school.
Good price and they work perfectly.
Came within 2 days, sound quality is great, cool
Fue best
Purchased for my kiddos and they love them.  They use them all the time at school, work, and in the barn!
Love my airpods. Wish they were cheaper, but the quality is amazing. Got a nice case and wear them with me whenever. No more tangled wires
I was hesitant to buy these based on some negative reviews as to whether they were truly new or not; I couldn’t be happier!!!! They arrived early, I took them out of the case and they immediately paired. They sound great and I’d highly suggest you buy these from Amazon for the convenience.
don’t like how small they are but they are great and have great sound quality!
Good
Apple is apple! for the wireless earbuds the best quality of sound! very comfortable! I use it every day for running and at gym, this is super comfortable amd also never falls down!
Love it.  Only complaint is that it is hard to keep the case clean.  A lot of little crevices around lid.
The AirPods are excellent. Noise cancellation would make them better. Great product!
Apple never disappoints with its user experience and design, and the AirPods are just the latest example. They seemlessly pair with your phone. Music automatically stops when you remove one from your ear—and resumes when you place it back. Had no trouble with them staying put in my ear, although, I wouldn’t do strenuous work or exercise with them on. They can get very loud, but don’t expect the quality of Beats or Bose on-ear headphones. Great purchase overall!!
These are headphones produce clearer sound when making calls on my iPhone than the built-in microphone. Sound quality is great, too.  I just wish they made a noise-isolating version.
Apple quality at its best
Charging Pod will not hold a charge less then 2 months from purchase. Earbuds work great. Update: after troubleshoot, cleaned all contact spots, device works great.
Theyre Apple AirPods, yes. I ordered new ones, yes. They look new, they feel new, and they sound new, but had previously been linked to someone elses device. Are they new? Or has someone found a way to sync to them while theyre still in the original packaging? I guess Ill never know. For real though. These work very well. I got them to ward off chatty co-workers so that I can get my work done and leave precisely at the end of a 40hr week. The fact that they play good quality music without the use of cables is just a bonus.
Great
Truly what you would expect from Apple a good quality  device.
Awesome product. Quality all around
I was cautious to buy airpods because I wasn’t sure if they were just a glorified version of the other apple headphones. These have much better sound, stay easily in your ears (and I have an abnormally large right ear canal) and charge incredibly quickly. These are a game changer in all aspects of listening.
I use them every day, mostly for listening to podcasts. I use them running with my Apple Watch. They have never fallen out. I do sometimes have connectivity issues, but I think its a watch problem. No tech I have ever owned has brought as much joy as these have. Ive convinced at least 5 other people to buy them. Highly recommend!
Worth every dollar. They work seamlessly and stay in your ears..evern during intense workouts. Very comfortable to and the the paring is soo easy.  Apple is struggling to keep up with the demand.. if that tells you anything.
I never thought that these were worth the $$ or would be comfortable!  One of the doctors I work for let me "try on" hers.  They are very comfortable and sound great!  I checked out the price on Apple, same price, just got them quicker!
I love these headphones! The battery life on them is excellent as well. Great buy.
These are so much better then regular head phones.  The sound is amazing.
Great deal AirPods at a cheaper rate than the Apple Store.
I purchased these as a gift for my kid.  Now she cant take them out because she never leaves the house without them.  They sound great!
Gift
Still cheap hard plastic that hurts and never fits quite right. Other than that, these are perfect.
I charge these maybe once a week and use them daily for working out. I they pair easily and sound better than the wired stock earbuds. The range is amazing. The latest update allows you to pick the action for the double tap on each earbud IE- Mine is set for Siri on the left double tap and change track on the right double tap.
Great wireless headphones that works best within the Apple ecosystem. Ease of connection and battery life are the highlights for me. I only have to occasionally charge the case and theyre always charged
Product is exactly as expected.  I can roam about without trying to figure without the untangle process.
Battery life and comfort could be better. How about a second version with the form fitting ear pieces?
quality is good. it came late because of the wildfire but overall is pretty good
Behind my iPhone, this is my favoritepurchase ever. The input and output quality is really amazing.
I have really enjoyed these Apple AirPods. I mainly use them for conference calls. For my long calls, I do have to use one ear at a time so that I can switch when the battery gets low but for the size and convenience these have been the best that I have used. The mic quality is better than other headphones I have tried so that is nice too.
Really like these headphones. Only wish they were a bit more comfortable after long usage but they are great nonetheless! Battery life is incredible. I go about 4 days before having to charge the case. Which is amazing because I can use my headphones down to 64% and recharge them multiple times until I have to charge the case. I highly recommend this product!
Bought these for my teen son. These are great EXCEPT for the one fact that they are hard to clean. The metal mesh on the part that goes in the ear needs to be cleaned often or the sound falters. He worries every time that he is going to damage them while cleaning them no matter how careful he is. He loves them and would give them a 5 except for the issue with the cleaning.
I can’t get enough of these!  They sound great, we’re a total breeze to pair and they hold a change.
GoodIt is so perfect and you should have one.
I know that some have said that theirs were fakes but I went on apple.com as soon as they got here before I opened them and put in the product number and it came back green saying they were real. Love them!
Wife loves them, sound great.
Great
Good quality brand
I’m happy
My phones bluetooth found the headphones right away and its been a great experience so far. Only annoyance is that it only works with apple products, so my PC cant connect, or when youre on a plane you have to remember to bring regular headphones. Battery life is pretty good. You just have to remember to put them back in the case after you use them.
Came fast, great quality
All good very happy with it
Do not stay put on the ears especially when doning floor exercises
So Ive been eyeballing this babe from the moment she came out. At first I thought this was the stupidest thing Ive ever laid my eyes on, but upon reading up on it and what not I started to want it more and more. Over the last few months Ive been trying out so many wireless headsets and while their music is good, the mic for the phone was always a huge downer for me. I do use the headset for the music but I am most happy with it because of the calls. Everyone can hear me loud and clear its not muffled in any way. Ive seen wireless blue tooth headphones that go up to $200 that had horrible calls & mics. But not with this. if I can listen to music and be able to talk to anyone without any hiccups then this is worth every dosh Ive put down.Oh did I mention this has never once cut out on me? If not then yeah this baby doesnt cut out when its in my pocket, like some other brands do. So if youre debating on it, I would say go for it!
Love it! The sounds it’s great!
Listening to music
Battery does not last as long as I thought it would
Just like the Apple Earpods, they fit gently in the bottom of the ears.  They are very light and comfortable, the sound quality is great (they can get VERY loud), and the build quality is as great as expected from Apple.  I use them with my LG Nexus 5X (Android phone), unfortunately the battery level doesnt report like other bluetooth devices, and the volume level isnt saved/unique to the device so I have to manually set the volume every time I switch between bluetooth in my car (full-volume) to these buds (low-volume).
Seller did good job in sending the item in 1 day. I was skeptical about how genuine it would be but, it is original and I checked its warranty on apple website and seems to be all good.
Happy buyer :)
Cmon, what could I expect. Good stuff.
I take A risk when I buy them but when they get to me I saw that they are original!!  Sorry I’m the pic they are a little bit dirty because I I’m doing the review like 2 months after I buy them ,they come in the original apple box
Best for everyday life use!!!
I tried several knockoff AirPods and NONE of them compare to these. They lasted an entire 8 hour shift continuous music play, and the sound is amazing. Totally worth the price!
Worked better than I expected
Music
Awsome waiting on airpods 2 to buy more works great with my s8 plus
Love these heat phones
Battery life pretty much sucks but you can charge them extremely fast in the case so not really an issue. they only fall out for me if Im jumping rope or get hit in the ear
I bought these AirPods for myself to use at work. I’ve had them for about one month and use them everyday for about 9 hours with the exception of me taking them off to charge. They fit very comfortably in my ears and the sound is great
Works perfectly, and I got my order 2 days ahead of the expected date.
Bought as a gift for my husband and he loves them. They arrived on time and in perfect condition, as described.
Great product, but I still think they are too pricey.
Sound awesome.
I like that they are comfortable and stay put even when exercising.
Verified product. Checked serial number
The fact that I can find nothing wrong!!!!!!
Excellent quality in all phases.  Thank you for making these.
Great product for the price very small though. It also would be better if it had a better battery life but it is worth the money!!!
Great for Facetime
Perfect pair with my iPhone.  Quality and comfort are excellent.
Great apple product!  Got these for my son for Christmas & he loves them!
For the most, I highly enjoyed this product. Very portable and easy to use; however, I had some connection problems. They were not too frequent so I would still recommend this product.
Great product!
My son purchased them so he can be cool at school and he seriously loves them. Great sound and battery life.
Perfect performance!
Easy to use, well build and overall design is amazing, typical APPLE !!
Probably one of the best purchases I have made to date. I honestly don’t know why I waited to long to get these earbuds. Pairing the buds to me iPhone was simple and worked in about two seconds and I was up and running. The sound quality is very good for earbuds, battery life is solid and even if you do run them down, just pop them in the case for 15 minutes and you’re back up and running. I bought these as I work in an office that allows us to listen to music/radio/podcasts, and felt like my EarPods with the wires kept getting in the way while I was typing. It felt like I was more concerned trying to manage the EarPods wire than focusing on my work.  These have been a god send. I just pop them in and in 2 seconds I’m connected. The mic quality is great as well. My wife called me as I was walking to my car after work one day and I answered on my iPhone until I could get to my car to pop in the AirPods, I did so and it was a seamless process, she couldn’t even tell that I had made the switch until I asked her how I sounded. Overall I can’t express how much I love these things. Yes, they may look odd at first but once you realize their usefulness you don’t care about how the look. Could you get better sounding wireless earbuds? Definitely but if you’re engrained into the Apple eco-system and not an audiophile these are top notch.
Excellent product. The sound is great. It has authentic stereo sound. It’s super easy to connect to the iPhone. Worth every penny! So many states are passing laws about hands free devices while driving, this will solve the issue while driving. Just put 1 airbud in your ear to stay legal. Sometimes you don’t want all passengers in the car to hear your call through the Bluetooth car system. You can talk on the phone hands free. Great!
Great but someone stole the case sooo kinda useless now
Bought these as a gift for my son. He absolutely loves them!!
The sound quality and the Bluetooth range is awesome. Great work Apple!
Purrrfect
Quality product and good price set here on amazon.
I love my airpods, easy to use, easy to charge, easy to carry. Easy to work out with which was what I worried about but no problem there.
I’m happy that I can listen to my music without bothering others.
Amazing ... the chargeable case lets them last ALL DAY ... great idea
They have a banging bass and they sound loud af. tuff tuff
Great sound and battery life.
This was the best deal on the market!
At first I was pretty hesitant to buy these given that they are expensive and also seem easy to lose. However they have been very useful for me
Great product!
Excelente y confiable
I like the color, quality and fit
Amazing
Excellent!
great for the gym, but not necessarily for music quality
This was an impulse buy at first. But when I received them and began using them I immediately got a phone call from the CEO of Apple asking me to take his job, so that was a huge plus. However, as a college student, after my friend found out that I had purchased these, they ratted me out to the financial aid office and now I am no longer eligible to receive financial aid. Long story short, great sound, great salary. But choose your friends wisely
In my job I have meeting that can last up to 3 hours and the pods only last for about 2 tops.
Good sound quality. Great durability and not a scam. I saw some reviews that said it was a scam, but it is not. Great overall product
Excelente
Truly great product!! Recommendable 100%
Ive had these for two months know. I got these primarily for work and podcasts during my commute. I take calls remotely about 50% of the time at work. However, the quality, and seemless pairing, I no longer even use my landlines at work. I did not get these for person music or working out. However, the quality is good, they stay in place while working out, and I now use it for that. These buds are lightweight, easy to connect, long charge, portability, and legit, just a gamechanger. I even find myself staying in contact with friends and family more just because the quality and no wires makes it so much easier. I can hear my mom perfect even on the noisy T (boston subway) and she only hears me. Highly recommend. worth the price of admission.
Can’t believe how great they sound. Using them a lot more than I thought I would
I love these. I can run and lift weights in them. Unless you’re looking for super loud headphones with good bass then these aren’t for you. You’re better off with studios. I like how small they are and it almost feels like I’m not wearing headphones.
Works well
The battery lasts long and it comes with a charger.
Love these!!!!!!!!!!!! So many features, so convenient, well-made, adorable case!
Best
The best! So easy to work, clean or grocery shop and listen to books, music or talk on the phone. Great design, easy to install and use! Great battery life.
One works the other doesn’t.
They’re perfect! Everything is as it says!
Got these for my husband for his birthday and he LOVES them!!
Hola hoy ya recibi mis audifunos me encantan pero me aparece q me enviaran otros para el 5 de diciembre pero ya no lo quiero solo un pedido hice.
Great product.
No dislikes bad ass
Awesome !
Battery life outstanding! Last me the whole day and I can charge them by simply putting them back in there case and not having to connect them! Quality material and sound quality is crisp and clear! Bass is good but could be better! I love the quick connectivity from the moment you open your AirPod case they appear on your iPhone and switches to your MacBook so fast as well! Overall Great product!
Bought these to sue with my Windows PC and Android (Samsung) device. I like this style of earbuds (not the in-ear type) so I was very limited to mostly Apple knockoffs. They all are a hassle to pair since the earbuds are individual devices, so I took a risk and bought Apple Airpods since I saw that they pair very easily and work together out of the box. I didnt want to spend $150~ to be disappointed, and I wasnt. These are super simple to pair with Windows and Android, and you dont have to fiddle with the individual earbuds since the charging case does the pairing. Theres also very little audio delay compared to the other wireless earbuds Ive used.  Apple is still overpriced, but for the convenience I think I will be glad with this over time.
good
very good, works very well with my other i-product
There good
Convenient, always charged up and ready to go!
I think I am happy to be among the lucky few to get this new before it went out of stock. Pros Super lightweight You can use either of the two airpod. I mean its not a must to use both. Decent sound Battery charges fast. Cons -the price is hefty. -the battery runtime could be longer
I really did enjoys these from day one of the use of these, just wish they came in black ;)
Excellent
Isn’t noise cancelling, that’s a bummer. Could be more comfortable, too.
Comfortable fit, great sound, good battery life. Excellent product
I highly recommend this product. It’s authentic Apple brand no doubt about that.
I recommend
The original product. Registered apples and 1 year warranty. Thank you seller.
I wear this all the time. Its so comfortable that I dont even notice theyre there.  I also run with them on and have no issue of it falling off.  Best product ever.  Going to buy the next generation one also
Like the title says this has become hands down my favorite purchase of 2018. Every feature of these earbuds just works perfectly and seamlessly. You take them out, they pair, you listen. I didnt really understand how awful earbud cords were until I went wireless. My commute is so much better. They stay in my ears solidly. The only time they flew out was when I got cocky and thought I could take something off over my head with them in. Worth every penny.
I ripped my wired Apple headphones out of my ears so many times on accident. I disliked unraveling the wires multiple times each day. The wires got dirty. It took me a while to get AirPods because of the expense, but I asked for them from Santa and so have had them for nearly a year now. Not as life-changing as the Apple Watch, but still a substantial improvement from wired headphones. If only the bass was better, and they didnt sometimes want to fall out. The main problem with these, as anyone can guess, is not losing them. Apple needs to alert you on your iPhone if only one AirPod is within range, because that almost certainly means that youve dropped the other one. And some kind of locator needs to be implemented - make the AirPod play a noise or vibrate - to help find them. But these nitpicks aside, I wouldnt give my AirPods up, no way.
Great product
Solid, consistent, apple product.
My son bought theses a couple weeks ago and I ordered pair this week. Each time the package came in 4 days earlier than expected. I can’t say enough about the quality . Apple has there stuff together. So easy to use. Excellent quality. I will recommend them strongly
Good
I like that there is no wire and good bass and loud
That was a good thing I was gotten!
I could not be more happy about these airpods! Totally worth every penny. They stay in my ear perfect, sound is great, talking with them is great, and connecting to a device is super easy and very little effort! I have an LG phone too and they are completely compatible with the airpods!! Oh and the battery life last FOREVER! Ive had them for 3 days now, and still have 50 percent bettery life on the case and only charged it once! The airpods charge up so quickly in the case too! It is unfortunate that my phone does not actually show me the battery life on them, but again i dont have an iPhone, lucky my roommate does so i can just check the stautes with his devices, which is super easy to do as well!! 100 percent satisfied customer!! 
Absolutely love these things
Son’s favorite Christmas gift. Works great
I love these.  They fit so well in my ear and dont make me sore like other ear pieces did.
This product is amazing!  I would definitely buy again
What a great product! Very crisp and clear. Can’t say enough good things about these air pods.
Purchased for my husband for Christmas. He loves them!
I have android phone and Ive tried couple of different types of bluetooth ear sets and I returned them all because they all had issue with the sound system. Apple airpods just cant go wrong. They are the best! Dont waste your time searching.  Just buy airpods! This will also replace all your other gears for listening to music.
Great gift
I use this product everyday. The battery life is amazing and the charger/holder recharged the pods quickly. Pairing is seamless and the double tap Siri feature works great.
These AirPods are original and work phenomenal. On the box it has a serial number and you can validate if they’re indeed an Apple product , which in fact it is . I love how easy and simple they’re to use . Definitely worth every penny .
I was Greatly Satisfied !
Awesome... cant imagine my life without them
The sound quality is amazing
I was planning to give these AirPods as gifts.  I just hoped it could be ordered and delivered as promised.  Everything went well and I am satisfied.
Another awesome Apple product. It’s increasingly all the different features it has.
Good product
real apple airpods. registered with apple one year warranty!
Perfect and exceeds expectations.
Very satisfied
I love these!!!
This is an amazing product.  I have no problem holding them in my ears, even to the point that I forget they are there.  I use them with my computer, iPad, and iPhone.  To date, I have not had a battery problem.
My wife and Daughter love them !  Wish they wouldn’t have waited so long
These airpods hold the signature superior quality and sound clarity of apple audio (as well as the traditional lack of noise canceling), and the only complaint I had was that there was a visible seam where two different parts came together on the airpods. One primary aspect one considers when purchasing wireless earbuds is the battery life. However, the airpods case is a boon to this problem, as whenever youre not using them, simply placing them in the case will automatically charge them. The magnetic ports were a nice touch that added a sense of luxury to the clean design of the case while adding practicality. The airpods themselves have never run out of battery on me, and I use my airpods every day. They are great for working out because they leave your the rest of your ear open as to not generate excess heat, and they stay in your ear even during intense workouts.
I love it it works perfect specially when I am working
My teenage kids love these wireless earbuds. The carrying / charging case is a smart convenience.
Great quality and i bought them cheaper than Apple is selling them.
I use my AirPods every single day for most of the day.  Im frequently amazed at how well they stay in, the sound quality and ease of use.  Love how they are able to "jump" between apple devices.
good quality
Comfortable ear bud with excellent sound.
The material is good and the product is brand new.
This was a birthday present for my 13 year old nephew. He loves them!
Work perfectly
Perfect.  Now I always have headphones with me and they are always charged.  There is a lot I could say... these are just genius really. I’ve had expensive Bluetooth headphones that rarely got used.  (Beats).  Who wants to carry them around?  These AirPods fit easy in your pocket and since the case is a charger... they are always charging when not in use.  Always fully charged when you go to use them.  Pure genius. Always ready.  They connect instantly with your phone whenever you pop one in your ear.  A pleasant tone let’s you know youre connected.  Done.  No hassle with pairing, powering on, etc.  These just work.  Every time. Game changer.  Worth the MONEY!!!!  Don’t even hesitate.
Good
Love them. use them every day.
good clear sound and decent battery life
Tried imitations, spend the extra money and get these.
I love my airpods definitely worth the purchase.  After looking on 3 sites, these were the cheapest.
I waited and got these recently at around $150 before the announcement of the next gen coming out at some point. Love the sound and happy with the battery life. They stay in my ears well, just like the wired ones. I just dont choke myself any more
This is a year and a half review! Yes, I have owned and used these for 1.5 years. I used them daily! They fit extremely well in my ears(some people have ears that don’t comfortably take any of apples earphones) dampens outside sound just fine, I’m VERY VERY impressed with the battery life of both the case and airpods. I charge my case MAYBE once a month and i use mine daily. When the airpods themselves get low on power they charge in the case everytime you put them in. Seriously battery life is unreal. Sound quality I’m pleased with, yes there are better quality earbuds as far as bass and overall sound goes, but to me these are above average and the ease of use, portability, and battery surpass a slight drop in sound quality. My only complaint and it’s not even a big deal, is the magnets on the case lid attract debris that gets jammed and smashed between body and lid and stained it. There are lots of threads on this, it’s just something you have to deal with. Rubbing alcohol helps.
as expected
Excelente
I absolutely love my airpods. I received mine as a gift last December then purchased this set for my 16 year old daughter.
One of my all time favorite purchases. Fits my lifestyle perfectly
Very easy to wear, works great if you are planning to use it while exercise.
Very nice sounds good too
Worked good.  My daughter loves them.  She wishes they held a charge longer.
They just work. All you do is put them in and start up Spotify and that’s it. No pairing. No wondering if they’ll play or not. Battery lasted longer than expected. If you’re waiting for the next version....don’t. You won’t miss much. And they don’t fall out.
Best sound quality, smart  Bluetooth ear bud devices! Bought $40 knockoffs and hated them. These AirPods are worth the money, wish I had bought them sooner!
These are working perfectly. They arent refurbished as I checked the serial on Apples website.
Great quality.  My granddaughter loves them!
Im not a big fan of Apple, but I love these things. Full disclosure, I did not get my pair from Amazon. -Pros Solid sound quality, not mind blowing but good. Very comfortable in my ears, I prefer the hard plastic over the gummy stuff. Solid battery life, especially with the charging case. Surprisingly good job at staying in your ears. -Cons They are pricey. These are probably the best wireless earbuds on the market, but they are expensive and Im not going to pretend the sound quality matches the price. Ive used $30 on ear headphones that sound just as good. Not amazing on non apple products. I have an android phone, and it certainly takes longer to connect, and isnt quite as responsive, as they would be with an Iphone. Despite my criticisms, I think these are great and will likely buy the next generation when theyre available.
This product is quite awesome, I have enjoy using the AirPods. At the beginning I honestly didn’t understand the hype but after buying one for myself, I can’t deny the fact that they are comfortable and easy to use. Also it charges quite fast.
I use these headphones all the time - at the gym, in the garage, in the office and doing lawn work. They connect so easily to my iphone and the battery lasts such a long time. Ive owned these for a couple months now and have only charged the case twice so far. I just wish there was an easier way to control volume without using the phone buttons.
I like that it syncs automatically with my iPhone, but can be glitchy at times. I had to purchase ear hooks to properly use them otherwise they would fall out.
I am surprised at how these fit. The sound is great, both the receiver and the microphone.  The design is sleek and I havent lost them yet!
Terrific sound, keep a charge a long time, and I love how my apple phone stops playing whatever Im listening to at the moment if I pull them out. So happy with these! The only negative is they look a little strange like q-tips hanging out of your ears, but Im seeing so many people wearing these around now, its not that weird.
Funcionan muy bien!!
Great product
These are authentic Apple airpods! I totally recommend these for people looking for wireless headphones, they stay in place and have very good connection.
First of all, I was a little skeptical and worried about purchasing these since some people were saying they didn’t receive authentic AirPods. Well, I ordered new, directly from Amazon, and I received authentic and unopened ones. They work great, sound quality is high, connectivity was quick and easy, and are much more comfortable than I initially expected. I got a phone call right as I connected them as well, and I had no trouble. Microphone seemed to work perfectly fine as well. They were however priced $10 higher than Apple sells them for, but since I had money in Amazon gift cards + American Express points to apply towards my purchase, it didn’t really make a difference to me. My husband and I both had beats headphones previously, and both have a pair of these now. Definitely recommend this product, especially if you are an Apple user.
Just like they were pictured. Great product.
Music
Literally the most consistent/easy to use Bluetooth headphones Ive ever used. Almost never disconnect or have static and the range is really far. Audio quality isnt great, but its definitely within the range youd expect for in-ear headphones. At this price, it does the job.
These are awesome. Definitely worth the money
They have a great sound and the battery lasts a long time. I use them all the time.
Love the sound but the battery life can be improved.
Bien
Very convienent. Obviously you’re not getting the sound quality of wired/over-the-ear headphones but pretty good for bluetooth, also the mic quality is awesome. Charge time is pretty quick, but they don’t last all day so if you’re planning on using them 8+ hours a day you’ll need to put them in the case for like 30 minutes.
Purchased this item as a gift.
The Apple Airpods are super easy to connect to your devices and work well when doing various things around the house or working out. I love them!
Love it I will say the again love it
Great AirPods. A little pricey but well worth the money. I purchased some less expensive ones and returned them and purchased these. Good choice.
It’s great.  I have issues pairing sometimes.
Awesome quality, fast delivery, love my new airpods!
LOVE LOVE LOVE. I just wish they were softer because I have sensitive inner ears, but even then they are really comfortable and work extremely well. I cant believe I didnt know these existed until my husband told me about them.
Work great
Son uses these all the time
Bought two pair they don’t fall out unless bumped we love them
Very good, not sure why some reviews claimed not to be authentic.
User friendly, comfortable,  sound quality is amazing.
I am so glad I got these. I wanted them for workouts and running but has concerns. 1. They are just as good as regular earpods, if not a little bit better. 2. The volume is loud enough to zone out the surroundings. 3. The battery life is awesome, a week of workouts with one charge of the case. 4. They dont fall out of my ears! (I was really concerned about this). I run and Ive never had an issue with them falling out of my ears. 5. Super easy to pair with phone. You only have to pair the one time and they connect automatically. If youre unsure or on the fence, I would recommend these airpods.
Great headphones, I use them everyday. Sound quality and functionality are perfect
Best earbuds that I have ever purchased and stay put even during vigorous exercise.
Loved them
It is cool device. It’s sound very good and easy to use, looks find!!
Works great
Great headphones. They stay put, have great sound, great for running
Love these so perfect
The real deal. Theyre my favorite headphones to use now. So lightweight that I forget Im wearing them sometimes (can be good or bad lol). I havent had an issue with running in them, but might just be due to the shape of my ear. They are not noise-cancelling. I wish they were, but found out its purposely not so runners can hear a car passing them. You can buy attachments/ear hooks to make them a little more noise-cancelling, but its difficult to put them in the case, so I just wear them as is.
Works great...overall an amazing product. Was skeptical at first in regards to fit and sound...my mind was blown!
Nothing
Generally I am quick to adopt new technology but for some reason, I felt that AirPods were an unnecessary expense.  Boy, was I wrong! I absolutely love them; sound is great, they are secure in the ears, no wire/plugins to contend with.  Had no problems with Apple product registration.
Great product.
Actual apple product. No nick off
These are high quality and pair easily with my Apple devices. They work well for phone conversations as well as with my Audible recordings. There is a lot more enhanced bass in the AirPods. For dialogue, the extra bass can muddy up the individual words at times but the volume is louder and often richer in quality. Would love to have the option of reducing the bass and increasing the middle tones. Then it would be 5 star in sound for me.
Great
It’s great
Enjoying this purchase
My kids love them!
Love them
I got my new best friend. The best  product. Great quality . Can’t replace it ever.
Listen to podcasts
A+++
These are the real deal. I didn’t receive fake ones. I have 2 pairs of these and they are both authentic.
Granddaughter loves them
This was a genuine apple product. Perfect in every way
Great sounding earbuds! Works seamlessly with the iPhone X. Super comfortable to wear. The one problem is the fall out easily during workouts, especially running. The Bose Sportsound Free fit much better since the yips are soft and adjustable. The Bose also have great sound.
The positive side of the airpod is that they are very practical/easy to use!
Bought a pair and like them  so much that I’ve bought another pair for my wife.  Like them so much that I already decided if I lose them I will have to buy another pair immediately. Best ultra portable product  by Apple outside iPhones ? My poppy apparently also likes them. He already left his tooth marks on them. What can I say. Thinking to buy third pair...
Purchased as a birthday gift for my 14 year old son. He loves them. I tried them out and the sound quality was better than I expected for ear buds. Very portable and lightweight.
Is very good
Love them
It’s apple...you expect quality and durability
Great ear phones
Whats inside? The Apple AirPods offers a set of earphones with a charging case which comes with a charging cable. I was initially skeptical about the AirPods given that I would need to carry the case around me wherever I go. However, when I opened the package and saw the case, it was smaller than I had anticipated. I barely even feel it when Im walking around with it. The sound quality is decent, if youre an audiophile, you may be disappointed. As for myself, the sound quality is good enough. I can hear the bass clearly as well as the high notes from the guitar as well. There has been no sound distortion coming from the AirPods even when played loudly. Features The AirPods have a feature where you can double tap on one of the earphones to interact with your phone. The options that you have is activating Siri, play/pause, next track, and previous track. All of these options are accessible through your iPhone bluetooth setting for the AirPods. Personally, the features work well for me using the iPhone, however, when Im using my MacBook, the double tap isnt registered and nothing happens. Using the double tap feature is nice and all but I think there should be a more eloquent method of interacting with your device rather than tapping. Overall, this product is worth the investment if you use earphones frequently. I never had these die on me since I usually have them in their case when they are not in use. I would recommend this to family and friends.
Daughter wanted them and she loves them
LOVE THEM
Work great for running & work. Easy to set up & use. Great customer service.
My son loves these he bought these with his chore money and he let me wear them one day and they fit really comfortably and the sound quality is nice he’s very happy with these
These feel great work great and sound great. Everything you would expect from Apple.
Came new and authentic
Easy setup
Exercise
They great just wish they stayed charged a little longer
Excellent sound quality - works flawlessly with iPhone. Dont waste your money buying cheap imitation airpods - just get the real deal!
Awesome I love them
Ordered for Christmas Present and liked them very much!
I love how fast it connects to my devices as well how long these stay charged
This is genuine. Ive been using it for a month and I wear it every day. This stuff is awesome.
It’s apple need I say more?
AirPods, AirPods, everyone hated the look of you be now look who’s king! AirPods are definitely a good investment and I’ve found myself using them a lot for music and watching videos. Sound quality is pretty good, maybe a little better than the standard EarPods, could use a little more bass but other than that it’s awesome! As for the materials used for AirPods, it’s glossy plastic, at first I thought that if I was paying $159 for Bluetooth headphones I would need a better material but this material feels premium. One con about it though is it gets VERY dirty. Lots of random things kinda stick to the case and lots of trash gets stuck in the case. Battery life is also, unexceptional, of course it’s Apple! The earbuds themselves last around 5 hours and the case can charge it 5 more times, for a total around 24 hours!! I can go WEEKS without charging the casing. The charging is fast and it can get 3 hours of playtime in just 15 minutes. Amazing. I’ve tested these underwater, they last and don’t stop working, but if you use them in a pool or you’re fully submerged under water than they don’t play music... Don’t worry! It’s not the AirPods fault! It’s just hard for a Bluetooth signal to get under water, not that you broke your shiny new $159 AirPods. The paring is seemless. So many options to customize these little things! It automatically pauses music if you take one out of your ear, great if you need to chat. In conclusion, AirPods is a great buy. With pretty good sound quality, GREAT battery life and premium glossed plastic they are a great buy and I wouldn’t return them. Sure, $159 is a lot to spend on some earbuds, but it’s apple, it’s gonna be high quality and it will probably put a hole in your wallet. So if you’re looking for some nice Bluetooth earbuds and have some money to spend, then I reccomend them, however, if you use android or would like better sound quality I would reccomend that you save for some Beats Solo 3’s, which have the same seamless pairing process with the W1 chip, or if you have an android device, you could just get WAY cheaper Bluetooth earbuds as the special features of the AirPods aren’t compatible with anything other than Apple products. NOT Saying that AirPods aren’t compatible with anything other than apple products, just its special features. Thank you for reading this long post.
Love these headphones
I shouldn’t have bought any other headphones.  The AirPods are totally worth every penny.
I like it
Absolutely amazing!!
I got them as a gift. i thought they were so cool the second i got them. in reality, its just another hyped up apple product. the music quality is okay, if it falls, very easy to lose and get scratched. if my hair is down and i need to tie it up, the headphones are already in my ear, 9/10 times it will fall out of my ear. battery life is decent, i could go a week or at least 6 days without charging them. extremely easy to connect to new devices. not worth the money, but if you want to fit in then go ahead.
I was a little skeptical about ordering these at first not knowing whether or not I would receive a real apple product but they are legit! So excited to use them!
Great product
These are awesome . Stays in ear better than you would think . Just makes things simple . Only complaint is sometimes when you put them in your ear I’ve wont connect right away and have to take in and out your ear a couple times . But more often than not it’s not a problem . Overall I recommend
I love the AirPods. They work well and connect easily. The battery don’t last as long as my other Bluetooth headphones. But besides that love them.
I bought these over Christmas Break and they didnt arrive until today because of high demands, First look, they look amazing, WAY smaller than the knockoffs that I bought to see how wireless airbuds work. These were made of great tight and durable plastic (or maybe metal?) and the top is magnetic, it is very small in general, and could fit in your pocket without trouble. The airpods themselves are as small as the apple earphones,  They are very light, and when in stressed conditions, they do not drop out of your ears. Sound quality is amazing, better than the stock apple earphones. and if you have an iphon7 or later, you could take advantage of the auto connecting technology with apples W1 chip, once the airpod is out of the case, it just automatically connects to the first phone that it was connected to. Amazing capabilities with the latest Apple iOS 5/5 Overall great product! the only cons is that it costs 159.00, pretty expensive for people who cannot make this investment. I thought that is was very worth it for the money.
No more cords.. absolutely love them!
Pretty good, lot of people hate tho lmao
Good and easy to use last long for couple hours thank yo
What a great product! Love everything about these
Good lol
Awesome!
I like the double tap
Sound was great
Game changer for exercising, no wires, connects to Apple watch to play music.  Best of all, late night movie watching in Apple tv I use em and they rock, if you take one ear out the movie pauses... hahah
It took me a little bit to jump on the AirPod bandwagon but I’m so glad I did. I bought them mainly for work so I can listen to my music while I work or even enjoy my shows at lunch privately. The charge lasts a long time for me and the responsiveness with my phone makes me happy to hear that little chirp when it knows it’s in your ear. They are as good if not better than the standard cable cords. Much more comfortable than the cables ones & seem smaller. Long periods of time I have to take them out bc they do start to irritate my ear and will feel sweaty but can start using them again after a few minutes without trouble. Really glad I splurged on these
I totally thought these were a luxury - but then came to rely on them every day, multiple times a day! Because they were a luxury, I purchased from Amazon to use my points. However, I lost one of the dag things this week. Apple said they would sell me a single replacement, but couldnt because I bought from Amazon. Amazon wont sell a single - they just invited me to buy a whole new set. So, bummer - I wish I had bought directly from Apple.
Exactly what I was looking for. Don’t buy the knockoffs like I did. Can’t beat the real thing.
I dont understand the Airpods hype. At first I wanted a pair. I just got a pair today. They sound just like the Earpods. There kinda annoying because they fall out of your ears. Also, is there a way to make it where if you put them in your ears they wont detect automatically?
I love my airpods but they tend to fall out when I do workouts. I had to buy rubber attachments to put over the airpods so they wouldnt wiggle around.
Sounds great
Grandson in college loved these!
Very good product. Sound is about the same as normal headphones but battery life is a lot better then I would have expected.
LOVE THESE!! AMAZING! MY BEST PURCHASE! I AM FRUGAL AND WAS HESITANT TO BUY THEM BUT I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM!! BATTERY LIFE IS LONG AS WELL
Love um...
These things are a game changer! No need to mess around with untangling cords in order to be hands free. The AirPods provide great sound quality, easy touch/voice activated controls, and a battery carrying case. Worth the money!
I use these every day and am so happy with the purchase. They charge extremely fast and are very quality.
Muy buenos!
Not really worth the money but youre paying for the Apple name the knockoffs work just as well
No question about Apples quality but wait time to get them wasn’t appealing.
CONVINENT
I love my AirPods!! The sound quality is amazing. I can listen to my music without any cords, great for people who are known to be a bit clumsy, lol! The only thing I would change is the battery life. I wish they got a longer lasting charge! The great thing is it only takes 15 minutes max to charge your AirPods completely! I 100% would recommend to people who are curious. It’s worth the money! Just don’t lose them!
Sounds great and exactly what I was looking for in wireless headphones. Never going back!
These look so good on/in my daughters ears.  We will need to order another set soon, she misplaced one at school.  She really enjoys them and they drown me out.
If your in the market and on the fence about which ear buds to go with.. look no further.  These are honestly the best quality all around.  Would definitely buy them again.  Sound quality and phon call clarity during calls is fantastic.  I’m on them all day long for work, I just switch ears when one gets low on charge.  Very quick charge time.  Great product, very happy with them.
I had a generic version which was ok, but when I got those real Airpods, I noticed why it costs more. The battery really lasts more than double from the generic versions.
reliable
They lose battery life fast but if you’re looking for wireless headphones, these are the easiest to use, and the best sound quality.
Sound great for what they are and last a long time works on my s8 plus just turn on media volume sync
Quality item, authentic and happy with purchase
Feel like the hinge to the lid on my case is a little cheap but it may just be a small defect in mine. Sounds good, feels good, lasts a very long time. Saved $15 buying here
great
Meh
Great Stereo Sound, Awesome Battery Life. Would Recommend
As advertised
Super awesome
Love em.
Great apple brand air pods!
Don’t know if it’s joust me but they do cut out sometimes
Sound quality is obviously not the strong point of the AirPods, but they are really convenient + great for phone calls.
Great item. Easy setup.
Great!
Awesome sounds and they fit nicely in your ears,  I don’t feel like they could fall ease they stay in when I’m running my John Deere 1023e when cutting grass or using the loader.
Great sound and really comfortable to use.
Awesome
they scratch and leave marks easily
Given as a gift to my grandchild. She is very pleased with them!
This is my second set. They don’t survive the washing machine so check your pockets!  Cannot day enough good thing about them. Even give them as gifts to spread the awesomeness.
After having this for about a year I have noticed the battery life fades.
Just purchased for my daughter for xmas and so far so good.
My son loves his AirPods!
After reading some of the reviews I was skeptical to buy this given that some people say they have gotten knock-offs (or even a Duracell battery in one case).  I checked my serial number online and the produce is indeed genuine. Many years ago, I bought an early ipod and spent weeks dealing with technical support.  Ultimately, Apple just issued me a refund.  The experience left me completely jaded with Apple products.  My firm gave me an iphone and I decided to buy some airpods.  The airpods have completely changed my view of Apple for the better.  The airpods are well built and connect flawlessly with my iphone 8 plus.  The sound is incredible, and yes they stay in your ears even when running at the gym.  They are a bit pricey but are completely worth it.  As a person who formerly said they would never buy another Apple product it is hard to say.....but....well done Apple!  These things are totally awesome!
Excellent quality ,sound and love the charging case
My brother seems to like them
I love how mobile I can be when I have this product on and how easily it syncs to my products.  I’ve bought cheaper wireless earbuds and this one is far worth the money.
First, if you love the headphones that come with your iPhone this Air pods are a must get. Theyre pricey, but you get what you are paying for. I cant go without this headphones for a day. I take them everywhere I go. The battery life is pretty good, but when they run out of battery you only charge them for like 5-10 minutes and you already have enough battery to go for another 5-6 hours. I was very hesitant at first to spend the money, but after I got them I now cant go without them. Again if you enjoy wearing the headphones that come with your iPhone, you are going to love this things for sure.
Great
I got these for my grandson and he loves them, my wife listened to them and said they sounded fantastic, I ordered them about two weeks before Christmas and was very pleased with the quick delivery time, well before Dec. 25th.
Was a gift
Battery didn’t last long.... if you lose things very easily, do not buy!!
Battery life is kind of short, besides that, better than expected
My daughter loves them. They work great
I love my AirPods.  I got them primarily for listening to audio books at the gym.  I set my phone by my bags and can listen to my book easily and comfortably in the gym.
They good for flexin on the peasants that still use wired headphones
My daughter loves them.
Enjoying them
Excellent sound
Volume could be louder. I have to go to max volume aon Apple Music if I am riding the train
Super light to wear. Good sound. Siri access is also nice.
Great product and decent price
They are amazing but they get dirty and it’s hard to remove it but they are well worth it
Excellent
Great
Worth the money
Awesome
Great headphones!
Love. Good battery life. Awesome sound
Husband loves them
I love my AirPods use them everyday.
Bought these for my son for Christmas! He loves them! He uses them all the time!
Very nice
I bought this for my sister. It works good. Thx.
It’s amazing how it works and comfortable!!!
dont know not enough time to  have used much needs a place to connect a lanyard
Good
Great gift
Good product. Got them for my boyfriend. He loves them. Just wish the battery life was longer, but it’s apple what do you expect.
On time, as described
Love the features and the portability!
Husband got them for Christmas.  Loves them.  They work well
Just got these - love them - but I haven’t had them long enough to give a good review on battery life
While the price may be steep for some, the earbuds are great. They connect seamlessly to your phone, quickly and well. The battery life is great, lasts as much as promised. Im looking forward to the newer version that does not get damaged from water or perspiration. Some friends of mine complain the earbuds dont fit their ears correctly so I would encourage trying them on first and making sure you dont commit financially.
it gets scratched and dented easily but either then that it’s good
Love these, work great, charge fast and stay alive a long time.
These are simply the best and pair quickly.  Put them in your ears and it they connect and sound quality is quite good.
Great for road trips and working out!!
These are one of my favorite things from Apple.  So easy to use, sound great, good battery life.  Love them.
Awesome product
Soooo i have an android lol but it connects to my note 8 just fine no issues great sound i wish it was a bit more compatible so I could know how much life the base has.
HATERS WILL HATE and LOVERS WILL LOVE. Bluetooth connection is top notch! Call quality is top notch! Style is impeccable! The masses agree its a must! It connects so flawlessly, its beautiful. The only real thing to be concerned about is getting this little thing stolen. Its so easy to connect that anyone can grab it and connect it to theirs.
Good product
Love the battery life.
Use these daily.  Call voice quality is great, much better than any other Bluetooth headset I have ever used for business phone calls
Very nice. It is literally SO nice how you never have to turn them on or off. They just connect instantly! Amazing 9/10 recommend I just feel they are easy to lose.
On God these AirPods are nice
The best!!!!
Great product
What a bang
Excellent product!
Love them. Bought twice.
Love the tapping feature which can be changed to preferences. Its better sounding quality and fit as to wired earpods
EXCELENTES 100% RECOMENDABLE, SON AUTENTICOS DE APPLE! MUY BUEN SONIDO
Ordered for my child at her asking.  She is very pleased and uses them when she works out.
Excellent sound quality
Litteraly Never dies
Great item!
Completely surprised as to how well these are working. I’ve only charged them one time since I got them and I’ve been on 20 hours of plane rides/being stuck in the airport.  I also use them at the gym daily, they don’t fall out and they’re not uncomfortable. I haven’t tried running in them yet, but other than that they’re perfect for me.
excellent product
Ugh these are fantastic. They charge quickly and the case holds a lot of charge. Clean packaging. Sound is great. Kind of hard to clean though, the little dust particles that get into the case. The double tap feature works nicely and they connect easily with my phone.
Great choice! Glad I bit the bullet on these
Works perfectly. Great for exactly what I needed. My only worry was that they will fall out to easy. But they dont!
Great product. They are original.
Great item- easy to use
I love them
These are real Apple AirPods! Couldn’t be more happy with my purchase. I get pretty sweaty during my workouts and my regular Apple earbuds with a cord sometimes fall out toward the end of my workout due to sweat - I haven’t had a problem at all with the AirPods
Just recently got them, love them. Haven’t compared them to other headphones in terms of sound quality, but not really concerned with that. They work great, charger is really convenient, and stay in ears really well.
Love it!
To be honest I didn’t read the bad reviews I saw “Apple” and thought it was safe. 3 days into waiting for the order I decided to read the reviews and I was in awe when I saw so many bad reviews of people receiving batteries, fake products etc. needless to say I was concerned about my pending delivery...terrified amlost. The box arrived today and it was all that was advertised. Genuine product with s great build and great sound quality. I definitely recommend buying.
Love it is a great product
As all apple products are possessing a high quality, they are perfectly integrated into the apple ecosystem. However, I think that the sound quality can be improved. I do not recommend it for users who do not use iOS or MacOS devices. If you are an Apple user, these are for you!
This is just what Apple fans need.  they work great and easy to use.  kinda pricey.  make sure you order a silicon sleeve to put around the case.  the case is very slippery.
Product can be very slippery. A case could help prolong device life. Good product. Been using for a couple of months now. No issues so far
My daughter enjoys them, she’s 38.
Love The True Wireless
The item arrived on time and was excellent
I love these ear buds and the features that they offer. The only reasons I didn’t give them 5 stars is that they can hurt my ears sometimes. Also, they stay in fairly well, but will fall out with certain movements (bending over, etc.).
I LOVEEEE these! I use them everywhere and cannot imagine living life with wires ever again (lol)!
Great sound
Love them!!! Best purchase and I didn’t want them. Have them as a gift to someone who already had them and decided to keep them for myself. Best decision ever!!!
These are great wireless earbuds, and the battery last all day and all night. Very comfortable and they stay in place.
Like everything about them.
Good purchase. How have I lived without these?  Thumbs up apple.
Xmas gift for my girlfriend, she loves them. She wishes they started in her ears a little better for some of her use cases.
The battery should last longer
Listen music and tv
Battery capacity is getting smaller, only used it for 3 months with extreme care
I really they had some of the features of my mono one ear Bluetooth device which tells me who is calling and I can answer verbally hands free, however they’re great for music and can be used for phone conversation as well.
Love love love it.  I usually don’t give a product such high praise, but these AirPods have totally lived up to its expectations!
Bought as a gift for my fiance and he loves them. I just wish the battery life was better.
These were a Christmas  gift. The person was very happy.
Love the Bluetooth quality once AirPods come out of box
For me, they have been very dependable. I use in the gym, in the steam room and the dry sauna. Never an issue
Son loved them
bought for my wife and she love these was easy to connect to phone
Great sound..so convenient,  awesome
Perfect!! Exactly what I wanted! Great service!!
The shipment arrived as promised.  So far so good.  Authentic Apple product and paired with Samsung Galaxy 9 with no problems
Though its not cheap, the product worth the price. The sound quality, connection, battery life are all good. Love this!
I am extremely hard to please but these air pods were the best buy I have made in a long time.  They were came in the mail earlier than anticipated and was in PERFECT condition and I have NOT ANY issues. I am purchasing my husband a pair today.
Bought these for my Dad as a gift and he said theyre good.
I don’t know why people say they’re getting fake AirPods but these are the greatest thing I put to my ear
Finally got my Airpods and now I feel like Im a CEO of a company I dont even know I own. I flex on everyone that has wired headphones and I always talk loud when Im near people pretending Im making important business calls. These Airpods changed my lifestyle! I feel so much richer! Get Airpods now! I can guarantee you you these will change your life. Stop feeling sorry for yourself while feeling poor and get a pair Airpods.
Excellent headphones.  Super user friendly which is the best part.
Bought this for my mum for Xmas. Its real Apple product if yalls are worried its not. Works perfectly.
I tried a couple of brands of knock off pods and they were absolutely horrible! Difficult to charge, difficult to pair, difficult to use, and sounded horrible. The main thing about ALL knock offs is that you will have terrible sync issues if using them for video. Meaning, you will see a character say something and the audio will not match their mouth movements. If you’re texting, each click you here will be a second or two after you typed. Genuine Apple AirPods have zero sync issues while watching video because they use a fantastic processor and the technology and build quality are far superior. I have watched movies and such on Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu, and Plex and all were perfectly in sync. The case these reside in fill a few roles. They protect your Airpods, charge your Airpods, and also have a battery which can charge them again without a cable! Fantastic engineering here and the solid build quality you expect from Apple. The battery time on these is phenomenal, and charge time is insanely fast. Pairing these is a snap. Make sure your bluetooth is on and simply open the hatch on your case. Thats it! They will connect and show you the battery remaining on each Airpod and the battery remaining on the case battery. Use one at a time or both! Both have a mic and can be used alone or as a pair when answering calls or talking to Siri. You can also set a double tap function for both Airpods. For instance, I set mine up to skip to the next song or movie with a double tap to my left Airpod, and to pause if I double tap the right. Sound quality is also very, very good on these. Bose or Sennheiser quality? No. But they sound better than any other ear buds I own and Ive purchased a number over the years. I also purchased an inexpensive rubber case to cover my Airpod charging case, and it also came with two pair of tethers which fit nicely on the Airpods to keep them safe if running or working out. If one doesnt stay in it will simply hang around my neck. The kit also came with two pair of rubber shells to aid in keeping them in your ears. These go around the Airpods and create a more secure fit. (I dont have any trouble ever keeping mine in place, however.) There are many of these 7 in 1 type kits on Amazon and run around $10. So, if youre looking for quality bluetooth ear buds that wont break the bank and have features that most dont have, look no further. You should only pay $159 for these new, either from Amazon DIRECTLY, or from Apple. I waited until after Christmas to buy mine directly from Amazon so I could get them for $159 when they had them back in stock, and take advantage of Prime shipping. If buying here, just look for "sold by and shipped from Amazon." I received genuine Apple Airpods, and logged into Apple’s warranty check service to activate my warranty. Doing this also will get you a few months of free tech support.
Great product
Quick delivery, authenic and sealed
My daughter was so happy to receive as a Christmas gift!
Pairing these could not be easier. Sound is great, they fit well, truly no complaints.
They are for my son and they work great!
These are fantastic. Like so many others, I was reluctant to spend the money on these, but it was worth it. The sound great! I took off 1 Star, because they could use a little more base. Other than that they are amazing. They sound much better than the wired apple earbuds and true wireless has made me listen to music again. Automatically pairing when you put them in your ears is pure magic. Lol. These are well worth the investment.
My son loves them
Battery life seems adequate longer would be nicer but very happy with purchase.
lucen elegantes
Original airpods
Great gift so far
Highly recommend to anyone willing to spend the money.
These are authentic, apple AirPods and they have great quality. Shipping came almost a week early which was awesome.
Came sealed genuine as described. Sound quality not the best i heard (e.g. Sony bluetooth headphones in same price range sounds way better), but is acceptable. When i say acceptable it means all other product qualities make me listen only this Airpods, i never used my Sony since i have Apple. They connect to the phone just when you open the charger box, and shut down when you take one of them from the ear. So they use battery very smart. Also, as many reviewrs mentioned, I dont feel them in the ear even after 2-3 hours of use, so they are most comfortable earpods I have used. Do reccomend!
Gave to my son and he loves them
I feel so hip and cool when I wear these AirPods. I love being up to date and with the times But seriously the sound quality is very nice; there’s bass, there’s treble, there’s soul. They are extremely convenient; just pop them in and they start playing your phone’s audio. They have a great battery system; the case charges it and holds a few charges, the AirPods alone last 5(?) hours, and they charge so fast. And you keep them in the case, so pretty much you’ll never run out of battery.
Zoo wee mama these things do the job
Its apple
Looks and sounds good. Battery is not. Have to recharge after 2 hours of continuous usage.
I was a sceptic originally because I didn’t think they’d stay in my ears (similar to Apple‘s wired EarPods) but you can buy cheap silicon “wings” that secure over these in order to fit more snugly. I also thought the sound quality would be mediocre like many BT headsets, particularly when on conference calls. I was incorrect — these sound crisp on both ends and they don’t cut in and out like many other BT headsets. The battery life is decent; not the beat, but certainly not poor. Overall, I’d highly suggest these. In fact, if I ever lose this pair I’d find myself reordering instantly.
Excelent
Cant say anything bad here. I love the find my iphone feature.
Bought these and was slightly skeptical, but its real! More importantly, it exceeded my expectations! I love them!
They fall out of my ears a lot, but I don’t expect them to stay on too much. Other than that, they are great! Never go out the house without them.
Delivered as advertised!
As described
Reading through the other reviews I was glad to see I wasn’t the only one who accidentally washed them.  I let 5em sit for a few days then charmed them.  I can receive with them but I think my microphone is gone.  I really enjoy these for the wireless freedom and good sound quality.  I wish they were less expensive.  My issues with them is keeping track of them when they aren’t in my ears.  Since I washed them I did find a case that you can put the case and all in and clip them to your pants.  My ears get sore after awhile also.  Some reviews said they could use one at a time.  I didn’t find that to be true.  If I took one out they stopped working.  Overall I love them for the freedom of wireless with quality.  I bought mine through Amazon.
They sound and work great I don’t like the case for him it’s a magnet for dirt
I love it’s
ABSOLUTELY love these......I received them as a gift and have since gifted several myself.  Great item, very pleased.
I got it and started using it immediately! I see how my calls are much clearer on the AirPods then off my ear. lol It is a great call. Our system allows me to put my iPhone down and walk down the hallway away from the phone and talk clearly. People hear you well. You can listen to music well. It is a better price than from the Apple store and it is just as good quality!! 
Súper el precio
I have tried several different worked Bluetooth earphones and the are Superior to 3 other types I have used. Simply put, These Are the BEST!
Love these AirPods !! Worth the investment !! Battery almost lasts all day ( I listen to music all day so I charge them more frequently). I love the quality and not worrying about tangles !!
I was very hesistant to spend the $$ on these. I went through 5 different brands of headsets & all of them had either bad battery life, complicated to use or poor sound quality. Apple AirPods are superior Bluetooth headphones! Ability to sync in seconds & amazing sound quality!!
I used to use high-end audiophile earbuds, but over time as sound quality has improved, I have settled in with Bose earbuds (wired). For general purposes and music, they were awesome.  Im a professional and at times, spend much of my day on the phone. I was always told that the microphone sound for me was excellent. Then I tried the Bose wireless earbuds, and they were so clunky and Vulcan like that despite their sound, they were just too heavy and simply too much. So I decided to try Apples Airpods. I am thrilled with the sound as well as their profile! They are slim and non-obtrusive, very easy to go to sleep with if you enjoy listening to music as you fall asleep. Their downfall: their microphone... I received so many complaints that my voice sounded muffled that I now only use them for listening to music. When the microphone system is up to par, then these will earn their 5 star rating. For now though, these are not for everyday conversations, and so I chose the 4 stars to reflect that lack of that business feature.
Outstanding sound quality. I hear parts of songs that I never heard before. Purchase is worth the money for music aficionados.
Fue mi regalo de navidad exelente .
Love the pods
Sound sucks, but Im part of the 1% now!!!
skeptical but they are the real AirPods! Love them!
item as described
Great! No dislikes.
Gift for son, he loves them
love them !
youll understand the hype when you buy one. Its absolutely the best invention ever!
The one thing I disliked is if I had my hand on the outer of my ear it would pause. Another is it scratches a lot on the case
Gotta say, I was that person who made fun of "airpod people." It just looked SO silly. Now I am one of them, and I totally get it. They are comfortable, easy to use/make calls/listen to music. The range is insane, I can leave my phone downstairs and go two flights up and still be talking on the phone with no problem. The battery life is incredible! The ease of connecting to devices (even non-apple devices) is a breeze. I have run for hours with these bad boys and have had my mp3 player die before the pods. Im very impressed. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the fact that theres no way to increase or decrease the sound on the pods directly. You have to go to your phone/connected device to change that, which can be cumbersome if youre running trail and stick your device in your water pack. I also dont like that you can only program the pods to two two commands via tapping. There should be more options.
Good one voice, instant connectivity, lightning charging. Best of the best.
For Daja
smells  like  rich  in  here
These came as described, are authentic  Apple Brand. I verified the authenticity via the Apple website. Very happy with this purchase
I am a runner and being attached to the cord, I would have to give consideration to the cord. These air pods I give 5 stars. I stick the iPhone in my pocket the buds in my ear and off I go. Love it! purchased a set for my son. Rock on!
Best thing is buy direct from Amazon
Absolutely in love with her new air pods. We are super impressed with the sound quality and battery life. She goes know where without them and with a case cover she can clip the case to anything which helps her not to lose them! Would buy a pair for myself as well.
I tried a couple of different Bluetooth headsets (behind the neck ones) and ear buds (skullcandys)  before I bought the AirPods. I got to the point where I couldn’t go a single day without a Bluetooth headset to the point where I would decide my day was going to suck if I forgot them at home. Seriously people I know this review is for AirPods but if you don’t know what having a Bluetooth headset and or AirPods in all day it’s an awesome experience. Anyways I listen to a lot of podcasts and music as I work also so that’s why I chose to get these especially after all the positive reviews I saw from pretty much everywhere. After having these for 4 months I simply can’t live without them. I love my AirPods. They are the coolest piece of tech that you can buy for yourself. Fit is extremely comfortable for my ears. They are very lightweight and can be worn all day and you will hardly notice that they are there. They don’t seal like other earbuds which I thought at first was going to be a draw back but it ends up being an advantage. This is because you can be listening to whatever you are like listening to and still hear things that are going on around you (traffic, people getting you’re attention, etc) as long as you’re not blasting the volume. Sound quality is good. You’re not going to find anything this size and weight and this compact and completely wireless that will sound this good. They aren’t like nose quiet comforts or anything but many will be hard pressed to be disappointed. They have decent base and do not distort and high volumes. Battery life is great I often use one of these at a time and can stretch battery life from my AirPods case for 3 days. If you have an iPhone buy them. Yes they are expensive but they are the coolest most useful buds in the business. Just like the iPhone when it came out, you didn’t know you needed one until you used it. These are the same and they are here to stay. Lastly they work seemlesly with the iPhone but also work with android. I actually had an S8+ when I bought the AirPods and they worked perfectly with them. Anyways folks don’t spend your money on cheaper options. I went through 2 other sets before buying these and these are the best in the industry. Oh and don’t bother waiting for the new AirPods to come out. Buy these, enjoy the hell out of them and I bet you’ll buy the new one whenever they come out haha. They’re that good.
Love these so far but wish Apple could make some advancements on battery life on these. 45 minutes into a call and they are down to 50%. They don’t stay in my ears well (non of the apple EarPods ever have) but I use them mostly for day to day things at work and around the house and keep my other headphones for traveling and the gym. They are definitely convienent and easy to use with your other Apple products.
The ease of use and how it came charged already
she loves them!
Gift
Excellent! Better than expected with high expectations!
They work GREAT. Battery charges super fast, sound quality is amazing, and they are legit Apple AirPods. When they arrive, type in the serial number located on the box along with your purchase date on Apples website to verify if they are real, and to ensure your warranty is located.
I bought these for the hubby and hes extremely happy with them.
My Christmas gift is as wonderful as expected.
They fall out of my ears, and the sound doesn’t get very loud, I would say there’s not much improvement over the wired version.
Love these!  Should have bought them a long time ago!
I absolutely love these
I bought these for my daughter and she loves them and she’s quite picky.
Awesome product
Everything
I really love these, they work absolutely amazing and have great sound quality and stay in your ears very well.
Fast shipping- as described.  My son loves them.
We gave them to our grandkids for Christmas. They were thrilled. Best present ever they all said.
Great product. I purchased the headphones for my teenage daughter that runs cross country. The AirPods haven’t had any issues, sound is good, holds a good charge, and are very durable.
I use these headphones about 5 days a week and 7 hours each day! Love that I can use one or both! I also used them to workout and they stay in pretty well!
Ive purchased 10+ pair from this page on Amazon and have yet to have an issue. All I get are very happy people who have nothing but good to say about them. FYI I run a company with 110 device Verizon account and am always purchasing these for employees
Yea they are pricy, but definitely worth it. I’ve had mine for a couple years and had 0 issues. I bought them again for a friend and she loves them.
It’s super advanced in that they connect by them selves and each earbud lasts about 3 hours and have like 2 more charges to 100% when you put them back in the case. But they can get lost if not carful.
Good for your money
Great
The price
Excelente
I like the overall clarity
Got these as a Christmas gift from my husband. They look dorky but love the sound and design. The case charges them while in my purse. Best design ever!!!!
So happy with is this purchase
Cost to much for what they are
I love the AirPods! Last year I tried 3 other brands of wireless earbuds. They all had problems. Some were uncomfortable or looked goofy sticking way out of my ears. Another was too complicated to use. And another just wasn’t worth the price. But these AirPods are perfect. The easiest thing to pair, turning them on is as easy as putting them in your ear, and you never have to worry about charging them because they charge quickly as soon as you put them back in the case when you are done. They are the most convenient headphone I have ever owned. I use them in the gym, around the house, and at work. Sometimes I just pop one in to make a quick phone call or listen to something. They are so well integrated to the iPhone and Apple Watch, I can even see their battery level on the watch.
They work wonderfully
Nice!
Sadly since I’m a klutz I lost it After a month but I bought a new pair! They’re awesome
The sound quality is great.  I love to use them at the health club, and around.  They work for phone calls too.  Super sound.
The product is amazing, I got such a great deal on them, and they are such a great quality product. They work so well, the sound is great, they cancel out loud noises. The only downfall is the battery life, but I’ve figures out how to keep it working throughout the day.
Love them ! They are simply awesome.
Good product genuine quality
Purchased as a gift for my wife. She loves them and says the sound quality it great.
Best Bluetooth earpods ever ... they are amazing
good in quality. Ill highly  recommend this product!
I love these things!!!!!!!!! Best wireless headphones I have ever had
Boyfriend loves them.  Thanks!
I love the airpods!  I travel one hour each way to work and i am on the phone most of the time.  The people i speak with cant even tell i am on them.  I recommend them to anyone!
The best head phones ever! Worth every penny
My wife bought them for me and I really love them. they come in super handy for many things including my iPone X and my new Mac Book Pro!
I’ve tried 2 other brands of wireless earbuds, and these are the best by far. Battery life is just fine, and the quick charge using the case is really nice. The integration with iOS is super smooth, where with my Jaybird x3 and Here Ones there was a lot of fighting with Bluetooth settings to get them to connect.
Loved them!!
This products works like magic. It automatically connects and disconnects my phone, and since Im using apple products across the board it connects seamlessly between all of them. Sound quality is ok, could be better. Overall Id recommend.
Excellent product
They work good, sound great, but hurt my husband ear on his left side. I ran my finger along it and it stick up along the edge on one side 
Love how I can listen to my music without a wire.
Nice
I used to make fun of all of my friends that had AirPods, wondering how on earth they could justify spending so much money on some headphones that--I had assumed--could get so easily lost.  But eventually I decided to bite the bullet after trying several other cheaper BlueTooth headphones and being disappointed with them all. I have to say that I have loved my AirPods and cant live without them.  I use them for music, audiobooks, gaming and even phone calls & conference calls at work.  The sound quality is almost always great, especially when listening.  The only exception would be during virtual meetings over web applications such as WebEx, Zoom or GoToMeeting, where I have found the quality to be underwhelming and tinny. The battery life is very long and they are very durable.  The only "issue" Ive had with them is that they would from time to time act like they werent detected and switch back to sound on my phone.  But I recently did some experimenting and found that it was because they werent tight enough in my ear, which tricked them into thinking that I had taken them out.  I havent had the issue come up again now that I make sure they fit snugly in my ears when I put them in.
Got for my daughter. She loves them!
Perfecto
My Wife uses them and enjoys them. They keep her amused and quiet
Great sound buds
My daughter uses them all day. She saved up her amazon gift cards to buy these.
I like the style connectivity, battery life, small size, technology. But it has its drawbacks. For one thing, muy right ear is too big so the sound is not as good as it doesnt fit right. Also have to add a custom hook to keep it from falling out with heavy workouts. Wax build up in the scrteens, and mutes the sound, so the quality fails. Denatured alchohol works to a point with q tips, but is is not back a factory fresh sound. Get the Bose no wax build up and compromised sound quality as a resutl of it.
I dont like iPhone but I love Airpods, Im using it with my Note9 and it works perfectly. I tried many different similar type of headphones and none of them even close for quality and comfort to use.
These are great and the sound quality is excellent. Very user friendly. Definitely a great buy.
My daughter loves them. She goes around stating it smells like broke in here.
Love them
Teenage son loves them. Work great. Wish we had bought them sooner!
Great products  mine even came earlier than expected!!
Awesome. Great sound!
Excellent earphones.  My wife loves them.  Only problem is she has them in all the time listening to programs so it is sometimes hard to speak to her.  LoL
Amazing product,  my granddaughter luvs them
none
Good
I love these!  The sound is great — works great for phone calls too.  I really like that you can use just one and it will still work!  Very long battery life.
Great product sounds amazing excellent battery life
The bit*h buds are the real deal
The overall quality is awesome
These Bluetooth headphones are amazing. They’re small enough to safely store into your computer bag, backpack or pocket. They pair easily with any iPhone, simply unlock your phone and open the iPad case (which also serves as it’s charging base). I haven’t had any pairing or random disconnecting issues. Highly recommend for any occasion or need, whether is casual use around the house, travel or working out. They don’t fall out, with normal wear, but do tend to slide with vigorous workouts. Just makes me push them back in from time to time if I’m doing heavy cardio. Also, they’re not super loud, but don’t let that discourage you. I’m coming from over the ear Beats, which are designed to maximize sound.
Great present for the wife and they are quite good.
Great product
So far so good (after a few days of usage)! These automatically connected to my Iphone XS right out of the box without any issues. Sound quality is great and these are SURPRISINGLY comfortable. I have done sit ups upside down and completed very intense work outs with these on and they have not even come close to falling out (which was a big concern of mine). I called Apple directly with the serial # on the box and they verified that these are 100% legitimate and covered under their One Year Limited Warranty. Im a happy customer!
Absolutely amazing sound quality and battery life! I just wish I never got my car broke into and got them stolen. They were a gift for my fiancé and I was borrowing them for a little while. But they were great while they lasted!
These changed my life. Very convenient and they charge so fast. The case charges fast by itself, and the AirPods themselves charge very fast once put in the case. Love these, have been using them everyday.
Everything as stated!  Love them
I’m an Apple guy so I had to get them. To be honest they work great! I’ve tried other ones and not even close to these
I got them specifically because theyre comfortable for having in while being a side sleeper.  You dont know a good nights rest until youve had Bob Rosss smooth voice lulling you sleep with happy tree paint strokes in stereo.
We love the airpods.  Arrived as promised!  Thank you - Susan
I lost my one of my original ear pod so I bought these because of the price
I love my AirPods great sound
THEY DONT FALL OUT
I cant live without these, make life soo convenient
I mostly purchased these for the convenience factor and I am not disappointed.  The idea of doubling the case as a power pack is greatness.  Up to three full charges means about 9 hours of listening time.  Case will fully charge pods in 15 mins.  No they don’t sound like over-ear Sennheiser or Bose phones, but the decent sound, convenience, and package win the day.  Price could be a bit less.
It is very easy to lost  airpods when you are running or somewhere else . There is no any alarm or something else to aware  that you forgot your airpods ( 2019 version is more faster than this one )
One word: love. These are awesome, I wear them everyday to class and they’re so convenient being wireless
It was wounderful
I use these airpods while I work in the kitchen. I used to use headphones with a chord and the loud noise around me made it hard to hear my music. I can easily use these as I run the dishwasher, run around the kitchen putting things away, or scrubbing dishes. No chords get in my way which is a plus and the sound quality is phenomenal. I have absolutely no regrets buying these.
worth having and really useful
Love not having a wire. Easy to pair
Love these
Works great and fit well.
As described
Absolutely love them! So comfortable, great sound, perfect for work!
Like most Apple products, these are great!  My son uses them for his iPod.  They dont fall out.
Hurts my ears to wear for longer than like an hour but they are really cool. The siri feature needs some work. Double tap it to tell her to skip the song and 90% of the time she cant understand what youre saying.
Oh yes. They are the best. A life changer how you communicate. Always w me. Worth the money.
I cant add much to the discussion except to ask myself: Are Apple Airpods worth $200 of my hard earned cash-ola?  You know me, I like to call out  companies for overcharging, Netgear being my all time arch nemesis - Netgear is the word for GREED in three different languages:  Greek, Samoan, and Ancient Aramaic I came to learn recently, and in cave paintings in France they found that cavemen used to Grunt "NetGERR, NetGERR" when other tribes would hog resources and not share. I digress, I think Apple AirPods (much like most Apple products) tend to be worse than other similar products from other companies, after all you can get earbuds for $29.99 from Anker, which I also own.  I googled it and the airpods cost about $50 to make, (allegedly - I think thats a high estimate but okay), so thats like a 250-300% markup. That being said the sound quality is far superior with Apple Airpods than with Anker, etc., but is it worth an extra $170?  The answer is a resounding no.  Sorry Apple lovers, theyre just not.
Its decent, the only thing I really like about these headphones is the convince factor. They dont sound the best and also dont have the best battery life, but its decent. I gave it a 4 instead of a three because all of the features it has is really cool.
One of the best purchase in 2018. It is comfortable, charges quickly, offers good quality sound, and light weight. I can use it with my Android.
amazing!!!best sound quality
Great product
Product works great. No issues at all.
Awesome sound quality and battery life....My phone dies before the AirPods die. I would totally buy them again!
I really do love these. As an android  (Google) user, they work great. The ultimate reason I chose these was the shape; they fit in my ears well and do not fall out. This was a shock to me, as Ive never had earbuds that dont fall out or were comfortable to wear - these were the answer. I use them daily, and I love that they charge quite quickly.
works great
Genuine Airpods, I even went as far as to check the serial number. Shipping was fast, and they had no physical/performing defects at all. Will recommend!
The item I recieved arrived before the expected delivery date. The item was exactly as described, authentice Apple Earpods. Sound quality is great, battery life is satisfactory, and the charging case is super convienient. Would recommend to anyone looking for true wireless headphones.
Where to start. These are nice but they are made for phone calls, business, etc. not for working out and active times. The battery sucks and yanked on me about 3 months after buying. The sound quality is not nearly as good as my Bose sound sport earbuds. I would recommend Bose over Apple any day when it comes to speakers. Bose over beats any day as well.
Perfect that’s what I was looking for
I purchased these via Walmart, however, I wanted to comment on Amazon the pros and cons of these true wireless headphones. I was researching a lot before purchasing them while also reviewing the competition such as the Jaybird 65t, JBLs and the Sol Republic - Amps to even the Bose wireless, which in my opinion the Jaybirds were the AirPods only true competition. All of these totally wireless headphones were comparable in price besides the Bose. I love Apple products although Ive always settled on Android when it comes to smartphones so I was skeptical when even considering purchasing these things. I will go through each category when it comes to sound quality, connectivity, battery life, fit, and overall experience. Sound Quality Regardless of what smartphone you are using the AirPods are no Bose however they do offer some great sound quality. In a relatively quiet setting, these things pack a serious punch. Fantastic sound! These are not noise canceling headphones and if you are buying them for that reason, I would save up and drop some coin on Bose or Audio-Technica overhear headphones etc. That said the AirPods are great however when it is in a noisy setting you can hear what going on around you, which is not a bad thing in some cases. When I go to the gym sometimes the music is blaring where I will hear it but I will turn up the volume to maybe 75% - 80%. Overall: 8/10 Connectivity Being an Android user you are not in the dark when it comes to experiencing the AirPods full potential (Automatic Ear Detection, instant connectivity to my phone and battery % of each earbud and the case.). The app AirBattery will allow you to have this experience and has been a godsend when I bought these. When my Bluetooth is on I open the top of the AirPods case to get my earbuds out where the connection is nearly instant, even before I put them in my ear. The app will display the battery percentage of both earbuds and the case while running in the background. When you put them back into the case, the app closes automatically. Brillant. The only issue I have is when I connect the AirPods to my MacBook Pro and go back to my phone, I have to actually select the AirPods. Not sure what the issue is however not a dealbreaker. Overall: 9\10 Battery Life Its incredible, the case is a mini charger and it lasts me all day with over 60% of the case battery still not used when I get home. No complaints at all. Overall: 10/10 Fit It has been a great experience so far with these things where they dont fall of my ear where I sometimes feel I dont even have them in my ears. The fit is not snug but not too loose for me. Others may have a different experience however Ive shaken my head and they have not even fallen out. I even hung upside down to no avail. I do wish they had a more snug feel but you can grab attachments for these things but youre sacrificing to taking them on and off again when putting them back in the case. Mildly inconvenient. Overall: 9/10 I love these things so far where Ill update this the more I use them. They are so convenient and they have made my life easier when it comes to the gym or just running around my apartment. The price is a bit steep with what you get but its really about doing your own research and deciding for yourself. Overal, no chords to get snagged and the whole experience has been great with my Android. If your on the fence about these: Get them, plain and simple.
I was a little scared after I ordered and read the reviews about people not getting authentic AirPods but I did get real ones. The sound quality is good, they are small but I would say the right size, discret. So far I’m happy with them and the fact that I didn’t have to drive all the way to Apple store or another place to get them. Amazon is pretty convenient for me as I have a busy life.
Apple products are always great. I love these, but felt they didn’t fit perfectly, so i bout some silicon adapters.
These are so comfortable!  Plus the sound is way beyond anything I ever expected.  I was very worried about them staying in but that’s not a problem at all.  Great battery life too!  You are missing out if you don’t own these.  Going to give a pair as a Christmas gift.
hi
Love these ear butts
Love them, the hearing quality is out of this world. My only negative is that the right ear bud has issues connecting as sometimes it takes a while for me to hear out of it
I never have liked the way Apple earbuds fit. So when My wife  surprise me with these for Christmas I thought “oh no” I won’t like the way they fit. When I put them in I was quite surprised, they were very comfortable. And the battery life is very good, I get around 8 hours of play time with a pause here and there. And the most important thing I want to say is they did survive a trip through the washer. I know I thought well there went $200.00 . If you don’t already then you should start saving  silica dry packs (desiccant packs)  I have a quart size Ziploc baggie of them so I put the AirPods on the case in there and close them up,  patiently waiting to give them about 3 to 4 days in the bag and then I plug them in and had to hold the reset button on the back of the case for about 20 seconds and then they started working taking a charge they survived with no problems I think that is amazing I’m not sure that I would recommend washing them but they did come back from the dead.  We read that you should not use rice because that causes corrosion. Now my wife and I both own a pair I love them.  If you’re using these with an iPhone It’s nice you don’t have to have your phone out to make a call, answer a call, read or send a text message, or pause and play your music.
The Airpod is a well thought out bluetooth headphone.  The units fit comfortably into the ear and the connection to an iPhone is much easier than some other bluetooth devices I have used.  The fact that the case and the ear pieces both have battery life is a nice feature.  And the feature that if you remove one ear piece the music or podcast will pause is good user experience focus.  Perhaps the only bad thing about the airpods is that they are 100% white and since both my wife and I have sets, it would be nicer if you could order them with a small circle of one of perhaps 8 colors on the end of the ear pieces so that in a family of apple enthusiasts, arguments over the ownership could be reduced.
They work great this is my second set. First set after almost 2 years the battery life dropped drastically so needed a new set.
I was a bit skeptical after reading reviews because a few of them mentioned the product either missing or replaced by other items, and seeing as these are more expensive than typical earphones I was hesitant. But mine came perfect, in the box and sealed and are real. I’m very happy with them. They fit just right and the sound is great and loud if you like louder music
Great product, overpriced, still worth it
I love my AirPods, there are by far the best pair of headphone I have ever bought
Muy buenos
They work great. Good fit
My boys love they fit in ear without falling out.
Daughter seems thrilled with them.  More surprised that I splurged on REAL Apple pods and not knockoffs
Sometimes a little interference, but other than that I love the AirPods
So convenient and price was right
Works as advertised
Para escuchar música. Son muy cómodos y dejas aun lado los cables que venían antes
Great quality great buy
Great
Love them!  Best purchase made.  I bought 4 of them as presents.
Love it
Purchased as a gift for my mother and she loves them perfect gift for any occasion !
Perfect.....
Me encantan
Love them!! So easy to use and the quality is great!! I used them while running and have not issues with them falling off, the sound quality is great!
Love
Perfect for the gym.
Got them for my daughter, she loves them!k
Works as expected/described
Touble tapping calling features and automatic connection when put in the ear, that really cool.
Great!
It make some noise when listening to music
Perfect
This is my third pair of apple airpods, the other two I lost. Yes, Im an idiot. Anyway, these are the same as the other two pairs that I have, which I purchased from Apple. After about a month, one of the ear buds stopped working and they let me exchange for free. I really appreciate good amazon sellers. Definitely recommend.
I didnt understand the hype around airpods until my daughter got some for Christmas and I tried them out. I absolutely love them. And, these are the real deal they arent knock offs. Great quality sound; I like the charging dock. Also I am active I have used these when running and biking no issues.
Given as a gift
These are amazing I dont have any apple products other than these airpods. They work like magic on everything my HP laptop and my Note 9. The battery is tiny so it charges ridiculously fast. I use these daily.
I love these Airpods....work great with my iphone and my ipad!  Very easy to use!
Yes
Perfect!  My son loves them!!!
Perfect
My daughter loves them. Great sound & easy to use. Fits great in small ears too.
I love Apple and this is the real deal. Love the AirPods, so easy to wear everywhere. I use them all the time and the battery life is awesome. If my battery were to ever run out, it’s easy to connect my phone charger to charge my AirPods. The sound quality is amazing.
I am a 17 year old high school girl and I honestly don’t know the first thing about sound quality, but to a regular gal like me they sound pretty bomb. And guess what, I haven’t even lost them yet despite what I originally definitely thought was gonna happen, and it’s been like months. Okay but here’s what I am a big fan of, one of mine recently broke. Totally my fault hands down, I dropped it, it was all me guy. So I call apple support bc I wanted to make sure it was for sure broken before I bawl my eyes out. But he’s like “yo homie it’s probably broken, but good news it’s still under #warranty so you get a replacement for literally free”. Of course I’m thinking SAY NO MORE. So long story short if ur a goof like me and you drop stuff , you have a 1 year warranty that #hasyourback plus it makes u look rich :)
Great
Awesome my grand daughter loved it
Not a good set of earphones for using while you mow the yard. They don’t seal up like other types. But they have some unexpected features like pausing the audio with a simple tap. And battery life is unreal. Overall I’m pleased with them. Sound quality is about like the ear buds that used to come with every iPhone in the box.
After reading several reviews about costumers receiving counterfeit Apple AirPods, I have to admit I was FREAKED out that this would happen to me. Upon receiving my amazon box I was so excited when I opened them and they connected just like they were supposed to. I checked the serial number and they are legit. I would buy these things 100xs over. Definitely worth what I paid for them.
great
Love them!
El control del volumen hay que hacerlo desde el celular, todo lo demás esta perfecto.
If your reading this....buy these today. Best headphones for sound and convenience. Highly recommended
It’s apple product. Always happy.
Great condition apple not fake worth the money brand new in the box totally authentic
These are the real deal, packaging and quality is legit. I spent less money than purchasing on the apple store.
Since I’ve gotten these I have packed up or thrown away every other pair of headphones. The battery lasts longer and the Bluetooth range is better than any other pair of Bluetooth headphones I’ve owned. They recharge to 100% in under 30 min and connecting to different devices couldn’t be easier.
My son Loves these!
Great sound. I have a problem with the left side falling out of my ear but I purchased earhooks and now they won’t fall. Battery life is a little too short but there isn’t much room for a larger one.
Amazing Battery life  Definitely worth it for its price.. the fit is perfect and it is very portable. I take it everywhere I go.
High tech- made my nephew and son very happy Christmas morning. Great quality and arrived on time
Second pair; bought for husband. Love em. Cords feel icky now after using mine for the last year +. Impressive battery life and better than expected audio quality. The quick charge feature is cool. They stay in my ears perfectly/securely; your mileage may vary.
Decent sound quality definitely worth the price.
Girlfriend loves them. They sound pretty good too
I love AirPods!!!! I researched the heck out of these. Every time I saw someone wearing them I would ask them how they liked them. All good things nothing bad. Finally got some for my birthday. They are truly amazing! I am not a huge ear bud fan because they fall out or not comfortable. But these are great!!! My boys kept stealing mine so I ordered them some for Christmas! Definitely worth the money!
Apple products generally regarded as well made quality units and these do not disappoint.  They are pricy especially when you see off brands for 1/10 the price, but the off brand units sound or work 1/10 as good as these.  Nice quality sounding built in microphone too
This product is idea for relaxing and in large crowds to escape the noise
I liked that the sound was great and the battery use was also great. I take them everywhere I go and they are great for carrying in your pocket. I highly recommend them.
honestly this was a great investment.
Awesome AirPods. Good sound. Great wireless ease of use.
I bought these headphones mainly for running and I have been very happy with them. They stay in my ears much better than I expected. Even when I sweat, or when its windy out, they stay put. The sound quality is good - better than the wired headphones that came with my iPhone at least. Battery life is more than enough for an hourly run, and the charging mechanism through the case is just brilliant. I use the headphones with my 2nd Generation Apple watch  when running and its amazing how easy I can switch between using them for running and with my other Apple devices. I use them for calls with my MacBook and iPhone and to listen to music. All in all, these headphones are well worth their price and I would buy them again in a heartbeat.
Excellent
Love it all. Great sound. Just very very happy with this
It is what I expected
Perfect
Birthday gift for son
Battery only goes down like 10% for the case every time you fully use the AirPods and that takes like about 3-5 hours each use, sound is probably as good as beats but fall loose sometimes, but very few times
On time and working product
Hate to say it, but they are Apple at its best. Good quality. Well designed. Simple to use
not a knock off, good product, fast shipping
These work quite well; however, the charge doesn’t last as long as others had told me (only a couple of hours before one of the buds drops out) and it causes the iPhone (7) battery to discharge quickly.
These are great. Love the freedom you get with the AirPods.
I was very worried they would fall out. They sit in place comfortably and I’ve been told the sound quality while using them for phone calls is great! I wear them in the gym daily and they stay in place with no issues. When using them for calls the battery life is a little short, but they charge in minutes when put back in their case.
Have only purchased these for gifts.With that being said,I have been told it was the nicest gift he had ever received!
Like
Better than Beats. They are really good the battery lasts longer than I ever need it and it barely takes any time to charge. Super useful
They connect like magic and they are wonderfully long lasting. They are simply the best Bluetooth earphones you can buy for an iPhone. They are a little pricey, but nothing beats their connectivity with iOS.
Love them
Works fine with my Android note 8 along with an app from the play store
would recommend this
We all have these in our house and use them daily! Best EarPods ever!
Used with my I phone8.
Real stuff
I love these. I have beats that are wireless and once i got these I never touch those anymore. These are so easy because you only need one in. I love how small they are.
Very good for flexing. Battery life could improve though
My 12 year old saved up her own money to buy these! She absolutely loves them!
They worked so well and connected so fast! They were worth the money! They were not fakes they were authentic! I love them!
Love everything about this
My AirPods are amazing no regrets it’s super easy to pair don’t fall off I’m am very satisfied with them!
One EarPods did not have sound. Very easily registered through apple and they replaced it under warranty.
Great sound
I bought these here because I wanted to save a trip to the Apple Store and my wife commandeered my old pair. I like the user interface on these. Pop them in your ear, and they start playing. Take one out, and it pauses. Want to share your music with a friend? Or your little kid? Sure! Just pop one AirPod out and share. These are great.
I’d been waiting to buy these for years and finally made the investment. Now i don’t know how I lived without them! I work from home and take calls on my iPhone. It is so helpful to be able to charge my phone at the same time. The Bluetooth works so well- I can be anywhere in my house and leave my phone behind. This is not the case with my Bose Bluetooth headphones! I wish the battery life were longer but I’m sure that will get better with newer models.
This is 5th pair i bought from amazon it works perfect .Reccomended amazon is best
Apple strikes again. They continue to design products that are good quality, sleek, and most importantly convenient. From the automatic Bluetooth pairing to the small magnetic casing, this product is made to make life easier. The convenience of the product makes it completely worth the price.
I odered these for my grandson as a christmas gift. He loves them.
Ive only owned these for about two weeks, but I love them. Workouts are so much easier without a dangling cord, and I can leave my phone just about anywhere in my house or gym and get great reception! The design is beautiful, and I love the charging/carrying case.
Love em, but had to get ear hooks to keep them in my ear when moving around alot.
Great product. Sound is very good when listening.
I mean what can I say these are just awesome!
Came just like the description. Brand new
Great product by Apple, something I don’t say quite that often.
It worked really well and I really like it.
I love them. They fit great in my ears. Sound quality is great!
easy to use
Works great with my galaxy s8+
Excellent concept, looks goofy, poor battery life
all my school wears airpods xd, when the popular kids see other people wearing normal earbuds, they literally say "oh.. sorry i dont speak broke-ness" ITS SO FUNNY LOL THERE JUST LIKE NORMAL EARPHONES BUT WIRELESS LMFAO
Great product although a little slippery in the ear
Originales
Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he is very impressed by them. Good quality and he loves not having to deal with any wires. He has not complained about battery life so it must be good.
Fast delivery and the sound is awesome. Super easy to use.
Gave as a xmas gift perfect, everyone wanted and they bought their own as they were hard to find around xmas, they had to go to Georgia,,,lol
Great product but price was significantly higher then other vendors.
It’s very good. Apple may consider for better improvements in its holding arrangement in ears
I love mine so much I got some for my mom and my Fiance. They are AWESOME!
Best deal ever!!
At first I thought my daughter was crazy to think I’d spend this much on some AirPods. But I did and no disappointment here. I ended up buying one for myself bc I found myself using my daughters 
I’ve had other Bluetooth headphones and I have to say you get what you pay for, these are great.
Love the sound and wireless feature!
Love everything about them. I work out a lot and the wire just got in my way. These never fall out of my ears and they’re super easy to charge.
Don’t listen to any other reviews I bought these AirPods about a week ago and their perfect. They came package fine and when I opened them they were no scarches and they were bran new. Hands down one of my best purchases by far.
great except they came with some specks of what to look like black paint, but they rubbed off but ive never seen that on apple products before. ordered through amazon.com from Amazon.com. had to wait a few days, but still worth it.
As advertised
Love these. Use them all the time
Bought 2 for gifts, kids extremely happy with sound quality. They like they are wireless and easy to use.
Works great and sounds great. Very cool features. Actually stays in your ear better than the wired model you get with Apple phones.
I was a little skeptical because of some reviewers claiming they received fake AirPods. So as soon as I got them I checked the serial number in the box on Apples website and it was valid. This was a gift for my daughter and she had no issues pairing the AirPods with her iPhone. Everything worked right out of the box. Excellent value!
Great product if you have an iPhone. Love these things because I can keep them in and answer phone calls, use Siri, and listen to music.
I like the quality of the sound.  It is very high quality.
I can not say enough how much I love my AirPods. Easily one of the best purchases in my life. Listen to podcasts all day with them while I’m at work! Great product, I would totally recommend if you want wireless headphones
grandson loved them.  they were perfect
Good
Stays in the ears well
Purchased these for my granddaughter for her birthday. She loves them!
The only reason I give this 4 stars is that they worked too well and I walked into the shower with one of them in
Very good product!
Really good!! I love them!
Here are some reasons as to why I love my Airpods: 1) The charging case is very small so I can carry it in my front pants pocket. 2) These are great for phone calls.  I use them with an iPhone for work all day and they are comfortable and sound very good on both ends.  I have yet to have a customer or work associate complain about the sound.  I use one at a time for phone calls.  Since both the left and right Airpod are identical, it is easy to switch when the low battery signal is received.  Simply put in the fresh one, wait a couple of seconds for it to connect to the call, and then remove the dying one and place it in the charger.  This will not interrupt your conversation and the person on the other line will not notice anything. 3. When using one Airpod, music is in mono.  It automatically switches to stereo when the second Airpod is put in your ear. 4. Unlike many other "True Wireless" headphones, the right headphone is not the master, with the left one being the slave.  This means that you can use either one independently (as described above).  I also do not experience connectivity issues between the left and right units since it appears that both Airpods connect directly to the phone. 5. The Airpods work just as well with non-Apple devices like the Amazon Fire tablet. 6. The bluetooth range is amazing.  I have a three bedroom home and I can walk around the whole house with my iPhone left on my desk in the upstairs front bedroom.  I have walked inside stores while talking and not realized that I left my phone in the car until the call starts breaking up inside the store. 7. Battery life is acceptable for my purposes.  The ability to alternate headphones for phone calls gives me all day usage. The one negative for me is that I am paranoid about having one fall out of my ear.  This only happened one time, which was the first time that I used them when it fell in the sink while I was brushing my teeth and bent down to rinse.  Even though one Airpod got wet, there was no damage (a definite plus!).  I purchased a set of silicon adapters from Amazon that slip over each Airpod and allow for a secure fit.  These were cheap (around $11) and work well for athletic activities.  I do not use the adapters for everyday use.  Note that the adapters must be removed in order to fit the Airpods into their charging case. The other negative is that there aren’t currently very usable touch controls so I have to use the phone to skip songs.  The music will stop/start when removing/inserting the headphones in your ears. One last thing that I noticed when ending phone calls:  Simply removing the Airpod will not end the call as the iPhone simply switches the call back to the phone.  This is both a good and bad feature--Its good because you wont drop a call should your Airpod fall out of your ear, but its bad because I forget this sometimes and dont notice that the person may still be on the phone. Overall I highly recommend the Airpods and Im looking forward to the next generation with, hopefully, expanded touch control features.  If you are looking for very good bluetooth headphones for phone usage, this is the way to go.  The music quality is about the same as Apples wired headphones.  If I am in the mood for the highest fidelity for music, then I simply use a set of studio reference headphones from Sony, but I mostly use the Airpods for the wireless freedom and their size.
Sound
Great product! We really enjoy the AirPods. We just wish there was a volume control on them without using phone.
Would be nice if battery lasted longer but great sound.
Great product. Its hard to beat Apple products.
great pods!
Great purchase,  holds a charge for 5-6 hrs. Fast delivery
It didnt sound like a great feature to have them turn on as soon as you put them in your ears, but... after a few months of using these great sounding earbuds, its a feature I can live without. Its flawless and helps keep the music playing. As you would expect from Apple, the form factor is very pleasing to the eye and to the touch, even though I bought a protective case for the case. Once you figure out how to easily remove them from the case, the magnet sticks a bit so they dont come flying out of the case, they pop out very nicely with a gentle push from just above the charging light. The sound is like "Wow"! Everyone that has an iPhone and many of the wired equivalent to the AirPods lying around the house will be pleasantly pleased with the sound as they probably are close to the wired ones. Not stupendous but then again they dont wear you out either if you listen for an extended period of time. I had a set that had noise canceling and they blocked all outside noise, including the wind noise from riding on my mountain bike. However, the company died and the buds died as well. Too bad Apple hasnt gone down the noise canceling road. Perhaps they will soon and I hope they do as I think Apple will do it correctly. Even though the Hear Ones were wonderful, the battery life was nowhere near the Apple AirPods. I have yet to be musically stranded on the single track trail which sometimes can be up to three to four hours. I am very pleased with this purchase. I hope you will be too!
Good product
Apple and other reviewers report that the airpods will fit everyones ear and stay put.  That is not quite correct with me.  I have big ears.  The airpods will fall out of my ears if I move my too quickly, lay on my side, and while walking around.  I ended up purchasing some rubber ear hooks, similar to what Bose earbuds uses. Only four stars due to the ear fitting issue, otherwise would have received five.
Didn’t come in a box.  Didn’t come w Instructions. Been trying to figure out how to connect - not picking up on my Bluetooth. Trying to google instructions.  Frustrated.  Would have been nice to include some instructions.  Will change review is i get a chance to use airbuds - or I’ll just send back. Okay back again. Giving it a better rating... bc I finally figured out how to connect. Not bad.
Daughter loves these! No complaints! That says a lot
Battery life could be a bit longer
Great improvement over regular headphones in terms of both sound quality and convenience
These are great so far. I use them for running and they stay in my ears just fine. The sound is real good and theyre set-up with your iPhone is idiot proof - there is no set-up. You just take them out of the charger and your phone connects with them.
These are the best! Will be purchasing more for holiday gifts
I love my Apple Airpods!!! They provide great sound and stay in my ears during running, mowing the lawn, and other activities. I am so happy that I purchased these!!!
AirPods is great if you wanna convenience. It is very easy to use. Small and light. I don’t even feel it in my ear sometimes. You may don’t want to expect high quality sound, but I think it is good enough for me.
Love them for aesthetics, effortless auto on/off, perfect size/fit, you won’t even notice it’s there!
This is a great product.
They kind of stay in your ear.  A little loose but if you loose one the music shuts off so you figure it out real quick.  The sound is ok nothing spectacular.  They aremy very comfortable either they hurt my ear after 1/2 hour.   The plus is, automatically connecting and the charging case. The buds themselves stay charged for 5 hours but you can recharge from the case.
Good
I was sueded by a coworker to buy these cuz she wouldnt shut up about hers. I can see why. First, music sound is fantastic. Best of all, call sound is better. No delay, echo, or cut outs. I have no complaints. However, I have noticed if i walk out of range and it disconnects, when Im back in range, it doesnt always reconnect. Not a deal breaker. Getting a pair for the Hubs for xmas. Battery life is the best. With regular use, even all day at work, I can go all week without charging the main battery. The ear piece lasts for several hours with constant use. Up to 5 hours with intermittent use.
Great quality, worth $159.99!!!
good
My husband has these with his iPhone, so he gets full experience from the units.  On my android, I have the ability to use one or both ear pods, which you cannot do with the iPhone.  With the iPhone, the minute you activate the pods, a battery usage pops up on your screen, which does not happen with the android.  But I absolutely love them!  So clear!
Fit great, super light.  Sound is good and they work so nicely with the Apple products.  Can’t go wrong with these
Battery dies to fast
Definitely worth the price. Tried other knock offs that did not work. Great quality and Sound
Will never go back to the old ones. Great battery life, excellent sound quality and operates with IPhone smoothly. Love it!
so comfortable
Love them!
My son says there great
Just got them but so far they are perfect for me and my husband at the gym. No wires to worry about and we can both listen to the same music and still hear each other talk.
I used this product to listen to music on from my iPhone and I liked how there’s no wires making it easy to use. I dislike how easy it may be to lose.
Love them
I see a lot of reviews on here mentioning third party sellers and issues with AirPods, which caused me some concern. I ordered these a few weeks back (Jan/2019), received them promptly, and can confirm that they are authentic. Perhaps the old reviews are from a period where Amazon was selling something that was not directly from Apple, but I can confirm that the AirPods I have received are direct from Apple and have no issues. Connected directly out of the box with great sound quality.
Did joy know what I was missing with the good sound quality.
Bought for my husband and he loves them.
Like the how easy it is to use falls out microphone is bad quality
Worked well but the things are easily misplaced and almost guarantees the purchase of a case but amazing sound.if you lose the case it’s impossible to get back no tracking of any sort.
I love the AirPods, I usually daily for work. They are pretty comfortable. Just be careful with them because you can easily drop them without knowing. The sound quality is decent. Battery life is not that bad. For the price is a fair deal.
These are great! My kids love them? No complaints at all!
I bought this as a gift for my husband and he is really enjoying it.  The price was the same as at the apple store.  Good quality.  Recommend!
Great product.
Love then
I battled with other cheaper wireless headphones and earbuds, but these are just plug and play with my apple devices, sound great, and stay in my ears!  Love em.
They’re small, but that means they’re portable. The battety life is pretty long, the sound is good, and they connect to your phone automatically, which I LOVE.  Theyre worth the $170 I paid for them. Absolutely incredible. Thanks, Apple.
Was skeptical about purchasing any more Apple products. However, after reviewing the product and peer pressure, I purchased a pair. This is one of the best Apple products they made in a long time. Great quality especially sound quality. At times they will slip out of my ear but it works.
Mine came brand new! Fantastic product!
I am so in love! Purchased these on Saturday night and they arrived Monday afternoon! I searched Targets, Best Buys, Apple Stores, even Staples! And they were sold out everywhere! I was a little worried about purchasing these through amazon because of the handful of reviews claiming they received fake AirPods; mine are authentic and sealed! 100% happy and glad I trusted Amazon! The sound quality is amazing and Bluetooth range is decent and sounds so clear! Can’t wait to hit the gym with these!
Love the convenience of these!
Happy so far with the product got the real thing, sounds is clear. Haven’t checked the range so far.
I like the AirPods they are very helpful, I recommend them when I got them they were very secure and they are waterproof they, stop playing your music or sound when you take one AirPod out which is very helpful!
I got these for my husband as a gift and am NOT disappointed!! He is so in love with them! We FINALLY found the perfect pair for him!!
I really like the sound quality and how comfortable they are in my ears happy that I got them
I was really skeptical on if these were the actual laws are just a knock off brand. But they’re actually Real Apple and really legit and ship to me within about two days
Typical Apple product. Top performance. They stay in but it does help to add form fitting plugs that I found here on amazon.
Love these! I love the ease of the pods. They fit very nicely in my ears. Sound is great. No complaints from the listeners about not hearing me well. I love the little charger/holder. Very nice to know they are secure and not getting tossed around and scratched in my bag.
Love that i can run track without the hassle of a cord
Great product!
Easy to connect Battery last long Good for listening to music Hands free
The best
Perfect! Just what I wanted and expected! I’m going to enjoy these!
Best gift ever
Love them
One of the best purchases I’ve ever made.
Love this product!!
Apple AirPods.  You pay more, but next level sound.
Good product.  Bought as gift for my daughter.  She loves them.
I love these ear buds and the case.  The battery lasts a long time!
Hands free! Be careful not 2 drop out of ears. I dropped one and had to purchase another.
Certified Apple product, great quality
Everything works great, the real thing!  My daughter loves them.
I love these, I live with my elderly mom who watches a lot of game shows…..I put my AirPods in and listen to my music while cleaning, cooking, looking through magazines or on computer…. quality is great…..
Works so seamlessly, very impressed.  Great for keeping one headphone on at a time while keeping one ear open.
Was A Gift For Family Member.
Brought for son. Enjoying them
I finally broke down and paid for these and they are worth it and now I get to be another jerk walking around in my own world wearing them...
Perfection is a word that describes this product. The way it charges, plays a sound when placed correctly, and the music quality is just the tip of the iceberg. Good example of “big things come in small packages”!
Son loves them. Me on the other hand thinks they are super loud.
My daughter loves them.
Ive always been looking for a pair of earphones that actually work and are not a hassle. With every other type of earphones all my wires got tangled or Id need to find an adapter. With these AirPods I finally have found something that is easy to use and sounds great!
These are the best! They have been so beneficial and convenient to use.
Great headphones but the bass is almost nonexistent. Also they don’t get as loud as my cheap Bluetooth headphones
Our daughter was excited to receive this as a Christmas gift. She enjoys listening to her music and shows with these ear pods.
Love these. Very convenient and long battery life.
So much better than being restricted by a wire. Seriously life-changing. I was concerned about battery life but they last for several hours then recharge in minutes.
Best
The functionality here is incredible. Use them once and you’ll never want to go back to what you were using before. Calls are clear both directions (even in noisy environments). Pairing is a snap. Charging is basically automatic. What’s most impressive: Apple has arrived at the right signal-to-noise ratio with the world around you.
Much better then the knock offs.  It works great
They were a gift to my husband and he loves them.
Love the design of the true wireless headphones, but is it just my pair with an hour of play/phone time or is that common? It’s cool that each bud can utilize a different feature though.
Great quality material and sound, very convenient. However, the battery life is not as great as advertised. Im not sure if it is my particular airpod or not.
Sounds great!
They are effective but I just wish they were waterproof. And I wish they came with something to clean the container.
I loved these airpods I didn’t purchase them from amazon because it was a gift probably came from amazon but they are THE best wireless headphones i have ever owned they don’t slip off they stay quite well in your ear sound quality is amazing battery life is great only reason i am misusing 1 star is because the carrying case/charger is slippery and it catches dust etc
Muy bueno
I have to walk to/from meetings throughout the day. I used to have to deal with the "wired" apple EarPods. I was afraid the AirPods would fall out or feel uncomfortable. I can hear much better and am able to even wear them around the house as I do chores. Ive recommended them to my family and friends.
Worked just the way they were expected to.  Comfy, easy, quality.
I love these things!
I gave this as a present to my 15 yr old daughter and she loves them
Grate
I’ve always found the Apple EarPods to be uncomfortable and left a little to be desired in the sound department. I was reluctant to buy the AirPods since they seemed to be the same design. After reading some reviews and opinions from others I knew who had bought the AirPods, I decided to give them a try. SO GLAD I DID! Even though they look the same as the EarPods, they have a different feel. They do NOT fall out of my ears or make them sore with long periods of wear and the sound (to me) sounds a lot better than the EarPods. It’s a richer sound. They work flawlessly with my Apple Watch and iPhone and I love that all I have to do is pop them in my ears and they connect automatically. Buy em! I think you’ll like em too :)
Fantastic.  Probably the best product Apple has made in years.  Never realized how small/compact the case is; slick, really nice, easy to keep everything charged.  Not for an audiophile but they are fantastic for phone calls and listening to music on the treadmill.  Ive only been using them for a few weeks but the battery life is as good as its been since day 1.  Worth every bit of $150 and 5 stars.
I was on the phone with her when it arrived. To her surprise, as soon as she opened them up her phone prompted her to pair them. Magic I tell you. Phone calls are clearer when we speak and shes in the car. Music pauses when you remove one. She says they sound great, loves the fact that they have a long battery life and that the case charges them as well. Probably one of the better gifts Ive given and Ive given some expensive gifts in my time.
Awesome product, crazy long batter life. Good sound. Only complaint is the fit, but if regular Apple earbuds fit you well, these will too.
These are  percent legit, and totally worth the money. I think the sound quality is actually better than their traditional headphones. Also the setup its just easy. Ive worked out with them, jogged outside, Been to colder climates and they still work amazing.
This is by far my favorite apple product by far. Fast charging. 15 minutes for earbuds and maybe a hour for case. Sound quality is amazing. Love it!
Great sound, and they DONT EVEN MOVE when Im running!  Three mile runs with ZERO problems, and its so great not to have wires, or even the strap with most Bluetooth earphones that you can hear bouncing on your neck when youre running!
very good
What can I say our family is an APPLE family and these are the best! My husband and son cant keep them out of their ears and my daughter cant wait to get them for her birthday! Functionally: They are fantastic, quality of sound is perfect. No issues of them falling out. No issues of sounds not being clear. They are better than traditional because you often forget their in your ear because there is no cord to worry about!
Work just as I expected...great job Apple.
I love my AirPods! Like most, I thought they were silly when announced but have fallen for them. The ease of use, quick and simple charging and the ability to switch betetween devices simply makes them a give for Apple owners. Mine are custom painted but ColorWare matte black to make them a bit less noticeable in my ears. They have been through the washed once (so far). They were in a sweater pocket, sans case, and one took a few days to dry out but work perfectly now. Be warned - you WILL lose these! There is a way to track these with Find My iPhone App but it never works when I need it. If they are in their chaging case you cannot track them or send a sound to playback and locate them. It only works when they are out of the case and with a charge. When I washed mine they had died and I couldn’t locate them in my pocket :( Luckily, they seem to be waterproof
These get a 9/10 rating from me. I love these AirPods so much. They sound the exact same if not better when speaking voice to voice and the music sound is really great. The fact that there is no cord frees up so much from getting caught on anything from workout equipment to clothes to the side of a coffee table...Ive been asked at least 10X about what I think about these and I continue to sing their praises. Ive had them for about 4 months and use them every single day.
I love it!
New as stated.
Im giving these a five AirPods five stars even though I had to return them. I read the reviews first, however they would not stay in my ears. I felt it was super easy to connect with Bluetooth, sound was great, but the fit wasnt there for me.
I was so hesitant about these headphones that I put off buying them for about a year. Once I upgraded to the Xs I decided why not go fully wireless. I must say the sound from them is a significant step up from the normal Earbuds. The battery life last about 8-10 hours per session of constant use and charges back up in about 20-30 minutes. You can get about 5 charge cycles before you have to charge the actual unit. Only issue is the left one doesn’t stay in my ear all the time but that’s an easy fix with some of the accessories you can find on here for them.
Los amo
Fits perfect in ear. Stays charged for along time. Sound is great. Pairs in seconds.
Thank you for selling a good product. I used it well.
Son muy buenos
It was a gift and she loves it.  She can connect both her phones to it!
Sooo apparently these are authentic Apple AirPods but according to an Apple employee, anything that comes with the original case is most likely stolen and resold on amazon. At least these are authentic but just know your money is going to thieves at full profit
Very solid purchase!
like it
Game changer! I use my cell phone for work and these have made life easier for me.
I bought an off brand before I bought these and they barely lasted an hour...but these totally lasted forever for me. I love that I can switch between my computer, laptop, phone and then iPad! LOVE THEM!!!
Great and accurate product
Easy to pair with iPhone great sound
Very easy to set up, and use.
There convenenet to carry around, the sound is pretty good, but I wish there was a way to boost the bass.
Is a perfect product
Decided to purchase these while amazon had them on sell, I’m coming from beat x headphones On gripe I have about the headphones is there not as bassy as the beat x But the sound  clarity is great the person your talking to will be able to hear you clearly 5 hours isn’t too long compared to the Beats X but the 15 min 3 hour charge makes up for it the little base doubles as a charger and holds a fairly long charge making the headphones extremely useful for any user weather taking them to work  the gym using around the house ect. Great all in all I don’t regret making the switch these headphones are better
Gave as gift to my husband and he loves them!
Awesome I like it
They are amazing
I purchased the AirPods for my daughter as a gift.  We were very happy with them.
I got these for my granddaughter.  She loves them and uses them with all her devices
These ear buds make it so easy to move around my house and office without having to carry my phone, Ipad, or Kindle around with me.  I can move up to 50 feet away from phone without loosing sound.
These are so convenient! No wires hanging around and pulling out all the time.
Dropped it twice, no scratches Sound quality is pretty good And the battery life lasts me 2-3 days without charging it
I bought these from someone who had already purchased these. He received it sealed, and honestly it was worth the price. It’s perfect. The people claiming fakes are trolls don’t listen to them.
Bought these for my wife to watch TV at night so I can go to sleep. They connect to the Apple TV really easily. She mostly uses them only for the Apple TV so they almost always connect as soon as you take them out. However, she also uses them for working out, so if theyre still connected to the phone you just hold "play" from the Apple TV menu to reconnect them. Ive even used them to watch TV a few times and I definitely prefer them to the default TV speakers we have. Biggest con is the price but honestly, it seems like theyre worth it.
One of the best Apple products
Great Bluetooth headphones
Awesome
I love these ear pods. Was worried they would fall out but they fit fine.  Clarity is great and perfect for my work and for the gym !!
very convert
thank you
I have a Bose qc35 headphone, but it would be hot to wear it in the summer. The Apple AirPods is great for summer use. Though it has no noise canceling, you cannot ask too much for such small headphone to have all great functions.
These are the type of quality you can only get from an Apple product.
Awesome
This is a fantastic product. It is what I expected from Apple. The ease of use and the quality is great,. It fits well in my ears. A minor issue I have with this is that the sounds bleeds a little which means at a high volume, the person next to you can hear the music.
Love the air pods. Great sound easy to operate and fit good. Ive tried several different types of ear buds and most were unacceptable but these just work great. A little expensive but at least they deliver on what theyre supposed to do. Highly recommend.
Love this product. They look a little weird when wearing them, but they connect immediately to my iPhone, convey beautiful sound, and give me freedom from wires. I do hope they design the next set with the capability to block sound and to fit in the ear a bit better.
Im in love with my Airpods. I used every day, every where. Baterry last forever. So happy with my purchase.
Best headphone EVER!  This is a must. automatically pairs with my iphone X.  If you take 1 out it turns off the music so you can talk to people.  When you answer calls, other people can hear you perfectly.  Outstanding!
Absolutely amazing
The calls sounds it’s great... listen to music is even better.
Came quick and work perfectly battery life is ok but the case charges them up quickly.
They are beast
Amazing. Better than I expected and thought.
I cannot condone the negative reviews on this product.  I received a factory seal box of Apple Airpods as promised.  I have been using these pretty regularly without fail.  Sound quality is pretty amazing.  I will monitor these the next few months and update if there are any problems. Side note: if you are a music enthusiast who requires the absolute best audio; bluetooth is not the way to go.  Spend a few hundred or thousand dollars on a set of wired headphones like Seinnheiser (for example).
Excelente, realmente si tienes iPhone o Apple watch es el mejor complemento
Amazing product & definitely worth the price.
Wonderful sound and easy to use. Love the magnetic feature to hold the earbuds and small case. Recommend highly.
Best headphones ever.
I HIGHLY recommend these. These are WAY more than the Apple earpods without the cord. Earpods and every other headphones would fall out of my ears while running, but these dont move. Even when they get sweat on them they still dont move. They are very light and you almost forget they are in your ears. The sound quality is excellent as well. I could keep going, but there is no need. Theres nothing negative to say about these. Definitely worth the money!
Buy Buy Buy! Whoever said these were knockoffs is crazy.. or probably some loyal Apple employee. If these are fake, these are the best damn wanna be Apple airpods ever. And as a matter of fact, I wanted to verify, so I went into the Apple store to buy a pair of "authentic airpods". The results... First they look identical.. logos, design, charging case..everything.  And they both sound great! Ive returned 4 different wireless earbuds, none of them have the ease of setup, quality sound or comfortable fit. No question these are the best on the market. I plan on keeping both pair now, but just in case, ill give the "knockoffs" to my wife :)
they just get lost so easy
wish id bought them sooner
My Apple AirPods are my absolute favorite product that I currently own. I would recommend them to anyone! The ideal user of this product is anyone who likes the size aspect of in-ear earbuds as opposed to over ear headphones but does not like the wires that go with them. Although this is an Apple product, it can still be used by people who do not have an Apple computer or smartphone. In facts, AirPods can connect to nearly any Bluetooth enabled device. The criteria that I am going to base this review on are: battery life, sound quality, price, and ease of use/functionality. Battery Life I have had my AirPods for about six months now, and I have never had an issue with the battery life of them. You charge them by plugging a lightning cable into the case, and then the case charges the individual AirPods. On Apple’s website it says that you can listen to music for up to five hours without having to put them back into the case to charge them. In addition, It also says that you can get up to twenty-four hours of listening time out of a single charge of the case. Sound Quality I am not a big sound junkie, but AirPods sound amazing in my opinion. Songs clearly sound different, in a good way, through my AirPods than through the speakers on my phone. Price Apple is currently selling their AirPods at a price of $159. While this may seem a bit pricy to some people, I believe they are worth every penny. Due to how technologically advanced they are, how well they sound, and how easy they are to use, $159 is a steal. Ease of Use / Functionality AirPods are incredibly easy to use. Connecting them to your phone could not be any easier either. All you need to do is open the case near your phone, and then an animation will show up on your screen with a button that says “connect”. Once you tap that, your AirPods are paired to your phone. Once you have them connected and are using them, if you want to pause your song, all you have to do is take one AirPod out of your ear. You can also assign certain functions to each AirPod. I have mine set up so that when I tap my right AirPod twice it skips to the next song, and when I do that to the left AirPod it goes back to the previous song. The functionality of this product is amazing. AirPods are an absolutely amazing product. They have an amazing battery life, great sound quality, a fair price, and are extremely easy to use. I cannot recommend them enough. I hope that right after reading this you go buy yourself some AirPods.
The first airpods I have ever owned. Worth the money and super satisfied. Its 100% authentic so dont worry about those negative reviews. Work well with my 7 plus and thanks for a competitive price (as same as retail price but you could avoid taxes). Thank you for a decent product.
Enjoying my AirPods, a Christmas gift from my spouse. She loves her AirPods and wanted me to enjoy them too. I wear them under my motorcycle helmet to stream music from my iPhone and take calls. This is a much cheaper choice over $260 motorcycle headsets and provide clear quality sound while riding. Id give five stars except that Im disappointed that AirPods dont control volume like standard earbuds do.  If Im not riding my motorcycle, I remove an AirPod to stop the program until I can access my iPhone to adjust volume.
Amazing sound with no cords and comfortable earpieces!  Works on android but not some of the cooler control functions - but your phone isnt far away and havent found anything better.
Hard to keep charged. Sounds good and fits nice.
Real deal and not an imitation.  Had searched Apple website and called local stores and told they would not be available for months.  Had lost the new ones I had gotten with my new iPhone and needed them to keep me from getting bored at the airport and on plane.  They were delivered very quickly before we left for our trip so I was very happy.
Im curious if these will work with someone that wears a hearing aid and already has a small pod in their ear?
A+ great product and was everything I expected!
Very good
Love it They have a great sound and they very easy to set up Love them
LOVE my AirPods and didnt want to wait months for them. From phone calls to music listening, they are great. Even lost one once and found with the locate my phone app with ease. I travel a ton for work, sound isnt that great for planes. But overall, they dont fall out like everyone says and they are awesome
love them , a little pricy
I absolutely love the earpods, so I figured airpods would even be better. These sound great in my opinion and they fit perfect in my ears without hurting them. By the way you can order these from AT&Ts website and have them delivered in like a day or two with free shipping so I dont know why people say these are in such high demand, I have never had an issue buying them and I have bought a few pairs already.
Amazing sound and feels very comfortable in my ears. Soooooooo happy with these!  Love the case too!  A+++++++++
Premium experience, they are great!
Purchased as a gift and they love them
LOVE the iPods.  can wear either alone and still answer calls or listen to music.
The wireless aspect is worth the price of admission. The charging case a huge benefit when your done put them in and when your ready for them again they are charged all up. I wore them at work all day today from 6am-till around 3pm only taking them out a few times when decorum wouldnt allow them to be worn. The price was a choice to pay a premium over waiting for apple or another retailer to have stock on hand. They stay in my ears just fine (i do a lot of walking and moving around at work) and had no falling out issues. To my non audiophile ears they sound just like the EarPods but the EarPods to me sounded much better then any other wired headphones (in the .99-60$ range) I think they are a great set of headphones and if your in the market (and apple headphones fit your ears) you wont be disappointed with them.
My cousin has reported that the sound quality nice the bass is good and though it may fall out during running, it holds surprisingly well during walking. This is after a years worth of use and wear and tear. There were few drops but only random ejection of the airpods were reported and only some scratch marks reported. My cousin says the quality of the product is really good and if it is on sale is must buy if your looking for airpods. ($120-$150 is a good reported range)
I thought they looked stupid until I heard the sound Quality which is amazing
They was aight
Love these! I’ve been glad I have them every day since I got them!
Best apple AirPods!! Authentic just registered them at Apple one yr guarantee!!!
The best headphones I have had by Apple
Great for workouts.
Have Jaybirds Freedom for workouts and Sony MDRs for audio —this is perfect for everyday and work (open office, calls, etc.).
I could not be more pleased with these. I always got so tired of having wires dangle everywhere with the standard iPhone headphones, so I decided to take the plunge to the AirPods. They fit in my ear perfectly and never feel like they will fall out, even when running or exercising. The battery life is more than sufficient, and I love how each one can be programmed differently to respond to a double-tap. I would highly recommend these to anyone who spends a lot of time on their phone making calls or listening to music.
I love it
Works hood
love it
I really like how great the sound quality is once you put them both in. They some how block out all of the outside sound great! And I love not haaving to deal with the cord.
These are the best earbuds. I bought a cheaper set and could never get them to pair correctly. These pair as soon as I take them out of the case. Excellent sound!
These are authentic apple branded. I love them for wireless usage but I still use my wired headphones for better sound quality and less slippage. They are super easy to lose but apple offers replacements.
Totally worth the bucks, I had bought other bluetooth earpods before, was disappointed, not with these ones. Perfect design, excellent quality.
I thought this could be a scam since I saw some comments that this is not real airpod but I got a real one and I’m loving it. Before, I thought this is just a expensive apple accessories and now my hands are free, cord free, I can walk around my house while listening to music when my phone is in my room. Awesome product!
I. Love. These. Things. So discreet, and the sound quality is great for how small they are. Super easy to pair and has that wonderful Apple brillance in connections.
After buying several knock-offs on Amazon and returning due to poor battery life or inability to stay paired with my iphone, I finally bit the bullet and ordered the real things. Im never looking back. The charge lasts forever, sound quality on calls is exceptional and they paired SO easily with my phone. The find your phone app also keeps track of them. Apple did it again!
Great pods been wanting them a while
Very good item
Most people ask why these are so expensive, but it is totally worth it! My son bought these for Christmas. One day, he accidentally left them without their case in his pockets, which later ended up in our clothes washer. Turns out, they were fine. I DO NOT recommend cleaning them this way, but I was very impressed that they are okay!
Ive always had a hard time fitting earbuds in my ears comfortable, but these do not hurt and stay put as long as you like even while jogging on the treadmill.
I use them every day
Original from apple. Thank you!
Works great!
Wonderful. Don’t know why I waited so long. They work perfectly and it solves the problem of not being able to charge my phone while talking.
Needed these mainly for exercise use and driving hands free. Tried other cheaper options that didn’t live up to my standard and finally decided to put up the money for these and they were well worth it! Love the sound quality. Love the ease of use ( auto connects if you have iPhone ) also you’ve an use one or both with such ease. Battery life can be a tad better, however the fact that the case itself holds a charge makes charging the individual ear pieces much easier. Also charges very quickly (Both the ear pieces and the case itself). Lastly I can run with these and they do not fall out to my surprise.
Awesome! The pros: 1. battery life and easy to charge/recharge. 2. Syncing 3. Sound great 4. Using them to talk on the phone which is really 5star and what I’ve used and prefer now. 5. Using with Apple watch is a plus The cons: 1. Not a con as this could be more user error, but for me using the gestures of tapping the AirPod is not for me. Hopefully software updates overtime will change my mind.
Better than expected - love them, pairing was a breeze and they work great - stay charged a long time.
Great!
Absolutely loves these, especially when it comes to working out
I had been saving to buy these headphones for a while and now that I have them I’m very happy with my purchase. The sound quality is excellent! The charging case is simple and an excellent compartment to house the headphones. The Bluetooth pairing took only a few seconds with my iPhone and they’re perfect for working out staying in place.
Light, easy to use and comfortable
Amazing earphonea. Great quality. Long battery life. Recommend highly.
These sound fantastic and are perfectly comfortable!
Great fit and fantastic sound quality.
Hands down the best money Ive ever spent! I was iffy about them falling out when I first purchased them but I have had zero issues with that even when doing intense activities like sprinting and HIIT training. They seamlessly pair with my Iphone just by opening the case! I can control the volume and change the song playing in the headphones with my Apple watch so its amazing during workouts! Another cool feature is that they automatically pause the music when you pull one out and resume when you put them back in your ear. GENIUS! The case packs an extra charge so I can go quite a while without having to re-charge. The case is sleek and small enough to hook onto my keys (I bought a silicone cover) without making them bulky. I would recommend again and again and again!!!!
BEST wireless builds out there!!! I’ve owned many other brands, and they never last long enough for a full good morning workout or are uncomfortable. These have amazing battery time especially because they charge up every time they go back in the case! It’s like magic. I’ve only had to charge the case like 4 times in the month or so that I’ve had them!!! Sound quality is great. I was afraid that these wouldn’t fit well and might fall out but they are perfect! I go Runnjng with these, biking and wear at the gym. I love how convenient they are and I love how I can use Siri to do different things like call someone or skip a song without touching any buttons or my phone. WELL WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!
awsome
I love my apple airpods!
Love them! Great sound and quality.
These are awesome!
Don’t know how I lived without these!
these are the best. have bought one for myself and two as gifts. highly recommend
Best headphones ever, so free and easy to wear.
First, this is an Apple product.  I read some reviews that mentioned the item was not an Apple product.  Second, the fit is fabulous for me, and I am enjoying them.  The sound quality is very good.  They are not noise canceling.  For regular use I don’t think this is a problem.  I listen to a wide range of music, as well as online training.  These will handle both well.  True audiophiles may prefer full noise cancellation, which I do on occasion, but for a number of reasons, I prefer these for daily use.
Excellent purchase! Would fully recommend to anyone. Ive had no vices and most everyone I know who has these feels the same. The only concern Ive heard from some is not fitting their ears, but for me the fit is great, can run or be on the go and have no concern of them hurting or falling out.
My daughter loves these! They are very well made and I love that they turn off when they are removed and have a self charging case
I don’t know why people are saying these are fake, as you can see from my attached photos, they are authentic.
I was hesitant ever since they launch the AirPods. But after having them a couple of days, I shoulder have ordered them a long time ago. I got tired of the wired headphones especially traveling. Highly recommended and look forward to enjoying my new AirPods.
love it, so seamless.
The AirPods are everything I was looking for. Amazing fit a finish. Small and compact and does not sacrific sound quaility in return. There just easy and strait forward! In my opinion, they sound as good or better then the EarPods that come with your apple products
Simply fantastic! These have quickly become the only headphones I use now and I love the sense of freedom they give. Battery life is quite good for them and the charging is remarkably fast. I would recommend getting a cover for the case though. It seems to scratch easily.
Great sound.
I am on a bus every morning and one too many times my wired headphones would get caught in my backpack, on someone else, whatever, causing my phone to tumble to the ground. When decided to just bite the bullet for these AirPods, I really didnt realize how amazing they would be. They stay in my ears very well. I live in a household that is an Apple ecosystem so these AirPods work effortlessly with everything. The microphone works great and you can speak at a normal volume and hear and be heard quite well. At work I only use one (on the ear not facing my door) so passersby arent aware of my listening to music. When someone wants to talk, just discreetly removing it pauses the sound, and it starts right back up when you put it back in again. Probably the best unexpected use is when my partner is off to bed earlier, I can now be watching TV (via Apple TV) and listen to it via the AirPods by switching output from speakers to bluetooth in the settings. Its brilliant! Highly recommended if you have Apple products, especially Apple TV and the iPhone.
Love, love, love my Air Pods!!!!!!!
Apples Airpods, though they took over a month for me to receive since I bought them (do NOT buy them from sellers who overprice them, it is worth the wait for the normal $160 price) I do not regret purchasing these. They are extremely simple and intuitive to set up. They work flawlessly from my iPhone to my watch or MacBook. All you have to do is open the case to set them up, its that simple. They have great sound, slightly better than the regular EarPods, though the difference is not extremely noticeable. The features are what set them apart from every other set of Bluetooth headphones. They are extremely easy to set up, play/pause when you remove them from your ear, both have great noise-isolating microphones and they are very satisfying to use. The click of the case when it closes, or when the AirPods charge is immensely satisfying. The only thing I dont particularly love about these headphones is how they look, but Im sure Ill adjust as will everyone else, its just the price of using early technology. Overall a fabulous product that is extremely useful and easy to use and setup for anyone.
theyre absolutely great in perfect condition and just fell in love!
omg i love them i bought them from ebay a bit cheeper but anyways the sound is so much more full, alot more bass its crazy they sound good on the bass boosted songs lol. once you get them you wont be able to go back to the wired ear-pods. I go running with mine and it doesnt fall out so if they regular wired ones fit well then these will fit better. also i use this with my computer with Bluetooth and an android so if it was Bluetooth it WILL work.
Greatest earphones I have EVER bought. Totally worth it, I use them daily. If you like the Apple earphones then the AirPods are a MUST for you
Paid a premium to avoid the wait but it was worth it. Prior to this I had tried several different other brands and they all had one problem or other either with connection, charge time, fit or sound quality especially with the mic. I kept going back to the wired Apple EarPods which were ok but the wires were driving me crazy getting tangled all the time. These paired instantly with my iPhone 6s from the home screen, the sound quality is as good as or better than the wired EarPods, people seem to be able to hear me just as well when on the phone (which has been my biggest gripe on other wireless earbuds.) The fit is surprisingly good, a tiny bit more snug than the EarPods but not uncomfortable at all. Im very impressed at how well they stay in. I can run jump tilt my head 90+ degrees to the side and jump and it wont come out. My only gripe is that you cant control the volume by touch. Hopefully in a future version they will enable tapping higher and lower to adjust volume.
Quick shipping from seller and AirPods are amazing!
Fit well, super ease of use, work as advertised. AAANNNDDDD... the reason for the review:  The egg w/ pods inside accidentally went through the WASH.  Didnt work for 2 days, then did. ymmv.
Simply amazing! I love my new Air Pods! Buy them, try them and you will love them too. Brilliant invention and great sound. They could be just a smidge louder but I am not complaining.
Item just like describe. Completely sealed. Genuine. Awesome seller, the item arrived very fast and have a really good communication. Im please with the quality of the item. Im really satisfied.
Great sound and battery life. They fit nicely in my ears and I haven’t had any issues with them not staying in place. Highly Recommend!
Perfect .-
The Battery Life on the AirPods are horrible. It holds a charge for 3-4 hours. I would rate the “battery life” a zero if I had the option.
I like the ease with which I can pair these air pods with all of the Apple products. It is often difficult to keep the air pods deep in your ear where you get the best sound quality. I wish they had a volume control on the side of the air pods.  I have a great deal o difficulty getting them to a non-Apple trenamitter. I sometimes am able to get them to pair but not very often. Is there some trick to getting them to pair. I have no trouble getting them to pair with my Samsung TV.
Great item made by Apple. The are worth the money and hopefully should last many years down the road!
I have been hesitant to invest in these due to the price, and wow am I glad to have taken the plunge.  Great for working out and all music experiences.  Highly recommend!
I already love these! Sound quality is great, mic works and sounds great. Opened the container and they immediately paired without my prompting. Easy to forget they’re in your ear(s)! Weighted enough where they don’t feel they’ll come out.
Amazing! Use this everyday. Small enough to be in your pocket. Fits comfortably in my ear for long periods of time. Plus sound quality is great as well as battery life.
Im not a fan at all of the stock EarPods so I didnt have super high expectations for these, but all the reviews couldnt be that far off could they? Well, I got a set for my wife and they exceeded expectations! The W1 chip makes for easy syncing and a solid connection, and I could swear they actually sound better than EarPods! Phone calls are super convenient on them as well.
Best purchase
Es lo que venden
I certainly love it. Easily to connect to iPhone and the sound is clear. Also it cancels off surrounding noise where it allows me to enjoy my music without interruption. I use it for jogging and it fits perfectly, it doesn’t fall/ slip off. Overall it looks classy and delivers quality music without the hassle of wires tangling around
Sounds pretty good and works as expected.  Sometimes the audio can have feedback but unsure of whether the AirPods are the sole issue.
You cannot go wrong with these babies; they sound great, easy to sychronize with your other apple devices.
Great product
Absolutely love the AirPods!! No problems with them falling out. When you have them in, everything else is blocked out.
Love these when I go running and talking on the phone too when I don’t want to hold my phone to my ear.
Excelente producto que cumple mis expectativas.
Amazing best earpods
Loved it right away . I had one that I bought in 2016 but one side stopped working . So as far as durability is concerned it’s about 2 years.
Love the price and convenience!
They’re pretty decent. Wanted a good amount of bass but they don’t have much, they get the job done. These are probably worth only like 20 dollars. I honestly prefer skull candy ear buds over These. The best feature though is they connected automatically. It did take a while before I got used to them, I would freak out because I thought they weren’t connected but the sound quality is pretty decent, and the noise cancellation is pretty nice as well. They don’t fit my ears very good so I had to get the little athletic grip things so they’ll stay in when I’m laying down. You have to take the grips off when you wanna put them in the case though
Love these . Great sound and super convenient.
These are amazing! This is by far the best purchase i have ever made. They fit so comfortable in my ears just like the earpods. They are aesthetically pleasing, the sound quality is better than my beats, the phone calls are so clear and distinct. You can direct different sides to do different things. Theyre wonderful!
Ive tried almost all of the cheap to medium priced on Amazon, but its not that. I have a Samsung phone and wasnt sure if it will work on my phone. The earphones working perfectly.
Best Apple product since the introduction of the iPad. Very happy with my purchase and can recommend this product to anyone interested!
I love these!  Great for fathers day gift.
These things are so awesome... The controls are finite, yet intuitive. The sound is unbelievable for such small earbuds. The case charges those suckers SOOOO fast, and its awesome that it can tell you how much charge is left in both the case and the buds. All this adds to my love for these Pods, but my favorite part is NEVER having to turn them on or push any button to connect. SO EASY. The only drawback is that Im TERRIFIED of losing them, or even worse, just one pod.
Quick Delivery for a wonderful product.
Awesome price and amazing service, when they got here they were a little dirty but that is to be expected as I had bought them used like new. They cleaned up nice and work very well thank you!
I’ve only had mine for one day, but I’m very demanding about Bluetooth quality. So far, I’m pretty impressed in every way, particularly the great fit into my ear. My ear can breathe! It doesn’t feel “plugged” as many others do and it doesn’t feel like it’ll fall out. Also, nothing hanging over my ear and fighting for space with my eyeglasses! So I’m still discovering the quality of my AirPods but I’m sure my rating won’t change. A great buy!
Genuine air pods, verified through Apple with serial number and was able to register them. So happy to find these on amazon!
Ill keep it Short and Sweet! I would pay double for these headphones, not having a cord is mind blowing! SO worth the money, battery life is about 5-6 hours, I dont have problems, every time they go in the case they charge back up! BUY THEM!
Love it. One of the best products apple makes. For some odd reason the wired version from Apple keeps falling off my ears but NOT this one. Definetely worth the price.
They work really well but fall out of my ears quite often
another unbelievably life revolutionizing product from Apple. As a runner with small ears this is the first pair of earbuds that stay in my ears while running. I forget I am wearing them many times!
Love these. Expensive? Yes. But with every penny. I use them all the time!
Able to run with them, great sound quality. Much better sound quality than the wired Apple headphones.
I am in love with the product. addicted. thank you
These sound great for what they are, and the text to speech on an iphone sounds much better through these.
Have no bad reviews love love them all items are excellent
I did a lot of research before I bought these. Ultimately you can get better sound quality with BOSE in ear buds but they are big and bulky. this is just so intuitive with my iPhone. great quality for making calls also.
I’ve had a pair just over a week now and I’m very impressed. I’m not an Apple fan boy, but I have to admit they’ve packed a lot of tech into these little guys. As expected Apple does a great job with the packaging of the product. Inside you’ll find the instructions, the AirPods in their charging case and underneath, a charging cable. They do not include a wall charger so you’ll have to use one you have lying around or charge using a computer. First off, these guys charge wicked fast. I find myself charging the case once every 4 days or so, which is awesome. The case does an amazing job of charging the buds themselves, it doesn’t take long to get them to 100%.  The battery life also seems on par with what Apple states on their website. Connecting to your iPhone is a breeze. Simply have the AirPods near the phone and flip the lid. It’ll ask if you want to connect, just say yes and you’re done. What’s great about this is that they are also connected to every device that uses your Apple ID, including your Apple Watch and Apple TVs. I don’t have a Mac, but it should work there as well. For me, the buds provide a really good fit (you can go to your local Apple store like I did and try them before buying). The sound is also much clearer and punchier than I expected. What’s nice is that Apple added options so that the right and left ear bud have different functions when you double tap them. I did a lot of research before buying these and they are the best bang for your $ when compared to Bose, Bragi, etc. If your an iPhone owner these are a great buy.
Well worth the price!!!
Daughter loves them
Good
These have met and exceeded my expectations for wireless headphones.  The last set I had were just as expensive, wouldnt even last through a workout, and were not loud at all.
I got mine from the apple store, but I do really like them and just wanted to write a review for them here. For me they are the only earbuds that fit comfortably in my ear so the fact there are a pair of these headphones that are wireless got me to buy them. After using them, I was very pleased with the battery life and the sound quality (its not the best, but its not bad either). The Airpods are very light, but still have a very quality weight to them. I have had no issue with them connecting with my Android or IOS devices and other than some of the functionality being removed on Android I had no problem using them. The pice is a lot to ask for, but I definitely feel like it is worth it.
I didn’t want them, got them as a gift for Christmas and now love them. I do hate the new design, they don’t “seal” against my ears so I’m loosing a lot of bass. But they don’t fall, I’m so surprised that they don’t. Tried them going up and down the stairs at home, run around the house and they stay. And they sound pretty good too. But the best feature is that they connect to all my Apple devices easily. Using them with Apple TV right now.
So far so good, actually they are excellent, but Ive only had them for one day. If you like wireless ear pods/buds, this is the best your going to get.
I have used several other "wireless earbud" products. Most have connections between the ear pods. I wont name names but the ones that dont have connection cords are very horrible audio quality. These are the same sound quality if not better than regular earpods from apple. the benefits are during running and during weight lifting these dont have a cord pulling on ur head with each stride. They usually stay in my ears even while jump roping and 80% of the time stay in the ears of my fiance except when she is doing double under jump ropes they have fallen out 2 times. They are durable enough not to break when falling which is a plus. The pods can be used on 2 iphones simultaneously and autoconnect to whichever is closer. Read the easy instructions to set up but it took us less than 5 minutes. They also dont have downside of other earpieces that you have difficulty syncing or turning on or off. These are automatically turned on when leaving the charging case and turned off when placed back in. You can use one at a time if you feel like it (awesome for zombie running on iphone with 2 people from one phone). Distance is good enough for 10 feet before loss of connection. No problems with signal noise or loss. Overall great job apple!
Great sound quality and fit, i was pleasantly suprised they dont fall out of my ears
Terrific!!!
Excellent product. Its quality and technology excel at all times. I am very satisfied with the purchase. Recommended article 100%.
It was the real product came in 3 days using them right now chilling
Its really the best wireless earpods I ever bought.
Despite being bluetooth they have excellent sound and bass. They are very comfortable and stay fixed.
Luv it
Best ever buy for music. Communication and they fit comfortably
Good product
The best things that ever happened to me!! I love how if you have long hair you cant even tell their in and nobody knows! ONLY THING is that they were hell of a lot expensive but I think its worth it.
Did an update, working great now!
I bought directly from Amazon.com (chose it as my seller). I received authentic Airpods and even verified it successfully with Apple through the warranty information site. 10/10 recommend, its so convenient.
No need to talk about it, its perfect!
These work great. My son loves them
You should make this review optional.
Best wireless headphones at a very good price, If youre thinking of getting a True Wireless Headphones then surely go for these.
I love them
First off, these aren’t knockoff, I was skeptical and so scared but once I got them I checked the serial number and they were real! The battery on these is amazing, I charge the case every 3-4 days, so it’s pretty good, I’ve dropped them many times and nothing has happened, no scuffs or marks! I’m loving my AirPods
My daughter has wanted these ever since the phone changed, but they were more expensive when they first came out & I thought she’d lose them. She has wireless beats that broke a few days before her bday, so I bought these & she says they are amazing, way better than the beats & really comfortable. Her favorite thing is if one comes out of your ear the music stops.
Made wife happy
Got this today I love it!! Looks good and it’s authentic which is the best tried it with the serial number of apple warrently and called apple and it’s verified folks definitely cheaper then the apple store and worth the price !! Recommend !!
Clear quality sound, even with one AirPod in use. Keeps a charge for a long time. Immediately recognizes my iPhone or Kindle when case is opened. I also bought the skin, see picture. It fits perfectly and it should help, if I drop the charger. Highly recommend!
Long Range Connection  is something that I have not seen as a big benefit to using these. You can put them in your ears and connects automatically to your iPhone in another room in your home. Music  is more stereophonic than regular ear pods. Con is they are so small they can be lost.
I love how seamlessly they connect to my iPhone. I wish I would of bought them sooner.
great product and it’s cheaper on here than at apple!
Better then expected.
The best accessory apple offers. Game changer! Solid ear bud and they stay in place while working out and running. Highly recommend. Ready to go out of the box in seconds.
WOW GUYS, WHAT THEY SAY IS TRUE! APPLE NOSE PLUGS ARE THE BEST ON THE MARKET! I have had these nose plugs for many weeks now and they have saved me from many awkward situations of a runny nose! If I ever feel a runny nose coming on, I put these in, and crisis averted! My friend told me I should buy these for my runny nose, and I did! They work so well, I cant even believe it! Apple should make the price lower for nose plugs though!
Gift
100% satisfied with this product. Worth the money!
I love them
Sound great and it fit right I like it
It is cheaper and good quantity.
Great quality but arrived way too late! Plus its way too expensive!
Amazing. Another product Apple makes and you don’t know you need until you have them. Worth every penny if you wear wireless headphones. Sound quality is good but obviously not as great as larger wired headphones but that should not be your expectation considering the size and being wireless. They come everywhere with me because the case is so small and easy to cart and keeps them charged at all times. When one is dying you can throw it in the charger and go with one AirPod. They literally charge to 100% in 10-15 minutes - that’s not a gimmick. This is Apple. Once the dying ear charges throw the other in for 10-15 mins and your back in the game!
Excellent quality , loved every detail of the product , super recommended!
AWESOME!!!!!! i love them
Love it.
Love these! Fit well, don’t hurt, would highly recommend for any Apple lover.
Great
Its all right
I love this product! Quick delivery also! Highly recommend!
Love these. Fantastic battery life. Unless you’re primed to hear/notice issues in sound quality (which I am not) you’ll love the sound quality these put out. My only complaint is that I wish the product would come with some additional ear fittings to ensure a proper fit; these stay in my ears plenty well but move around just enough to lose some of the sound quality. All around great product, great features, a little expensive but I feel the value is really there.
Best things ever
Wow!  So much better than I even expected!  Ive have had several Bluetooth earbuds, even 2-piece earbuds--nothing I have had even comes close to the quality of the AirPods.  I have been tempted for a long time because I like the shape of Apple EarPods; I just find them more comfortable.  First just to touch them you feel they are better made.  Next, I have never had a Bluetooth device that connects so easily.  Lastly, but probably most importantly, the sound quality is top notch.  Totally worth the investment, if you are not someone who will loose them in a week.
Fast delivery. Packaging was perfect and my 14 year old daughter LOVES them!!!
Very impressed
Probably my most favorite apple product ever!
This is it right here. I thought I wasnt gonna like it but this is great. I always wanted to get a pair and I am totally satisfied. Clean, clear, and beautiful.
I use these every single day multiple times a day. I’ve been looking for a great pair of Bluetooth headphones without any cords and I found exactly what I needed. I have a pair of the big Bluetooth Beats, the newest ones, I think they’re called Solo something or other. The Apple ones you will still be able to hear background noise so they’re not completely noise proof of your surroundings which is why I only rated them 4 stars. If you want noise proof I recommend the big Bluetooth Beats Solo ones because you will not hear any outside noises but I still will pick up my Apple AirPods over the Beats 9 out of 10 times. I do recommend purchasing a case for the AirPods case though because they are delicate so I just ordered a cheap silicon one also on amazon that came with a small carabiner clip on it so it cannot get lost and it keeps it safe.
I live in Honduras I Was think that it is going to be send To Honduras!!
Best Apple product I’ve ever bought!
These Airpods are excellent. I had a pair, and lost one after several months of having them, which was my own fault. However, I purchased these as "Used- Like New," for about $196, but I took a trip through Best Buy, which I had been told was out of these, only to find they had two pairs in stock, and they were only about $160, brand new. So, although I love this product, I did return it, since there was a better price, and they were available in town.
They were pretty good except sometimes the sound would be too low but that was easily fixed by disconnecting and reconnecting them again. They fit good except during some workouts where theyd fall off.  They were fun while I had them until they got lost after having them only a month thanks to my gf.
Im a full time professional recording engineer that works with multi-platinum artists including billboard #1 multi-artists. I can say these are everything I have ever wanted in portable headphones/earbuds. Sound great (I mean, I have some $500+ focals that obviously cant be matched, but all my other headphones are now in a drawer) and I do mean 10x better, night and day, than the standard ear pods or most other earbuds. The user experience is where the bar is set though. Pull them out and press connect (in under 3 seconds) and thats it. Put them in your ears. Take one out to actually listen to someone again. Put one in to enter zen again. Assign the tap on the side to different functions like (Siri, next, previous, start/stop). The double-tap is super useful. So lets go on to where the real functionality beyond what I just mentioned is: Charging/Battery life. You charge the case and the case can deliver 6-7 full charges to the AirPods. To get 3 hours of battery life out of the AirPods? 15 minutes. 20-25 minutes? 5 hours. So if you have them in for say 30 minutes or an hour and put them back in the case; When you take them out they are fully charged again. You can open the case next to your phone and it tells you battery percentage of both the case and the AirPods. They never die. Ive never gone a full day since I got them a month ago to get the case down below 70%. These are truly what every wireless audio device ever should have always should have been. Google the W1 chip and the AirPods and learn for yourself that this is where its at. This is what defines Apple. And this is the best. This will change your life and how you listen to music. Literally. From everything I thing just mentioned to the fact its an insta-mute switch when youre out and about; I have to scream TAKE MY MONEY!!!
Just replaced the Samsung wireless headphones, they seemed to have kept out the noise much better than the Airpods. The Airpods are slimmer, and crisp, but lack the bass in comparison to the Samsung. Give and take I suppose, but nevertheless Apple did a solid job.
Finally I can talk in the car and people can hear me. All around top notch!
I have had them for a little over a week and they stay charged for a long time!  Apple earbuds are the only ones that I find to be comfortable in my ears.  I ran with them for the first time last night and there were great! Well worth the money and I would highly recommend them!
Expensive but worth the money. Easy to set up Bluetooth with your iPhone. They are pretty comfortable with your ears.
Love my AIrpods, all the ease of use and functionality Apple is known for - not to mention stylish. But do yourself a favor and buy them new directly from Apple, I got mine refurbished from a 3rd party seller and regret it.
These are by far THE BEST wireless earbuds of all time. They surpass anything that I have ever used or owned. The technology alone was why I initially bought them. The technology is simply amazing while still having excellent sound for wireless earbuds. Noise isolation could be better but if you arent in a REALLY loud environment then they will serve you fine. In my experience the noise isolation is fine for my needs including: mildly loud restaurant, street noise, etc. Dont get me wrong you will still hear background noise while listening to music, but it is not very obtrusive. I would recommend these to anyone considering the original $160 price tag on Apple. Pro tip...use isinstock.com to track if they are in a store near you. Using this tool I got my AirPods in a matter of days. One final note...they look pretty cool contrary to popular belief. They dont look like toothbrush heads sticking out of your ears...Lol!
love them
I love these! They are so convient to use. You dont even realize how useful they will be until you have them. Now they are not worth the $250 I paid but if your impatient like me then you probably wont be disappointed.
Sound it okay, but they keep falling out of my ears! Apple needs to come up with something to help secure them and keep them in your ears!! If you have small ears stick to the wired!
Another Apple innovation
I finally got my air pods and I love them the sound is good love making my calls with just a tap and they dont fall out of my ears, I had to wait a while to get them but happy with my purchase!!
This headphone is amazing! Definitely worth the money!!
As expected... they work perfectly, they are comfortable and the sound is quite good (not audiophile stuff, but good enough). I work all day using headphones, and these are by far the most comfortable pai I have ever owned... and I have A LOT of headphones.
Compared to third party wireless Bluetooth earbuds, the Apple AirPods are an incredibly simple and intuitive design that are basically impossible not to love. Setup for many other earbuds can be a daunting task of pairing and repairing each individual piece, the AirPods require exactly zero setup time (just pop open the little box while your iphones Bluetooth is active, thats it). Sound quality is smooth and just as high quality as a most wired headphones. So whats the catch? The price, obviously, will be prohibitive to many, and isnt in line with the competition. Battery life is good (and can be extended on the go with the included pod case) but for long use will suffer from degradation over time like all batteries. These wireless earbuds are really top of the line, but probably only for serious users!
It amazes me how Amazon can sell Apple products cheaper than Apple itself. The product is not counterfeit and connects seamlessly to my iPhone.
This is a great set of head phones. Yea it’s over priced but well worth it if you have an iPhone or any other apple product for that matter.
Im a Google phone guy, but I bought this for my girl friend as a gift because she was always wired to her iphone.  She said the iPods were the best gift ever.  She loves being able to walk around her office and home untethered.
My favorite headphones
The AirPodis the  easiest  Wireless head set to  Connect to your phone.
Was a gift for my daughter and brother they are super happy with them
My comment about this AirPods is, these are literally earphones without the wire. I have to admit that these pods are really cool and has a long battery life, but it’s a little way too overpriced. They connect automatically to my iphone( very cool) and you can charge it with the case. The problem is that it falls off easily if you do exercise like running, and I hope that the company finds a solution to fix this. Overall, nice product and I would recommend! (only if you’re super rich)
Brand new.
Tried the generic ones, but as you know never steer from the origins, especially Apple.
love these airpods they work great
I was so skeptical. I’ve been through so many blue tooth’s for my job. They all fall out, make my ears sore etc... these are in fact more comfortable than the earbuds that come standard with iPhones. In fact I forget they’re in. Sound quality is excellent and I even shook my head as hard as I could to make them fall out and they didn’t budge. I even did a flipping cartwheel and they stayed put!!!!!!! I’m an AirPod convert. Nothing even compares.
Okay, absolutely love my AirPods!!! They’re the real ones too- I love the battery life on them- I love the charging case. They case and the headphones themselves are super strong, I hate to admit that I’ve dropped both of them twice since I’ve gotten them and they still work good as new- the best part is- the case is still intact! No scratches!! Absolutely love the sound quality and the handfree quality they give. Worth the hype.
Excellent
Best in the market. If you listen to podcasts all day like me, you need these.
I always thought these were gimmicky, but they are life changing. I now listen to music like 10 hours a day and theyre perfect for cities where you dont want to be noise-proof, but want something that you can turn up or turn down. Buy these! You wont regret it. Amazon has the best price as well.
Its from Apple, not a fake
My whole family has these. We love them. Worth every penny, especially for hands free driving.
So convenient — easy to go between my blue tooth speaker to these to wired headphones as necessary. I have the same problems others do with them being a little loose in my ears, so while the sound quality is good, they don’t block ambient noise. That said, though, the convenience they provide is worth it (especially being able to just use one when I still need to be able to hear what’s going on around me).
Work great
No comparison, these sound great and connect flawlessly.
Sometimes I am scared when ordering high cost products, but this one came just right! 
Very useful
I was kinda hesitant to order these because I read so many reviews about some being authentic and some getting pairs that were dirty or fake but I went ahead and ordered a pair labeled as brand new from amazon and they came exactly that way. Brand new sealed and authentic from Apple. They were so easy to pair; just open and place next to iPhone and they were ready. They fit in my ears very well and feel so light you get lost in the music and almost forget they are even in your ears. Very happy with my purchase.
These are amazing! And they are the real thing.
i just received mine today and so far I’m inlove with these things!
Clear crisp audio and works on my Pixel 2
To be honest, I was a bit disappointed with the Airpods because it does not have the bass and it does not do noise cancellation when I first got them.  However, after two weeks of usage, I totally understand the purpose of Airpods- it allows you to use them with your Apple Watch, iPad, iMac, and your iPhone seamlessly.  Not only that, Siri works well and the microphones on the Airpods somehow managed to pick up my speech clearly and relay my voice to callers on the other side of the line.  Furthermore, the ability to use the Airpods with only my Apple Watch when I exercise is awesome.  I dont have to worry about my phone slipping out of my pocket when I do bench press.  Having said that, it did took over an hour to transfer over 800 MB of music from iTune to the Apple Watch.  It was very slow.  If the wizards at Apple can figure out a way to do noise cancellation, it would be great for air travelers.  I wouldnt need to carry a large noise cancellation headphone for a 14-hr flight. Now the bad part- I was driving and I was checking out Siri by tapping on the right Airpod.  I somehow dislodged the Airpod as it came out of my ear canal and fell toward the floor.  When I used the find my Airpods option to locate my Airpod, the sound coming out of the Aipods was barely audible.  11 minutes later, I found the missing Airpod.  It somehow bounced off the floor and it ended up resting on a metal bracing underneath the seat.  Since it wasnt on the floor, it was quiet frustrating for me because I kept searching for it.  Just be careful with the Airpods. I really love the design.  The magnetic flip top design is very cool and the way Airpods are magnetic grabbed is also very cool.
I am in love with my airpods. Especially if you have an Apple Watch you’ll never have to pull out your phone, as the watch will act as a remote. I haven’t been able to kill them, unless on a phone call then they burn up the battery pretty quick, but 15 minutes will usually get you past 80% from 10%. I only have to charge my case every couple of days and it only takes about an hour. I don’t know how I made it without these things. They are the most convenient accessory next to the Apple Watch you can get. If your an audiophile, these are not meant for you. They sound great unless you’re expecting noise canceling perfection, like $300 bose’s. I can go out side almost a block and still listen to music. I have forgotten my phone, and didn’t realize till I was halfway down the block, when the audio started going out. Size wise if the EarPods fit your ears good, these will fit great. If not, the. Either buy some covers with wing tips or go with something else. Everyone’s ears are different. Anyways altogether, these are great. The case is fantastic and very compact. As long as you put your pods back in their case you shouldn’t have any problems losing them, or keeping them charged.
Truly amazing, exactly what I expected from Apple products!
the range is fantastic. Sound is almost indistinguishable from the wired version.  Battery life is impressive considering the size and they charge super fast. Durability is shockingly high the hit the floor several times and have been fine. I even washed them in the washing machine and they still worked fine.
I didnt think Id like these things but after getting them as a gift I must say I keep them with me everyday. The compact case fits in my pocket perfect so I can keep them with me at all times and you cant beat the fact that the case charges them as well. Call quality is great and they are very comfortable. These are my new favorite accessory and you wont be disappointed with them.
Watch its unboxing and review video in HD on my Youtube channel: skyforce95
Love the Airbuds for ease of use, solid Bluetooth connection, compact charging unit, long battery life, sound quality, and comfort of fit.  Hate there is no volume control, can fall out of your ears, look really strange without strap.  So adding a strap such as one by Elago takes care of these last two complaints.  Be careful when ordering a strap to make sure there is an opening at the bottom since you need this to use the microphone for talking.
Seamless connections with all my Apple products. Very genuine!
the best you can buy period. pricy tho.
Good head phone work well
Good product but the price is to high here  $159.00
Initially, I loved the concept of Airpods but was certain that they wouldnt work for me.  Id never even tried the Earpods that came with my iPhone, convinced that they would never fit my small ears.  But one day recently, I ran across that pair of Earpods and decided to try them out.  To my great surprise, they were both comfortable and relatively stable in my ears, so I quickly set about acquiring a set of Airpods.  Im delighted with them!  Id like to note a few things here for folks like me who love the idea but are skeptical that theyll work for them. For me, the biggest surprise is that Airpods dont fit INSIDE the ear, they rest ON the ear like the handset of a wall-mounted phone rests in its hook.  At first, I kept trying to cram the AirPod more deeply into my ear canal, since thats what I was used to, but thats not how Airpods are designed.  As it turns out, the same design that I was convinced would never work for me—that teardrop shape—is exactly the design that rests securely in the cradle formed by my ear.  Once I figured that out, I started simply placing the AirPod just inside my outer ear, then gently pressing it DOWN (not IN) to secure it.  The stem of the AirPod fits neatly in the little groove just in front of the earlobe and holds it steady.  So far, the only time one has fallen out is when I accidentally knocked the stem. The other surprise is that, although I experienced some soreness and tenderness at first with the Airpods, this went away within the first week.  Ill be honest:  I was afraid for several days there that I wouldnt be able to wear them because of the soreness, but I read someone elses review noting that this went away within a couple of weeks, so I stuck it out.  Im so glad I did.  No problem now. The third surprise (though really its not) is just how wonderfully designed and executed these really are.  You look at the Airpods online and imagine all kinds of things, including how easy theyll be to lose.  I worried about this, and for some folks, they will be.  But now that I have them, Im so impressed by how small they are, how solid and well-made, how well they fit and work.  The case is just wonderful; it fits in a watch pocket.  I have yet to drain it to even 50%.  Apples design solves so many of the issues Ive had with Bluetooth headphones over the years (and Ive had nearly a dozen different sets).  I just love them. Full disclosure:  I use earbuds primarily for listening to audio books, so I wont comment on the Airpods for listening to music.  I usually use one AirPod at a time, which allows me not only to charge one while the other is in use, but to switch ears, thus avoiding fatigue and keeping one ear open to my surroundings.  Its perfect for me.  Im told that theyre indistinguishable as a headset on phone calls, and believe me, this is a FIRST for me in my long history with Bluetooth headsets. I hope this proves useful to someone who, like me, is on the fence about Airpods.  Try them.  You just might be very pleasantly surprised!
Im not a fan of the style but overall usability is wonderful
APPLE always outdoes themselves. From the click-wheel on the iPod to the touch-screen iPhone, Apple always proves to be the innovation and design king of the tech-industry. To anyone considering purchasing the AirPods, you will NOT be let down. An excellent product. One of Apples hallmarks is ease of use. This definitely tops it. Great sound quality with very distinguishable sounds. (Better than EarPods). Within two minutes of use I forgot they were in my ears! Steve Jobs is smiling from above. Great job, Apple. This is the legacy that Jobs would approve of.
I am very pleased with my Airpods; I had ordered them at the Apple Store in Grand Central Station in NYCity and I had to wait almost six weeks for them and I do not regret a moment of it. Before I could place my order they gave me the chance to try a pair so I knew what I was buying and for how much. In my opinion all those who find something to criticize about them are those who like to criticize: they would bitch Santa for being too fat! I was really surprised with the quality of the sound, especially the bass: they do not sound as well as the Bose Quiet Comfort 35 but that should not be a surprise: when I need more high fidelity I listen to my Bose. When I still need more quality I go to one of my super duper wired headphones but the gap is narrowing. I have been doing lots of walking and lots of spin for twenty or thirty miles at the time and they have no failed to please me. People ask me if I am not fearsome of loosing them and I tell her that if I had been a chicken I would not have bought them. You just look at them you know that you have to be responsible: it hasnt happened yet but if one should slip out while in use you know it immediately so I would not be too hysterical.  They are, all together, very well designed: when I use them with my iPhone I can see how much power is left in the pair as well as in the charging pod. Wherever he is Steve Jobs must be proud.
Main reason I like these is that they recharge very quickly in their case. This means I can use them for a couple/few hours and then re-charge them in 10-20 minutes for more.  Contrast with BeatsX, which are great but they run out of power after a while and one has to plug them into the wall. These fit in my ears just fine, though they are smooth glossy plastic which means sometimes they can get slippery with gross skin oil.  They tend to work well, and usually consistently (sometimes inconsistent if I manually connect these to a macbook, or if Im using with an iPad (watching netflix) then fire up another app on iphone these will cross react.  Pretty good though for the most part. Audio...Im no audiophile but these seem pretty good to me.  Mostly use them for listening to Howard Stern, audiobooks, or Pandora. Lastly, my airpods are about 16 months old at this point.  There is dark dirt build-up in the seams, and Im unsure if that means that my airpods will come apart (currently its a cosmetic problem).  Cant easily clean this.  Will see if the airpods fail or not...if yes then Ill re-evaluate my review. Also, the only time I had trouble with these was the right airpod stopped charging.  It was dirt in the charger case.  The apple store folks cleaned everything and it worked after that.  Only thing was, I wanted to know exactly how they did the cleaning, because the airpods and case were cleaner than I was able to do myself.
It came with the original box and wrapping. They are original and perform as expected
These impressed me. I wasn’t expecting much, but they are pleasantly surprising. The sound is clear and crisp, with still having a decent amount of bass in them. The wireless feature makes them my go to for when I’m on the move. The fit for one, they actually fit. They stay in my ears, which has always been an issue for me. Battery life and charge are great too. The carry case/charger is nice once you pop on one of those silicone covers you can get from other sellers.
Really good product
I loved them for about two months and then randomly my right one become significantly quieter than my left and it really is bugging me. I would recommend if they wouldn’t break
Grade A
These Apple AirPods sound wonderful,with Apple it’s a no brainer ,get you some of these I Love em.
Loved it
Good
Good product recommend
Im a gym rat and a long time Android mobile device guy.  On a whim, I orderred these simply to try them out.  I was and am pleasantly surprised by these!  Long lasting battery life, more than adequate sound for my use at the gym or while running, feels like Im not wearing ANYTHING.  My only negative to these is lack of controls from the air pods themesleves; no volume control being the biggest glaring omission.  I bought the AirBattery App from the Google Play store that automttaically shows battery level for each airpod and the case.  The app also has automatic ear detection which will pause music when you remove an airpod from either ear.
Great buy!
So I can enjoy listening to music.
I still can’t believe they actually stay in my ear while I sleep or work out. That was a problem I always had with previous wireless headphones and expected with this design. If only the sound quality or noise reduction was better OMG. But I have a feeling future editions will figure it out, I hope.
Great Quality...nice features...find my Iphone Feature. 5 Stars.
Great sound, very clear and crisp, easy to set up.
I have a few different sets of wireless headphones, mostly because I was resisting both the cost and the ridiculous look of the AirPods.  However, when the price went down slightly, I bought a pair for someone else who (I found out later) already had a set.  Rather than returning them I decided to keep them for myself. Best decision I ever made.  I dont know how I ever lived without them.  Pairing is effortless (even to multiple items - and they dont have to be made by Apple), charging is super-fast (and they can be charged separately so you never have to be without).  Sound quality is great and, if you twist them in correctly, you dont have to worry about them falling out.  I love these and recommend them to any Apple  device user.
The case would not charge above 45% and even though they were paired to my cell phone prior to going to work, when I got to my desk they were paired to some other device, resembling full-coverage headphones... Minor issues with pairing and signal as well Sound quality is great! Comfort is decent. I would recommend good covers, like the EarBuddyz 2.0. (note: covers wont fit in case with lid closed) Double-tap to pause is a great feature! Screenshot taken using recommended app (by another reviewer) AirBattery. UPDATE - 08-16-2018 My charging case was holding less than 5% charge constantly. I would plug in the AirPods overnight but they will not have charge when I woke up. So, I drove quite a few miles, to the next city in order to have "The Geniuses" take a look at them. The Apple staff at the store confirmed that I was sent a defective charging case from Amazon. Additionally, the tech was saying that I had had this item for over a year, because that was the date on them, I suppose when Amazon purchased them. I explained to the tech that I had not had them for a year, and pulled up the Amazon purchase order for him to see. He viewed it and immediately understood, and began to look into the issue of diagnosing and repair. Here is the log from the in-store support ticket. /// Problem Description/Diagnosis /// Issue: Customer states he will plug in the AirPods overnight but they will not have charge when he wakes up. Steps to Reproduce: Verified issue in store via visual mechanical inspection. Connected AirPods to known good cable and known good device. Difficulty charging AirPods and once unplugged charge indicator returned to less than 10% Cosmetic Condition: Free of dings, scratches, and gouges. Proposed Resolution: Replace charging case under warranty. So, am I happy with this purchase from Amazon?  No. Amazon have failed me by allowing a bad product to be sent. Am I happy with the product after it was repair/replaced? Definitely! Moral of the story?  Dont try to save a few bucks by buying expensive tech on amazon... Get it straight from the manufacturer if you want it to be guaranteed good. The gas I burned up going to another city for these repairs in the end ate up all the money I saved by buying from a third-party seller (Amazon). If it wasnt in-warranty, I would have had to pay 69.99 for a new charging case. Thanks for nothing Amazon.
Great product
Authentic Apple AirPods. Purchased as a gift and the recipient could not be happier. It has only been two months but they still work great! Sound quality is superb and they are a breeze to pair with your iPhone. These are a must have.
Perfecto
Absolutely love these! Super comfortable, holds a charge well. Simple to recharge. I use these mainly for listening to audio books on the go. So awesomely convenient. Highly recommend. Great gift for teens.
Best headphones for the iOS user — just because they last, they are integrated, easy to use, and I dropped one in water and dried it in rice and it still works. Great product.
When I got the Apple AirPods today. Pairing them was simple. All I had to do was hold them near the phone and It’s was easy.
Best headphones I have ever had. They charge will in the case that’s amazing and they stay in really well. My favorite for the gym
They work really great. Fit my ears good and Amazing to use throughout the whole day. They charge super fast. 15-20 mins from 0% to 100% charge instantly!
These are more than just Bluetooth earphones, and the diminutive size is not a gimmick. You have to own these for a while before you fully appreciate how indispensable they are. You start keeping them with you at all times. They become a sidekick for listening to podcasts while you’re grocery shopping. You discover that somehow they sound better than bigger and more expensive headphones. $150 is not expensive for these. I’d advise not thinking of it as paying for headphones — don’t compare them against other headphones with similar price tags. What you get when you buy these is a different lifestyle; a “before and after.” Similar to how iPhones are different than the phones that came before it, these become just part of your daily kit. When you take one of these out of your ear, what you’re listening to pauses. When you put it back in your ear, it starts playing again. When you double tap the right ear, Siri responds. When you double tap the left ear, this also pauses playback. When you put these in their case, they charge — and very quickly. The cases holds a lot of charge on its own, so you infrequently have to plug the case in. These are just features on paper, though. Everything works together to make this something you’ll enjoy more than conventional headphones, and in a different way. They become beyond criticism because they aren’t just music-listening devices. They become part of your life.
Daughter loves them.
I use them for phone calls, rather than music, and the sound quality is good for that purpose.  Two challenges cause me to lower the rating.  First, I use it for more than one iPhone, and Id love it if, when receiving a call, the phone its not currently paired with would immediately allow me to switch them over.  Second, the case doesnt stay open when you put it down, so it takes two hands to get the earbuds out.  If youre holding the phone you just answered, theres no way to keep talking and put them in to switch over without putting the phone down. EDIT - Ive discovered that its actually pretty easy to get them out with one hand by pushing back on each airpod in the case. Kudos, Apple.  That being said, my bigger issue was the phone switching, so Im keeping the review at 4 stars.
I bought these refurbished to save a little money and am over all pleased with the product. They are like new condition and work great! However I gave this product 4 stars because before I put these in my ear, I noticed there was someone else’s ear wax still in the AirPods. (hence refurbished) Easily cleaned out with a toothpick but nonetheless still grossed me out a little.
These earphones are the best thing ever. Goodbye wires and tangelled items. Since I use these wireless earphones it hard to go back to the wired ones.
Well worth their price. Ive bought other wireless earbuds before and had problems, they were too big for my ears, fell out right away and I had a horrible time pairing them. My advice is dont bother with the imitations, just buy these.
Gift for my son
I wanted to put these through the paces before I wrote a review.  Admittedly I am an Apple fan and have been since 2001.  That said I purchased these after using wired bose earphones for years.  I was skeptical because I have never had success with bluetooth earphones.  I am on the phone all day for work so I needed something reliable, hence my using the wired for so long. The AirPods are fantastic.  People tell me that I am more clear than I have ever been which tells me that these are even better than the wired bose.  I was specifically concerned about them staying in my ears. . . . after working out with them (I road bike about 20 mi a day and do HIIT workouts) I have found that they are very secure and very comfortable.  I was having a small problem with sweat causing the left Pod to slip but nothing so bad that I felt I would lose it or that it would fall out. I use these both with my Watch 3 cellular and my iPhone X.  I loved them so much that I got a pair for my wife who also loves them. I use one ear bud at a time when talking on the phone.  That way if one loses power, I can grab the other one and stick the dead one in the battery pack to recharge.  The recharge quickly.
Awesome is all I have to say
Im a convert for these ear buds, after adding the silicone sports tips for security of fit.
best pair of headphones i ever had
When I purchased the Sony WF1000X I had high hopes for style, sound and features. I only received one, style. I give them a chance but exchanged them for AirPods and i’ll Not look back. Not the greatest with sound but up to the challenge. Great for calling, small case, 5 hours and charging case. I love my jam transit, sol republic amps air but I’ll use AirPods the most.
Great! AAA+
I purchased new. These are by far the best earbuds Ive found. Sound is clear and range is great. Battery life is about 5 hours of music, but less when using mic. Charges up very quickly (within 10 min you can gain a 50% charge). Case is convenient. Apple really did hit a home run with these. The only issue is that if you have oily skin, they can fall out when exercising. They havent so far, but you can purchase some silicone covers that keep them in your ear (really well!). My product of choice is "EarBuddyz 2.0 Apple Airpods and EarPods Covers...". I used to think that these look a little strange (like q tips sticking in your ears), but the design is actually well done when you consider the operation and how they handle. I dont write many positive reviews, but this is one Im please to write based on my experience!
After two month of trying... Does it starts playing every time - no, but it will do the job 9 times from 10 and no interruptions. I do not use Siri for music stop/play/pause, there is a setting I like it - stop-n-play by tapping twice - super. I use them very day, I mean every day for 2-3-4 hrs... every day - no exceptions. Does they have enough juice for one day - yes, never run out of energy. I charge them once a day after work... Getting dirty - dusty. Look weird and sometime people make some comments... usually nice comments or asking questions - how good they are...? For now best choice for me and I still like them! Apple very good job!
Love them!
Excelente!
These are amazing, awesome headset, great headphones, easy to connect.
I paid way too much for these at scalped prices because I was too impatient to wait a month for them, but even then theyre worth it. I dont even have iOS 10 on any of my devices, but connecting them to any device is as simple as pressing "connect" once in the Bluetooth menu and "disconnect" whenever I want to pair them with something else—no annoying Bluetooth headaches here, they work like every Bluetooth device ever should work. Range is impressive and I still get a perfect signal nearly 30 feet away. Speaking as someone who owns $1,000 headphones: no, theyre not IEMs, but the sound signature is delightfully musical, not at all fatiguing, and I cant really find fault with any particular aspect of it; theyre probably very nearly as good as you could get from open-air earphones (and personally, I dislike earphones that form a seal anyway, especially when it comes to phonecalls). Ive seen some professional reviewers say theyre identical in sound to the EarPods but thats definitely not true, the mids are substantially better and the bass is noticeably tighter. Battery life is essentially equal to the five hours that are claimed, and its absolutely true that a mere 15 minutes in the little case charges them up most of the way. Im one of the lucky ones—these things could not fit my ears more perfectly and no matter how violently I shake my head about they stay put, Im not afraid of losing them. Yes, they look weird, but I could hardly care less, its not like Im wearing them on a date. For phone calls they shine: everyone I talk to says I sound great, and apparently moving the microphones closer to my mouth actually makes them sound worse, which means theyve been carefully designed to function at their best in the position in which they naturally reside. An added bonus: as a neurotic person Im always concerned about exposing myself to radiation unnecessarily. These emit so little microwave radiation that they dont even register on my EMF meter—and I suppose theyd have to be pretty damned low-power to operate for five hours with such tiny, tiny batteries. In short, these are to wireless earphones what the iPhone was to smartphones. Like any good piece of tech, they disappear: when Im walking around the city listening to an audiobook, Im not hearing a cable rubbing on my clothing, nor feeling earbuds tugging at my ears as the cable sways back and forth; I just experience information being fed directly into my brain and completely forget that Im wearing anything at all. Now if only Siri were any good, then I could feel like Im living in the movie Her.
AMAZING!!! Charge quickly, fit perfect! The best
Very convenient
Just buy em
Very good product
What can I say it’s an Apple product.
These headphones make listening to my music on my iPhone and watching movies on my iPad  much more enjoyable. I no longer have to worry about pulling my device off the counter, out of my pocket, etc. the sound is fantastic!
Never fell out, amazing sound quality. Must have.
Exactly what I was expecting.  Been waiting to get some of these but when they first came out, prices seemed too high.  Gave in an ordered a set and not sure why I waited this long!
I have currently owned these products for a week now, and I can say that first off they are genuine Apple AirPods, so if you were uncomfortable with buying them on Amazon do not be dissuaded because they are a legit Apple product. UPSIDE: I love almost everything about them, easily connect to my iPhone as soon as removed from charging case, and I can use them around my apartment (leaving phone in room) without them disconnecting which is a big plus. Sound quality is high quality considering they are such small earpieces. Sounds even better than the wired ones in my opinion. Easy to drown out any noise if you turn them up loud enough (I go about 3/4 volume if that). The battery life is fantastic, and recharge time is quick as well, so no issues with battery for me. I often find myself using one earpiece and listening to music while doing other activities around the apartment, and I can still hear anything going on or someone talking to me. Speaking of talking, I have taken multiple phone calls while wearing these and there are no issues on either end. Mic seems to work perfectly. The ability to customize how the "double-tap" feature works is nice.. I have it set to my left earpiece is pause/play and my right is next song, when wearing one piece you can only access that one pieces ability though. DOWNSIDE: I have worn these while riding my bike through campus and I can say that they fit perfectly in my ear just like the wired apple EarPods. However, I am always cautious with my headphones and water/sweat, so I wouldnt recommend wearing these in extreme workout conditions, the rain, or if you sweat from your head/hair easily during workouts. Next I will state that these are a luxury item to own, and are also small, which unfortunately means they are an easy target for theft. The knock on them is that they are easily lost (I have misplaced them a few times around my room), and I can see how someone could easily swipe them, so you have to keep up with them. I have also dropped one while removing it from the case and luckily it dropped on a pile of clothes rather than a hard floor, but I would definitely recommend being carful when handling them.
Work out
Very good Product!!!!
Good quality.  Worth the money.
Another quality product from Apple.  I use it mainly for iPad but also for Apple TV.  So easy to use and comfortable to wear.
Great sound, excellent confort and very practical. I love the AirPods of the first second.
Very cool! I love wireless and the pause function!
I’m a man who loves his music, and these just sound great!
Best ear peice ever!
Theres really no comparison to other wireless ear buds Ive purchased. The sound quality is amazing, both for listening to music and podcasts as well as for talking on the phone. The pods are light as feathers and fit so comfortably in my ears. They never fall out, even during a rigorous work-out. The only drawback is that they are so easy to lose. You must keep the charging case with you at all times and leave the pods in there when youre not using them. I strongly recommend buying a silicone cover for the case with a clip that attaches to your belt loop. It may look dorky, but itll save you the heartache of losing these expensive pods.
They are genuine apple products and have a 1 year warranty I do not want anyone to think these are bad, they are GREAT.. just need a replacement. As an engineer I am very aware products are not fail safe and they tend to have issues for some devices. I am Extremely satisfied with the way they work, sure I would love to have the new and improve buds.
Great if you want a handsfree pair of headphones! I’ve had mine for almost 2 months now and I use them daily, mostly just for music and or just playing streams and watlking away from my phone and having the noise in my ears is really nice. Aswell as just having them in my ear and when I get calls answering is a breeze with them too! Highly recommend!
One of the ear buds quit working so I had to contact Apple. I also don’t like that you can’t skip songs from the ear buds themselves, but have to do it on your phone. Not having wires to deal with is great.
Great product I love them That works fantastic with my new iPhone
A gift for my son. He loves them
Super amazing, I love how portable these are. They hold a great charge. Super convenient and my go to earbuds now. They stay in your ears perfectly and if you accidentally bump them out, the music pauses until you can put them back in.
Are these cool or what.  Bought them for my wife and successfully weaned her off her iPod to her iPhone for music.  Love the little charging storage case.  Most elegant design
GET IT
perfect
Fit into your ear great sound good and are just plain cool, Look ma no wires! I have them connected to my Android S9 phone, they still have many cool features, not as many as with an Apple phone but still very nice. for some reason I do have an issue with my right ear where these fall out, I am a mutant I guess so I bought the "ear buddiez" and walla walla no issues.
Love the best thing I have ever got from you!
best bt hp i ever had
I have been using my Apple AirPods for a couple of months now, and I can safely say they are THE BEST headphones I have EVER EVER HAD. I had real concerns about keeping them in my ears -- I started wearing wireless headphones at the gym and I sweat a LOT, and bounce around even MORE -- but this is a total NON issue. Theyre so light I have forgotten theyre even in my ears, and the sound is really spectacular without cutting out the world. Set aside your doubts and get these; theyre amazing.
very handy headphone. easy to use and never drop.
I love these!
Best gift ever for a 16 year old!  She love them and best of all can do the dishes and other chores without getting wires wet or phone falling into sink!  :)
my son lives with these on but can still hear me when i ask him something.  entertainment for him but not disruptive to me
I have had mine for a week and I love them! They fit better than my old wireless Beats and they sound better! As long as I don’t lose them, I’ll be a happy customer!
All good
Overall 9/10. These are perfect for casual use. Good battery life, quick charge, and good sound. However for heavy runs at a 8min per mile pace, I found the left earbud would start falling out with sweat. Im going to try and find a rubber tip cover that might fix this. I wish apple would have intigated a design with rubber tips, rather than the hard plastic. However its not bad at all, just a nit pick. And for 160 Im happy and will be keeping these.
I have nothing bad to say about my AirPods, except that I’m irritated with myself for waiting so long to purchase them...  I’ve been a Bose snob for years and utterly regret that now.. If you like the feel of the wired models, and want to have the wireless option (with maybe 15-20% increase in sound quality), look no further.. They give me about 4 hours of listening on a single charge, but since it takes literally 15 minutes of putting them back in the case to get 4 more hours of listening, that makes them all the MORE impressive...  The case holds enough power to charge them roughly 7-8 times too, so I can even forget to charge the case one night and still be good the following day (& I listen to a LOT of audiobooks / podcasts)... Phone call quality is top notch as well...  Just like using the wired ones as far as call quality (on both ends of the call).. This is my #1 purchase of the year..  Apple hit a home run on these, no question...
Great compared to competitors devices (weve tried a few). Only issues are: the microphone doesnt work as well as the classic wired version; and the connection sometimes cuts out during phone calls if the phone is in your pants/leggings pockets.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Wife loves them, Im not an Apple user but was thinking about getting another pair for myself and using them with my android phone.  Really like the charging design with the cartridge holder being a charging batter of its own, very cool and smart design.
He probado muchos. Estos son los mejores por lejos.
This charges quickly and works perfectly. So far no complaints. The charging case charged the AirPods quickly too. Less then 30 minutes for it to get fully charged.
AMAZING
If you’re looking for noise canceling earbuds these are not for you, BUT I will say these were definitely worth every penny to me. They have beautiful sound and the base is amazing. They’re super easy to pair especially if you use Apple devices. Once you set it uo you the pods automatically connect to your phone when the case is opened and in range. The case charges very fast and I only have to recharge it a few times a week to charge the pods. Great purchase if you don’t mind the price. 
Excellent
Enjoying these with my iPhone. Seem like standard Apple quality with a heavy emphasis on aesthetics.
Zero regrets. Sad I waited so long, honestly
Apple airpods is the best. The sound quality is amazing it is trully magical i recomend this airpods to anybody that has no head phone jack
Omg love it
Love these they are really apple and come in an apple box and everything.
PERFECT ITEM. YOULL NEVER REGRET
Perfect. Love the sound quality
For such a high price I was hesitant to buy these. My main use for them is watching tv on my phone but after about a month of use I can’t see my self using wired headphones ever again. I’ve dropped them multiple times, still functioning great. I was also worried that there might be a sound delay and since again most of what I use them for is tv it’s more important that there’s no depay then if I were listening to music. Thankfully there is not delay and if there is, its too small to see with the naked eye. Great product, 100% worth the large cost, would buy these again
good
I love my AirPods very much! They tend to get a bit dirty inside the lid of the case but it’s easy to clean with an alcohol wipe. The sound quality is decent, nothing in comparison to some nice over the earphones, but still good for Bluetooth earbuds. Overall the build quality and sound quality made me very happy and the set up is super easy.
It’s really good quality
The best purchase I have done! Thank you
Son uses these all the time
Good
I simply loves them! Great sound, quality, awesome battery life! Convient and no cord to worry about!
Awesome airpods last 3 days and does not fall out just the right size
It is great
Best wireless earphones ever! Excellent sound quality, great battery life, compact charger.
Great product, just wish apple would intergrate volume controls on the airbuds itself vs having to use Siri.
Great product. I use it everyday
Could be louder
thx
These were a gift for my husband and he loves them.  He loves the sound and that he can wear them in situations where his old buds got tangled and these dont.  Me, Im a little jealous overtime my ear buds yank me back to the computer while Im working  . . .
Very convenient for music and phone
I bought these mostly to use at work. It detects when it is in my ear so if someone approaches I just take one out and it automatically stops the music, then when I put it back in, it starts back right where I left off. Also these are not noise cancelling so it may not be the best for the plane but I need to be able to hear when the phone rings so it works great for office use.
Terrific product and transaction
Gift for my daughter. She loves them!
My only complaint is that there is no volume control on the headphones themselves, so I have to reach for my phone to adjust. Not a huge deal but a little annoying.
I gotta say they are way cooler and have better functionality than I ever expected. I’m a total fan
Came as  advertised with all accessories and a genuine apple  product. Even arrived five days earlier than expected.
AirPods syncing like a dream. They stay in your ears surprisingly well even when running in hot humid weather. Sound quality is good. But you have to keep charging the every 4-5 hours when listening to music or podcasts which can be annoying when working 12ish hours. The charging box is awesome until you accidentally leave it (plugged in at work say) or somehow become separated it  -there is no other way to charge them. At all.
Excelente
Like them more than I thought I would
I love my birthday gift.  Very good quality and has a very clear crisp sounds when playing the music or having a conversation.  Would recommend!!
They sound great and they work automatically with zero setup.
I didnt want to like these. I mean really, do we need another Apple product? However these work very well. I use them to take calls, listen to music, on my personal computer. Another odd trick is that when Im on business travel, I pop one or two in so I can hear siris walking directions when Im in an unfamiliar city. My hair hides them and it certainly helps avoid me looking like a lost female. They actually do stay in my ears. I bought a strap  for them as well but Im not using it as much because Ive noticed these really do stay in. These work incredibly well. I use them so I can hear navigation directions on a confusing highway system. It is nice that it blocks out distractions like kids and spouse babbling away while Im trying to remain focused on the road. The noise canceling feature is extremely helpful. In the past, I would have Siri through the speakerphone part and my family would talk right over the directions, which was so frustrating. Now I can get where Im going and hear the directions. In your settings on your phone, you can program a double tap for each one. So maybe right ear is play pause toggle and the left ear is go to next song. You can also pair these with a non apple product.
By far the most wearable headphones I have had in a long time. The fact fhat airpods can be charged on their own box is amazing. I love them
Awesome Apple AirPods. Very comfortable and great sound. These came from Amazon. Beware of third party sellers. Read all the reviews.
These are awesome! The one thing I wish would be if they came with different shapeable tips somehow.
Great product! Great package and Great service! Thanks a lot to Amazon.com!!!!
Perfect love these they are brand new. Use the constantly. Omg I live the controls of how the AirPods work.
Great product, fast delivery
Very happy with these AirPods . Sits very good in your ears and superb hearing quality. Easy to use.
Gets here faster directly buying from Amazon versus buying directly from Apple.
For those worried about receiving knockoffs, I received authentic AirPods. I ordered new, directly from Amazon. I was able to authenticate them by checking the serial number through Apple’s online warranty check. By verifying the purchase date and entering the serial number, I was granted a full year warranty. All in all, they work great and I’m very pleased. Hope this helps!
These are well with the money. Being completely wireless makes a big difference. These came new and are authentic Apple Airpods.
Fire!!!!’
Im absolutely loving the airpods. Setup was increidbly easy. Just open up the cartridge and theyre ready to go. The carrying case/charger was an excellent design choice by Apple. I plan on using these at the gym so hopefully they hold up. Overall, a damn fine product.
So far it’s pretty good. It’s the official Apple EarPods. The bass is pretty good on these and the only criticism I have is that the case is a bit flimsy. The product itself is great though.
Theyre amazing! Super intuitive, whenever you take an airpod out of your ear to talk to someone in real time it pauses whatever youre listening to until its placed back into your ear. Soooooo bomb.
Amazing and that’s coming from someone that loves Bose headphones
After trying and researching most other Bluetooth headphones out there I decided to pull the trigger and get a pair.  Also the owner of Jaybird X2, which are good.  Not sure what all the complaints are about price when $130 to $300 is the standard range for premium Bluetooth headsets.  I actually think Apple did a fair job pricing these as youre spending less than $200 out the door. Fantastic connectivity.  They work great with my iOS and Android phones and tablets and Mac and PC computers.  No issues.  Wearing it in the car?  When you turn the car off audio switches from stereo to headset, perfect.  Call quality is amazing, barely have to talk to be heard clearly, have had absolutely zero complaints from other parties about call quality when wearing them and can say the same about calls Ive taken from others wearing them. Audio quality is VERY GOOD.  All the haters can continue to hate but these are as good as my X2s easy, and theyre not even in-ear phones.  Sure theyre not Beyerdynamics or Grados but cmon, you cant complain at all when you take into account their simplicity, lack of cords and overall convenience factor.  Ill reiterate it again for those of you on the fence: no these are not a pair of over ear headphones, they dont have active nose cancellation and they dont provide the noise cancellation that a passive pair of over-ears cans provide, so please just drop it.  They can however be worn all day with no discomfort, something that I cant say about in-ear headphones, or over-ears for that matter, unless it comes to something like some Beyerdynamic DTs, what with their lovely velvety cushions and whatnot. .  Ive yet to find a pair of in-ears that dont make my ear canal sore after an extended period of time and these tackle this feat with no issue.  Comfortably worn them all day at work with no complaints. Cons would be limited to the inability to control them without Siri.  This would be the advantage that BT earphones with a connecting cable have over these, the ability to easily skip tracks and adjust volume.  Siri can be useful for calling and texting however if you dont want to pull out the phone, and the accuracy has been pretty good in my experience so far. Overall 5 out of 5.  Simple, easy to use, easy to wear for long periods of time and all packaged very nicely.  Im not a FANBOY by any means, currently have a 7+ but also an Android and the 7+ is my first iPhone since the 3G.  Just very impressed with the overall quality of these headphones and felt strongly enough to take the time to write this.  You shouldnt be disappointed.
I have to say I use mine for calls mostly, but they have been great. Awesome battery life and clarity. I have used many music style headphones for calls and these are the most convienent and comfortable. They have solid sound for music as well. They are not beats sound wise, but very clear and enough lows to keep me happy. Great purchase.
I like AirPods much better than I thought I would. I typically use $300+ wireless noise cancelling headphones (full around-ear style), but figured Id give the AirPods a shot for something lighter and subtler. They sound very good for this form factor, and it feels almost like having nothing in your ears. Pairing and the auto-play/auto-pause features, when used with iOS devices, are nice touches. Docking a star because theres still a lot of room for innovation in this form factor. Sound can still be better, and theres no noise cancelling. Still, now that you can find them in stores, AirPods are worth a look.
Perfect in every way
Really love these ... they make moving between my mac and iphone really painless, and they recharge very quickly in the case that comes with them.
excellent product with the unknown advantage of being water proof. survived a wash cycle in a washing machine and are still working perfectly
Better than any other earphones
I’ve been using my AirPods now for a few months and absolutely love them.  I travel a lot so they’re great to have on the plane.  I also wear them when I walk for exercise  and people tell me the sound of my voice is very clear when I use them
Perfecto
Great headphones.  Pairs very easily.  Love it. Use it every
Great product, received promptly!
I love them
Apple is a guarantee always
I’ve had these for over a month now and I’m extremely happy with the headphones. My first “nice” pair of Bluetooth headphones and they have lived up to the hype for sure. Great sound quality, super convenient, and the easy pairing/pausing with iPhone is amazing. The battery life on the buds themselves leaves a bit to be desired (about 4.5 hrs), but they recharge really fast when in the charging pod. At work I’ll typically pop the pods in the charger while in a meeting or something and they’ll end up lasting the whole day.
My only complaint is that if you are not careful these are gonna lost.  For the price of these Apple earbuds you could buy a pair of beats that are larger and not as easily lost.  These sound great and battery life is good
Ok, they well work for calls and seamlessly transition between devices.  But the best feature is that they are the first earphones that I have owned that allow me to actually hear the audio of a movie from my iPad while riding on an airplane.  These are better than my expensive Bose Noise Reduction Headphones, at a fraction of the price. They work so well that if I am listening to music or a movie, they almost block out the babble from too chatty pilots. The only negative is that I only get 3-hours of talk time
After using two other types of Bluetooth earphones these are the best.
Love it!!
Absolutely love it. Battery life is good. Perfect for the gym. Not getting strangled be the previous wired headphones anymore!! They stay in the ears for the most part unless you’re super sweaty then you may want to wipe them off. Great sound quality. Awesome to take calls on them too!!
Convenience cannot be beat with this apple product.  It syncs seamlessly to your iphone as others described.  The battery life is pretty good.  I wish it had volume control.  This will vary from person-to-person but if I am sweating a lot during exercise, these will get a little moist and possibly fall out.  It works for me because I typically work out in the gym (with access to towels, wipes) - but perhaps it may be burdensome if going for a run outside.
I absolutely LOVE my AirPods. I bought them when the new Georgia Hands Free Law came out and they have been awesome for hands-free driving. They have phenomenal sound quality and stay in my ears without any earpiece add-ons. I use them all the time for music when Im cleaning house, watching movies at night when I dont want to disturb my significant other, and they stay in my ears for tunes while Im running. Theyre sleek and stylish, too. I HIGHLY recommend them! Theyre worth the price!
I love my Airpods! I really like how they automatically stop playing when you take one out of your ear. They are great for walking around the city or walking you dog!
These are AMAZING! If you’re even thinking about buying these, get them! Don’t even hesitate! I’m not an audiofile so I don’t really care too much about the sound quality, but to me they sound pretty good. The best parts are they are truly wireless and they are great battery wise. A good rule of thumb is if the regular earbuds they give you in the Apple package fit your ears, then these will fit you great. Best purchase yet! Edit: They are very durable! I had accidentally dropped my AirPods in the grass one day since I had my hands full. In the midst of me setting down the items in my hand I found my AirPods. Turns out that I had left them right next to a car. When it backed up it RAN OVER my AirPods!! To my surprise they were completely fine (except for one scratch, not too noticeable)!!
Love not having to hold a phone or use ones with wires. Totally worth the spend!
Well worth the extra bucks compared to similar ear buds by other vendors
Let me start off by saying that I am an Android guy. Always have been. I bought these because i liked the concept of no wires. I will always be an Android guy but these earphones are great. I always have problems with earphones staying in my ears. Surprisingly these stay in my ears. I bought the ear covers but got annoyed that I had to take them off every time I put them in case. The sound quality is great also. Had to do a little adjustments to my phone to get the audio to adjust.  Initially audio was very low. Googled how to fix it and I am in love with these things. I have many high end headphones and now I only use these.  Good job Apple.
This is my second pair of Airpods. Theyre just amazing. Product was a genuine Apple product, and as amazing as the first pair.
Great price. Arrived on time. Awesome product
Incredible product. Cons: Gets lost easily Pros: Incredible quality, holds tight in your ear and the battery lasts for a very long time. A must buy!
I ordered these because I was sick of not being able to charge my phone while listening to music, and tired of using a dongle for my “real” headphones. I wasn’t expecting anything spectacular in terms of sound quality, and I was concerned that the AirPods wouldn’t stay in my ears, but I was wrong. These are fantastic! They fit my ears perfectly and don’t fall out, and the sound quality is great for what they are. I highly recommend these for all iPhone /iPad users!
I was soooo skeptical on ordering these since I ordered some cheap crappy ones from here that wasnt even worth the $29.00 I paid for them.  I had $200 in gift cards so I ordered these and Im very happy thus far.  Prior to opening the seal I checked the serial number and it checked out as valid and that a warranty was still in effect.  I did my own unboxing video and compared it to others online and Im pretty sure these are the real deal.  Once I took them out of the package and open them they immediately registered on my phone and I must say the sound is amazing.  Great Purchase, Happy Happy Customer...
Took too long to arrive. Legitimate Apple Airpods
I was worried about these being real because of some of the reviews. The product is real (from apple) and everything works as expected.
My son loves these.  Must be comfortable as he wears them for hours.  Put them in my ears and the sound is good.
I love my new apple airpods they are amazing I am so happy I have a pair to enjoy my music to enjoy even better.
Ive always thought these looked stupid and hell, I still think they look stupid. After starting a new job where wired headphones became a pain, I decided to give these a whirl and tried a friends out for a day. I ordered these an hour later. The battery is top notch, the sound quality is so much better than the EarPods and the ease of controlling these things makes it Apple. I use them every day for ~6 hours and theyre something I wouldnt bat an eye at buying again . . . even if my bank account would rather me not. Worth the money.
too small to keep safe.
wife loves them
I lost my airpods two days ago and i found them washed with the laundry surprisingly it still works like it’s new!
These Airpods are the most compatible easily linked and a great quality that you would have with kinda little headphones size wise! I got them for my birthday, it made it more lovely ;)
Apple wireless Earbuds are not only the latest of their great technology but I wanted to share how sturdy and how exceptional the quality is. I had my earbuds on while driving. I stopped to throw something in garbage and didn’t notice I dropped it. Went back to find that I had rolled over it with my car. Ear piece was bent but not broken. I know in order for it to work you have to have both buds. Surprising after bending back in place they still connected inside charger and still were operable . I’m amazed and extremely happy. “I love Apple products”
Amazing!
Got the BOSE wireless ear buds.I love Bose speakers but the buds  were awful. Then I got the Apple EarPods & WOW they are GREAT!
Good product
I absolutely love these headphones! They really are the best thing to happen to headphones! They need the gestures from the Pixelbuds but other than that PERFECT!
Very satisfied. Fast delivery. My husband loves these ear buds
Daughters gift, guess she liked them, honestly never said. Should have for the cost!! Everyone else says their wonderful
Love it, i am really happy with this purchase.
Perfect I am glad I bought them
So I usually am sporting an Android phone and only occasionally use iPhones. I also have MacBooks, iMacs and iPads...but for phone I’ve always preferred Android. So I purchased these for my Samsung S9+ phone and was pleasantly surprised that just about every stock feature works on Android with the help of a apps. The “AirBattery” app on the Google Play store not only allows for battery life to be shown, but also even allows for playback to pause when you remove one earbud...just like it does natively on an iPhone. The developer of “AirBattery” states this is an expiremental feature and only works on a few apps like Spotify and Netflix...but I found that it worked with every single app I tried. YouTube, Google Music, Audible, Pocket Casts...the pause on removal of one earpiece worked flawlessly on all of these. Reinsert the earpiece and playback resumes. Very straightforward pairing process. Syncing via Bluetooth the first time is incredibly easy. You just open the lid and press the sync button for a second and then search for the Bluetooth device on your phone. Then when you flip open the lid of the case...the Bluetooth is already starting to connect so by the time you put the earbuds in your ears...it’s already connected to Bluetooth and ready to go. Just a super intuitive and easy experience. Double tapping either earpiece pauses/resumes playback. There are also apps that launch the google assistant on double tap but I haven’t tried them as I prefer to have double tap to pause rather than double tap for google assistant. My phone already works with google assistant just by me speaking out loud so I figured I don’t really need the feature but I’ll probably check it out soon anyway. I think with the help of “AirBattery” these headphones are probably one of the best pairs you can buy for Android as well. I particularly can’t stand earbuds that go inside of the ear canal which seems to be the default these days. So these work great for me.
These are the best earphones wireless Bluetooth earbuds that I have ever tried I own a Samsung not an Apple they work fantastic .
Apple AirPods were originally released a year ago. I was very skeptical of these little devices. I thought there was a perfectly good pair of ear buds released with the new phones (or available for purchase separately) that it wasnt a justifiable cost at $159. Furthermore there were a few other option available that might be comparative but a little cheaper. I decided to purchase these on a whim. They werent even on my radar for must buy tech. But Ive purchased so many wired headphones over the last year that didnt last long. Most of these headphones stopped working because the wire became damaged. I happened to be in Target and saw a pair in their APPLE display. I had honestly never seen these in stores anywhere. I found an employee, who was very enthusiastic to tell me how excited he was that their store had gotten them in. He said that he had personally just purchased a pair that day. He had actually purchased a pair from APPLE directly, but they had been on backorder. And when they got them in his store he got them immediately. So I but the bullet and bought them. I debated all day long on whether I should keep them or return them, and didnt open the box. Finally, I decided why not. And I LOVE them! They are amazing! The animation on my phone is so pleasing. They are comfortable to wear! And it is so nice to not have to deal with pesky cords. I love the case (looks like a floss container, but the opening and closing of it is satisfying). I really love how the AirPods magnetize to the case! I used them while cleaning the house and going for a run. They were amazing! It was so nice being able to listen to music and catch up on my YouTube videos while cleaning and not having to think about wires or my phone. These are amazing! I wish that they were a little cheaper. I would have been much happier at a $120 price point. I would also love for there to be color options. But these are amazing!
Great earphones. I am a 12th grader in high school and I got these to use these low-key in class. It works super well, as there are no cables. I also have a pair of Beats X. Unlike the beats, this item doesn’t have wires on your neck, this is why it is so great. The sound is very balanced. I can hear the highs and lows of the songs that I listen to (Rap, Dance, POP). Compared to the regular earphones from Apple, I think these are more clearer. The casing of the item is one of the highlights of AirPods. The magnetic opening and closing is just so fidgety. I love the snap when closing the case. The battery life so far has been very good, the AirPods last around 4-5 hours. Charging is very easy, you just put the AirPods inside the case. You get 2 hours of listening time with 15 min of charge. The only setback to the AirPods is the fact that when the battery goes out, I have to stop listening and put it in my case to charge. Another setback is that it might not fit everyone’s ears. My sister for instance, has smaller ears, as a result, they keep falling out for her (normal apple earphones don’t fit her either). Also, because it’s plastic and not silicon like in ear earphones, they can be a bit uncomfortable. Overall, I really love my purchase. Though a bit expensive for what they are, all the pros justify the negatives. Plus, you will look “SWAG” wherever you go.
They came as expected.
These are freaking amazing highly advice se them for ALL Apple users!!! Worth every dollar. Very comfortable and the battery life is most impressive.
Initially I was really debating purchasing this because of how WIRELESS they really are. I have an iPhone 7 Plus and upon taking the airpod case out of the packaging and just opening the cover, the airpods showed up on my phone and were paired in an instant. which was astounding. after trying them out for a while, here are what I love about them, 1. THEY DONT FALL OUT THAT EASY. - I went for a jog, and they did not budge. they were in my ears the entire time and I didn’t even notice them. 2. the case is quick charging and gets the airpods back up and running. 3. DISLIKE that you can only double tap and program it either to Siri, or to play/pause. I wish it had the single double triple tap function that the earpods did. 4. they hold a good charge. I was able to use mine for about 5-6 hours straight without needing to charge them at medium volume with my phone a few feet away. 5. you can single them out. - typically at work I’ll have an earbud in and the other ear open. these work the same way. you don’t need to have both in your ears. and what’s great is your phone tells you L and R battery life along with the case battery.
All OK with the return and cash back. Thank you very much.!
Amazing!! They sound Great!!!!
Perfect.
I love everything about this product. I thought they might not stay in my ears because I have trouble with the wired earbuds, but these are so perfectly weighted that they stay in.  I have not done a heavy duty work out in them though. Sound quality is amazing even when you are making a call. No one knows if Im using the buds or holding the cell phone. I also like the  ease of charging the buds and the case they come in. It would be hard for me to go back to using anything else after having these.
Perfect gift!  Came right on time and exactly what I wanted!
Sounds great, way better than i thought and very happy with purchase
these headphones are just bluetooth wireless speakers and do little more.  you have to raise and lower volume and change songs thru your phone.  the wireless range is terrible and once disconnected, they are a pain to reconnect.  only reason i give a high rating is how easily they sync together compared to china copies and also the battery time is good.  sound quality is average at best.
Very nice
I bought these as a gift and they work as expected.
Bluetooth works exceptionally well even in Best Buy where my plantronics legend has a lot of interference. Poor battery life even on standby.
Really good quality...not what I expected from used AirPods but I really like them!
A perfect average is when a product does all it is supposed to do without any unexpected compromises and offers nothing more. Like the sound quality is not perfect but apple never claimed audiophile level audio. This is an incredibly well made apple product (as much as I hate the brand overall for a variety of reasons). The sound quality is good, not great. But the usability and versatility was beyond my expectations. Super fast charging with reasonable standby and call times. Also! the headset connectivity is mind blowing. I can listen to my music behind 3 plaster walls!! It will also connect automatically when you switch from iPhone to MBP. I am very happy with my purchase!
Great product
Perfect, Original, and are Brand New. Came super clean.
Easy to use, link with apple products automatic, long battery life, good price
Just luxury ... They work well with other apple product
They are amazing. Extremely useful, the sound is good, ease of use is great. The only downside is Bluetooth emfs blazing through my head.
I was hesitant to purchase them because Apple doesnt have a reputation for sound quality. But damn was I wrong! After using 20-30$ bluetooth headphones for my gym and running they would break at the 3-4 month mark. Which made me look into these ones. I’ve had these for a month now and work very good. Sound quality is very good. Battery life you will never have a problem unless you workout for 4+ hours at once. They don’t fall or move after running/jumping and even doing calisthenics. Very good quality and for 150$ I would buy them again and again. I will update this review in a few months again.
We have tried four different types not wanting to spend the amount apple is wanting and have returned all four different brands.  No comparison on the ease of use and quality of sound for iphone user.  Now all three in the house hold have their own set of apple air pods.
I do like them and their reliability in pairing immediately and the sound quality however my ears became worn after 2 hours of wear. Now it is not my norm to wear them that long. But while doing housework wanted to see how they fit and felt. After the first hour only one ear seemed to unseat a bit but never fell out. Just enough for me to notice the sound wasn’t as loud so I’d readjust it.
I tried the generic and the batteries died in 40 minutes. I spend 3-6 hours a day listening to podcasts and books online while I work. These last for hours and the sound quality is excellent! I can actually talk to customers on these and sound professional!
Im not an iPhone user, and initially assumed it only worked for the iOS/macOS ecosystem, but I was wrong. It works as a regular Bluetooth headset for Android too! I have baby ears, and historically have not enjoyed ear buds in my ears for long periods at a time, or theyd have difficulty staying in. I was doubtful at first, but these have been amazingly comfortable in my ears for long stretches at a time. With no cord tugging on it, they stay in. You can set up double tap to pause/play, or trigger next song if you set up using a Mac or iPhone. On Android, you can download a third party app called "AssistantTrigger" as a way to trigger Google Assistant. It can be kind of finicky if youre playing music and want to trigger Google Assistant. Battery life is amazing for something so small and compact. It recharges quickly. Pretty much never a concern for me.
Based on other reviews, I expected to like these very much.  I now love these very much.  They even work with my 2012 MBP!  Operation with iPhone is seemless, just pull them out of the case and they play a sound when they are connected and in your ears.  Usage with a Mac - you just select your Airpods from the audio icon on the top bar.  Afterwards, youll need to select them as an audio source on your iPhone to get them paired back, at which point theyll stay paired until you select them on another Apple device.  Use with an Apple Watch allows you to skip tracks and change the volume without having to get your phone out (especially helpful during walks/runs/exercise), so if youre on the fence about the watch, I recommend going for it even if its a used Series 1.  I have not tested them with Windows, Linux, or Android, though I may update with those soon (Im about a week in so far). Ive been using Bluetooth earphones for about a decade (first a pair of Motorolas (died from sweat corrosion), then Jaybird SB2s (RIP after at least 5 years of loyal service), then MiPow BTX500s that still work after 3 years though the cups have seen better days), and this is the best wireless earphone experience Ive had.  Ill still keep my older BTX500s since they have a wired connection, but these will be my primary listening devices - especially in summer. Pros: -Case is nice, airpods fit inside perfectly, lid snaps shut securely with a magnetic closure, looks like it will hold up well to use. -Sound is equivalent (to me) to wired earpods. -iPhone/Apple Watch show a different icon when answering a call with Airpods in operation. -Call audio is excellent, mic works surprisingly well. -Airpod charge times/operational duration as expected. -Battery widget on phone has case battery (under certain circumstances) in addition to Airpod battery. -When airpod battery is low and on a call, it will let you know individual Airpod battery strength. -Taking out right Airpod pauses music, and putting it back in resumes.  Taking both out pauses, but then you have to manually resume media audio.  Helpful for when you need to talk to people in public or at the office. Cons: -Should come with a tether and a shock-case (can get both in a ~$10 accessory set on Amazon). -While the case is nice, it looks like it wont take a good drop too well and its very glossy - would easily slid out of a pants pocket when sitting or out of a shirt pocket while tying shoes.  PLEASE GET A SILICON OR OTHER PROTECTIVE CASE, especially one that has a caribiner attachment. -Probably couldnt stand to have them in my ears for more than 3 hours, but as that is the operational duration, so its not a problem for me.  They weigh slightly more than the wired ones, which is why I imagine they feel slightly less comfortable. -The glossy finish would probably make it easier for the Airpods to slip out when sweaty.  PLEASE GET A TETHER.
I hesitated for a long time to buy these even though I have nothing but apple products. I didn’t see the value in the price. Finally, I bought them and honestly couldn’t be more satisfied. I did not expect such good sound quality - a lot better than the regular iPhone headphones. So convenient being able to pop one airpod in while the other charges and they are far more secure in my ear than I thought they’d be.
Love it
very good
AMAZING!!!!!
Great product.
Excellent sound quality (my other headgear is a Bose QC 35 so I’m comparing to high quality). Love the remove-one-earpiece-to-pause feature. Pods are very comfortable; I hardly feel them. And they don’t fall out the way regular apple earbuds do. Pricey but a nice luxury item if you can swing it.
Muy buenos earbuds
These are very good earbuds!Easy to set up and use.Last for a long time.Portable charge case is nice.Great sound with no cords.Most importantly , they will stay in when you are running!
Same deal as my iPhone X purchase. From the same seller, Euluck. Great seller, delivered in perfect condition, overseas, cause there arent any Apple Stores or re-sellers/retailers over here, I had to buy it from a third party seller from over here. And it was just a perfect experience! Happy with them. And just I said in my iPhone review, if you want an actual review of the product, go over to YT, thats a better place for such product. So Ill just leave you with some pics! You know what.. Ill actually briefly give my opinion on them.  * Battery life: Awesome! I dont use them 24/7, tho, I use them often, like at least 5 times a day, and minimum 20 minutes per use. And the whole thing (case with pods) last me like 5-6 days.  * Fit and comfort: I was obviously worried if theyd keep jumping out of my ears during activity or just running or any kind of movement, and I actually discovered something about them only when I started using them. They turned out to fit and stay even better than the regular Earpods, cause keep in mind, the latter have a cable thats very likely to pulled around by your arms or just by rubbing on your shirt or something like that. And honestly, from my six years of using the Earpods, and almost 2 months with the Airpods, the latter proved to be the winner regarding this category.  * Sound experience: My first cent, I dont believe in such thing as "audiophile", cause audio and music is totally subjective. So, take my opinion on this however you like. Anyhow, if you compare these, strictly against the previous Earpods, theres a MASSIVE difference. And my apologies, but youre a total id*ot if you actually believe they "sound the same as the Earpods". They put you in a totally different experience. To describe it best as I can, the Earpods are closed around you, you kind of feel you are listening to music in a closed room, where it just blasts music to your ears. Whereas the Airpods feel more... wide, more kind of.. immersive, you feel like the music is coming from around you, instead of being blasted into your ears directly. And I found out that, theres a lot more extra holes in it, and one of them, the one on the back bone, kind of opens the pods to the outside world, which makes the sound feel more rich, which I think is what creates the bass in them.  * Other features: I tried them with my PC, and they totally work, mic and stereo speakers, I was actually even surprised of how well they worked with a PC. Thats a great plus for me.   - Also, Id assume there a lot of people who missed the bluetooth settings within their bluetooth menu when you connect them to the iPhone, you can choose what the double tap on each ear does, Play/Pause, activate Siri, Previous, Next, Off (turns the individual pod off).   - One rather obvious feature, but I think its worth mentioning, their haptic abilities, whenever you take one pod out of your ear, they Pause whatever youre playing, put it back, they Play back. So, in my opinion? Totally worth the money. (I paid $240 + shipping!) :P
Everything that is advertised and more, could not be any happier.
They just work, always. Even automatically link to my AppleTV for headset viewing. So easy to use and deal with day tand day.
These are the best my favorite by far. Would definitely recommend. Hold a charge for about 5 hours of use. I use the right ear until it dies then use the left while the other is charging. They charge very fast. Great product
My wife is over joyed with these. I recommend as she is very harsh on headphones. Lol
Works great. I thought it would be fake like some people said, but mine is a genuine pair. Nothing else to say.
Love them!
great product
perfect product as espected!
thank you! it works perfectly
Works  wonderful .
Theres nothing quite like them, just set them in your ears and rock out. No need to constantly try to push them back in your ears trying to get the proper seal. The only time one of them popped out I was at the gym and had my head almost upside down. The sound quality is very good, they dont sound as good as expensive over the ear headphones, but then you dont have a big contraption clamped to your head either. They sound identical to the wired earpods, so if you like them and want the freedom of no wires, you will like these. My biggest complaint is that you cant adjust the volume level from the airpod itself, you have to do it from the phone or watch.
REAL AIRPODS
Thanks
work great love them
Very Good~~~!!!
The best product for apple
Does not fit for my ears but after use ear hook from Spigen, its perfect. So minus one star.
Great sound, great fit, pair seamlessly. Hold an 8 hour charge, 15 minutes back in their case, and another 3-4 hours of sound. One of apples last good products. WAY OVERPRICED.
Please tell me why I didnt buy these 2 years ago.  Where have these been my whole life?!
I pulled the triggers on these randomly and boy am I glad I did! I use these at work and home almost all day and the feature to stop music and start it back up by taking in and out the earpod is great! Durability: I’ve dropped these so much and I don’t even own a case and they’re still going strong and no issues! 5 stars for Apple on this. Battery life: I’ve never had these die on me and the capability to just use one earpod while the other charges in the case makes it to where you can always have one earpod in and stay connected. Being able to use a single earpod is beyond useful and I use this more than I expected. Sound Quality: Now while these aren’t $300 quality headphones (I use Astro A50’s for pc gaming) these sound incredible! 0 complaints with sound aside from having to use Siri or my phone to change the volume and that’s about the only negative thing I can even think of. Don’t overthink this purchase and do it! You won’t regret it and the current first gen is more than worth the money and value you’ll get out of this product.
I love these so much. I have tried several of the "over the ear" type of wireless headphones and they never fit correctly. These fit and more importantly, they stay put- Even when running. I have also used them with my Yurbuds and they work with them also. Definitely worth the money.
Buen producto, buena calidad de sonido
Excellent!!!!
I bought these as a gift for my wife. She loves them. Sound quality is good, battery life is great, especially when you consider you can use one at a time. In the last month and a half there has been one or two times where they tripped out while synching to her phone but they figured it out in a moment or two. Purchased for $100, great price point for as good as they are and how often she uses them.
These are really good headphones for a couple reasons...first these STAY in your ear even when working out. I’ve tried a lot of headphones and all them will fall out of my ears in the gym but these surprisingly don’t budge. They also have awesome battery life; they’re so simple to charge that I don’t really even think about it. For being inner ear headphones, they’re quite comfy and the sound is great! The simplicity of these are awesome, you just have to put them in your ear to connect and then push play. Super convenient. One minor issue is the case is easy to scratch, but I purchased a silicone cover for 3$ and that solves it. Would purchase again!
Occasionally four phone call
Best purchase ever!
As advertised. Good seller
These are well worth the money!  Sound quality is second to none!
No single comment excellent product from apple
So far they have been very good.
Very happy with these! Im usually happy with all Apple products and these are no different. Sound is much better than the wired apple earbuds but probably not as good as other headphones on the market. Good enough for me though. They are great for making phone calls and they seamlessly connect every time I put them in my ears. Overall, Im very happy with the purchase.
I was skeptical about how these i buds would feel. However I am pleasantly surprised. They fit great I hardly know they are in my ears. Sound is well beyond what you need or want. I have never been sorry I spent the money. Only one thing I havent been able at this point to remember to turn of my ringer on my phone when I am listening to a book tape. It will bring you to attention right now.  Very satisfied.
The ease of use is great, the sound is perfect for the average consumer, the battery life is awesome and the charging case lasts perfectly, the connecting is so easy as well as changing between devices, very great product
Love the Apple Airpods. I bought mine from Apple months ago and liked them so much, I purchased this set on Amazon for my wife. We both use them all the time. The sound quality is great, the user experience is awesome, and you can connect these to multiple devices at one time. I love that I can use these to take conference calls on my MacBook, but then also listen to music or take calls on my iPhone without having to disconnect and reconnect then to a different device. As with any new technology, the battery life is the only downside. It hasn’t really been an issue for me though because I put them in their charging case every couple of hours and the AirPods never die on me.
Overall product is great. Only first 10 min of listening was bad because the headphones was connected and disconnected all the time. Now, I can recommend this product :)
If you have apple stuff buy these.
I am an avid Android user and when these things first came out I wasnt really into them. Ive bought other wireless earbuds and wasnt thrilled by the lack of sound quality and battery life was an issue. Having purchased a mock set of the airpods that instantly disappointed I figured what heck why not give these a try besides Amazon had a great deal on them. With that being said, WOW Im impressed at the sound quality and they are comfortable enough. You can still feel that they are there in your ear but they dont hurt MY ear. They connect to all my devices quick and easy Android or iPhone.
Very good product. Love it
Seriously loving these things so far and have only had them in about an hour!! The sound quality is so good that it gave me those nostalgic feel-good chills. As you can see in the pic that I also purchased accessories. I dont want to lose these as they are pretty pricey.
LOVE THESE PODS!! I’ve tried several different brands of WIRED and WIRELESS BLUETOOTH EARBUD devices and nothing beats the sound quality and volume control while mowing my lawn! Add the silicone ear hooks for a more worry-free wear. The only downfall is you can not control volume on the earbuds themselves, you have to use your listening device for that.
I loved my airport by far the best foft I was ever given I loved how the sounded and how easy they were to use. The one down side is when they were stolen there is no way to find them or report them stolen. They do connect to find my iPhone but they have to pair to a device to track. I really wish apple would let you report them as stolen so the thief cannot use them.
It’s really good product
Got them for my wife. She loves them. Fit her ears well and says sound quality is great. People on other end of phone conversations hear her clearly also.
Probably the most amazing thing about this product is the incredible Bluetooth capabilities and sound. I could listen to my music in my ears with my phone charging 4 rooms away with the music still sounding crisp and outstanding! Honestly worth the price!
Best wireless ear pods from apple.
I kept trying other BT headphones... I wish it wouldn’t have taken so long to finally buy these. Great product, wonderful sound quality, light and stylish, albeit a bit of a quirky style.
I hate holding my iPhone to my ear while having a phone conversation. I used to plug in my wired Apple earbuds. These are so much more convenient. They are also "smart" in that they know when they are in your ear, and when you remove them from your ear, they shut off. The sound quality is no better (or worse) than the standard apple earbuds, so if you really want superior sound, look elsewhere, but it you are satisfied with the apple wired earphones, these are an excellent upgrade. Apple products tend to be pricy, but the extra thought in their design - such as knowing if they are in your ear or not - makes them worth the price.
The most comfortable earphones I have tried so far. While they are rather loose in ears and make you feel that they can drop out anytime, they stay in ears rather nicely even when light jogging. There is noise isolation at all from these earphones, useless on the streets or in other noisy environments. Call: the only true wireless earphones I found so far that use both left and right earphones for calls at the same time, and the call quality is very good. The true wireless earphones from both Bose (SoundSport Free Truly Wireless Sport Headphones) and Sony (WF1000X) can only use one earphone for calls. Apple-level seamless experience. Easy to switch between devices. Automatically reconnect after disconnect, which most other bluetooth earphone fail to do.
Comfortable and very convenient
The delivery rate and how good the product is
Absolutely wonderful!
The are great! Sound good. Fit well.
Very very good 
For me, this is the most convenient wireless headphone))
Works extremely well!  The sound quality is amazing and feels super light in my ears!!  Great job with these.
Like most Apple products, these seem overpriced, UNTIL you use them! No, they are not audiophile quality headphones. Yes, they sound better than average! I have two BT headphones that sound better - one is in-ear and one is over the ear. Both of these block out ambient noises (which is part of what makes them sound great.) The problem with those is I cant have ambient noises blocked during the day. Im around family and co-workers, and need to hear them too. Thats why I love EarPods style headphones. They dont totally isolate me from the world. I use them for music 20%, calls 20%, TV on my devices 10%, and podcasts 50% of the time. These are great for watching video on your phone or iPad. As far as ease of use, these are tops! Pairing, pausing when one is taken out, charging, these excel at all of that!  Also, I make many phone calls on my phone. The sound quality for phone calls is the BEST, especially with both sides in.  Take note, if you drive a convertible, these are the ONLY headphones Ive used, bluetooth or wired, that work well driving with the top down. The ONLY ones. That alone was worth the price. Ive tried wired headphones, phone to ear, nearly every Jawbone headset, a handful of Motorola headsets, etc. They were unusable. The person on the other end of the call could hear no wind noise finally with the AirPods! Thank you, Apple. Complaint: white only! Why? They look silly in white. Id love some black or space grey options.
Worth every penny!
These are so cool!  So much netter than wired earpods.
What can you say, they are AirPods. They do everything that they are supposed to.
Happy with the product thus far!
Very great product, very fast delivery, excellent.  Highly recommend.
Love them. Tried them on a workout today and have no problem keeping  them in my ears.  The range on these things are awesome.  Volume sounds great.  Only worry is if I drop one and lose it. From what I understand the music stops if it falls out so that should be a cue that Im missing one.  Would definitely recommend.
Great sound. Case is excellent and long lasting charge is really useful. I bought for running after reading reviews that said they stay in place.  They do not.  Fell out immediately.  I tried adapters to place over them to enhance fit and grip. Didnt work.  Nice earphones. Dont work for running.
Plenty of buds have a charging case, so the effectively infinite battery life you get with a case doesnt gain them anything.  However: 1. Pairing is instant and works as advertised. 2. iCloud propagation to your other devices takes a few minutes but works 100%. 3. Play/pause works 100% when you insert/remove them. 4. They are completely weightless and introduce zero ear fatigue when listening. 5. They DO NOT FALL OUT.  I was initially skeptical but now I will go mountain biking with them.  I have even taken them on a trampoline! Minor quibbles: 1. Sometimes the volume doesnt stay the same from music to a call and back again.
finally I can talk to myself in public without being ashamed
Work good when you are sitting working or walking around. Any work outs they fall out making them impossible to use. The speaker picks up a lot of noise on the phone calls, automated systems that require you to say information does not work well, riding on a train made it impossible to speak on the phone. Otherwise then staying in, some minimal call issues and small connectivity problems they are great. The sound is much better quality, when listening to music there is a clear difference. Cordless is obviously a great feature and so far there has been no problems with losing a pod. Battery life is not long but the super charger case will keep a charge all day and power them up within minutes and will last a few hours before needing another quick charge up.
I am a Prime enthusiast, but I purchased mine elsewhere because of the wait.  These are Marvelous well worth the wait if you cant find them.  The sound is GREAT, the ease of pairing even GREATER.  Ive  had all the BEST headsets still owning and using them, but they cannot COMPARE to these!!!
These are a really nice high quality item. Got mine for $144.95 from Amazon Services and they appear brand new as advertised, but checking a week later I can’t see them listed for anything less than $175 or more. Looks like I got a good deal and will update if I find otherwise. They come up on phone as “Bruce’s AirPods”, so that’s a good sign for authenticity.  The sound is great, exceeds expectations. Can’t rate durability yet, but they seem typical Apple high quality. Battery life is as advertised and charging is very quick as advertised. Expensive, but seems like it is going to be a purchase I’m not going to regret and I can see where all that extra money went. They are very comfortable to wear and stay put even when shaking my head. They are more comfortable than any device I have tried with rubber mounts and the hard design seems more sanitary and easy to clean. When snoozing with ear on pillow, ear can still get sore after a long while, but again better than anything else I have tried. Sometimes you do get what you paid for. I have significant hearing loss in both ears and the live listen feature works really well. There is virtually no delay between the live sounds and what I hear through buds and I am going to use these as a poor man’s hearing aid, again exceeding expectations with adequate amplification and superb sound quality from my iphones’ microphone. Overall very pleased and I must have caught these at a very good price. If anything turns out different I will immediately update. So far so good. After reading more one star reviews vs the low price I paid, I’m now a little concerned, but seems I got the real deal from Amazon Services being listed as the supplier.  If I find otherwise, you will see an update to this review.  One last thing, they come with a cable, but no transformer strangely. I guess Apple figures you already must have one. The charging time is so fast that there is really no competition, so I’m OK with it and happy to keep the price down on an already expensive luxury item.  Not dealing with tangled wires that seem to snag on every door knob when both hands are full is so nice indeed. Go ahead and spend the money, absolutely worth it!
Man.. I will be the first to tell you.. I was so skeptical about these but after getting them they changed my mind and I was shocked at how good the quality was. Also, talking on the phone works well. I have no complaints. The price maybe is a con. I’d say a fair price is $120 for these but with all the advertising and marketing I understand it.
Good product
double tap a little sluggish
they are exactly like what i expected but the case for the air pods is really good at getting scratches and little dents. the battery life is pretty good. it does have like find my phone for this and it will play a sound but it does not track the case and the case does not play a sound.
The AirPods are incredible. They sound great and work flawlessly. Highly recommend.
This product work fantastic
Love the air pods. Probably my best investment! Not having any cords to deal with is a game changer.
Great Authentic Apple Airpods, Registers for warranty easily on Apples website no need to stress whether or not they’re real.?100% Authentic AirPods. Amazing sound quality also syncs very easily with your Iphone. Thanks Amazon!
Complemento ideal con mi iPhone. Funcionan perfectamente. Puedo contestar mis llamadas y videoconferencias sin problema.
Great product but they dont fit my ears well. When I used them on a recent flight , realized that its very hard to hear anything due to the noise.
I love them with all of my heart! Lol they are amazing!
It was prefec, new and quality
I love the Apple Airpods! They were convenient as you open the case and they instantly pair with your Iphone. I ended up returning them though as they did not fit my ears. I could have bought the aftermarket ear adapters, but you have to remove them every single time you put an Airpod back in the charging case. Although I returned them, I thoroughly enjoyed them for the week I had them.
Just love them, you won’t understand until you have a pair.
Fantastic product.  If you like apple products you will love these.  I love being around people and having my phone function in my ear instead of out loud and not having to reach into my pocket for every single application.  Pair this with the Apple Watch and you have a heck of a setup.
I got these because none of my wireless headphones would work for talking on the phone and these had good reviews for that. I am really glad I got them because I have had 0 issues talking with these. I know they look a bit funny, but its totally worth it to me to be able to actually talk on the phone!
Great stuff
So far they are amazing
It’s amazing I love it
Definitely love my new AirPods Fists perfect and does exactly what it supposed to do
I like the way the air pods interact with apple products, and the way they sound.  In some ways they are more secure in the ear than are plug-in ear buds. But, my LG television will not recognize them because (according th LG service), there is no on-off switch. There used to be a button on the box ], according to the people on the phone, but there is no button on the case.
These are the real deal. Comfortable, reliable, and easy to use. Others have tried to make it big in the Bluetooth headphone industry and it’s obvious as to why they’re struggling. This one takes the cake for top Bluetooth earbuds.
Best thing I ever purchased
Perfect gift
Absolutely amazing and took no more than 5hours to get to my house. I love amazon and these headphones!!!!
I tried other wireless earphones and the AirPods are awesome. Easy to install, easy to use.
Hermoso
Love the AirPods! Finally I’m untethered with an ear piece that fits perfectly!
Love them...
#1 product love it
I use them to go running and i sweet heavily. I have zero issues and have been through many kinds of head and ear phones. These dont fall out and sound great!
It is good because it is from Apple
I bought this a couple months ago and is one of the best received from apple
Kids love it .. super hard to get at store
Product was exactly what I expected.  They have been working as intended for several months now. Very happy with the purchase.
My number item that I have.
I like that they are actually Apple.
Perfect, 
The airpods can easily fall out of your ear and the amount of battery life is not as it is claimed to be.
Absolutely outstanding! For running, talking and everything!!!!!
Love them.  arrived sooner that apple delivery :)
They are real!! And sound perfect!
After owning these for 2 months I love them more every day. The only complaint I have is there isn’t much bass but that’s to be expected in earbuds. This is the type of thing you think you might want until you get them and then you couldn’t imagine your life without them.
I love it, sounds great, works flawless with my iPhone X , the only problem it won’t fit in my ears good, keep falling out, overall great headphones
Convenience maximum
This is original and brand new in sealed box, very happy with it C:
I’ve tried several brands of wireless ear buds. Most in ear buds that go in tend to hurt my ears or fall out regardless of what size I choose. The airpods work as well as their wired counter parts. If you like apples original EarPods and they fit for you these will also fit great. I run distance and lift. I rarely if ever have to adjust these in my ear and never had one fall out. Only draw back I would say is they don’t stop any surrounding sound from getting in unless music is on. I don’t mind this. These are best on market as of now.
Great product, works seamlessly with my phone. Would highly recommend.
Amazing
These little ear buds are exactly what I have been looking for!!! They are multi purpose- they are smarter than I am- and they are comfortable. Highly recommend
This is an excellent product. The sound quality is very good, comfort excellent, and the ease of use is top notch. I highly recommend them.
Dont waste your money on any other type of wireless devices.  These are fantastic and well worth the cost.  You pull them out of their case (where they are ALWAYS ready and charged up!) and they instantly connect to your iPhone.  The sound is great and the voice quality is flawless.  If you are wavering -- stop right now and order them!!
I just want to start off saying that anyone giving this product 1  is either a competitor, works for a competitor or is completely incompetent when it comes to tech. Although the sound quality isnt as good as the Logitech Jaybird X3s it does make up for in ease of use, convenience and comfort (no hanging wires). I know a lot of people were making fun of the way they looked when they were released, but I found them better looking than other truly wireless earbuds that tended to look like hearing aids.  The only complaint I have is I wish they came in more colours, I had to get them custom painted by Colorware in matte black.  Otherwise another amazing product by Apple
These are pricey but worth every penny, They have surprisingly good bass and phone calls sound amazing. Charges insanely fast and pairing happens automatically. Also, coolest thing is music pauses when you take one out of your ear. LOVE them!
Ive waited more than six months for availability in Amazon webpage, It worth wait!
Ive had my AirPods for a little over a month now and love them. They fit my ears perfectly. Im able to exercise while wearing them without feeling any indication that they might fall out. I know this isnt so for everyone. They work seamlessly with all my Apple devices. If Im listening to music through my JBL Flip 4 (a great bluetooth speaker) and put my AirPods in my ears, the music automatically routes to them. It works the other way, too. My experience with ear buds and headphones include one of the older (and now broken) QuietComfort Bose headphones. The Bose sounded better, of course. The AirPods are second, but I would choose them over the Bose now because its so great to be free of wires and straps. I have another pair of Bluetooth ear buds, but theyre connected by a strap that sticks to my skin when I turn my head. Very frustrating as it pulls the bud out of my ear. None of that with the AirPods. I dont like that I got ripped off by the seller here on Amazon (I think I paid $232) but I had a couple of gift cards that eased my pain. Plus they did ship overnight.
Day three with these. Excellent fit in that it doesn’t get tiresome and you can hear your surroundings. If you want in eat then these may not be for you unless you buy an accessory. The charging case is great because they power up very quickly. Popping them in the case between drives or activities means they are always 100% when I need them. Sound is the same as the EarPods. Well balanced.
great
One word to describe these headphones - Delightful! I have to say probably the most under-rated and coolest device that Apple has invented since probably the IPAD. Pairing was a breeze, and while I have (had) many other wireless headphones, these ones are different. Sound quality was great, and they feel real solid. While I wouldnt necessarily go jogging with these guys for fear they would fall out of my ears, they are great for taking on stroll around town. Home run by Apple!
Let me start by saying Apple hit a home run with its AirPods. I never leave the house without them in my pocket. I generally will use one at a time if Im waiting in line at the store or walking around grocery shopping. The case is small enough you wont notice them and since I switch out using only one battery is never an issue. I generally charge my case once a week.  If I do use both AirPods they will last 4 1/2 - 5 hours. Sound quality is much better than stock Airbus. I can leave my phone inside and can walk around my yard without loosing the Bluetooth signal. When I first got them I was amazed how far I could walk away from my phone. Also no matter what room Im in or if Im outside walls for the most part will not block the signal. I have never had them fall out or even fell loose. They are so lite you will forget they are in your ears. I cant recommend these any higher. Apple really outshined its self with a product you expect only Apple can enginer. Its made by Apple so build quality is what you would expect. The only word of warning I have is to make sure the software is up to date. Their is no way to manually update the build number AirPods are suppose to do it automatically, but for AirPods to update they must be plugged into the charger and tethered to your iPhone. The latest firmware really improves their functionality and sound volume. With the latest firmware they connect via Bluetooth much faster and they sound louder. Enough prase Apple really made a pair of wireless headphones I never expected to love so much. Its worth the wait if you buy them from Apple!!!
Loved that it paired immediately to your devices and the sound quality is awesome with no background noise you can talk in a normal tone of voice and your party has no problem hearing you
I cant believe it, but they survived my worst nightmare. I opened the washing machine and out fell one of my airpods. I found the other buried under some clothes, and was in immediate panic-mode. I put them in a small ziploc with silica beads for 36 hours... tested them out and they still worked perfectly! I couldnt believe it... no battery drain, no crackling or affect in sound quality. These are nearly waterproof if they can survive that. I looked it up and watched some tear-down videos and saw that Apple basically filled the inside of the airpods with glue to create a seal, which probably helped them survive the wash. VERY HAPPY!!!
I love these Apple EarPods, don’t except an imitation if you don’t have to, they are great!
Great buds
Very easy to use. Connects right away.
Excellent quality product’
The Apple Air pod has been a great product and the sound clarity and batter life has been really great so far.  I have used it continuously for almost 4 hours and there was no problem at all. Thank you Amazon for the consistent delivery and accurate product specifications.
Not good for people who lose stuff frequently, although amazing sound quality and fit
I honestly don’t know how I lived without them. I’ve been through 8 headsets in 2 years and I’m always disappointed. These are absolutely amazing. I would buy another set if I lost them tomorrow.
Great service and product
Great product works great
I love these headphones. A great convience and a great buy. Welcome to the future with these headphones. I recommend these headphones to everyone.
Love, love, love these headphones. There have been times where I even forget I’m wearing them while still using them. Totally worth the price
The AirPods fit me well, YMMV. I enjoy using them when I walk outdoors as the wired versions were always an issue. I also enjoy them when making those longer phone calls to family members. I truly enjoy being untethered from the phone.
Great love them
Found these headphones in my dryer after a heavy load of washing clothes. They lasted a 60 minute cycle in the washer and followed by a 60 minute dryer. Id say that is as durable as headphones can get. They work perfect still.
Very good headphones! They automatically pause your music or video when you take one or both pods out (this setting can be changed.) You can set wether a double tap pauses your music, skips to the next selection, etc. Soon as you double tap, the response time is quick. I’ve dropped the case and one of the pods on some hard wood floor at some point. They still work very good so that must imply durability. The sound quality is great as well! I shook my head really hard, they stay in. When I go running they stay put. I wear them in the shower when I don’t have to wash my hair.  The only downside is that the sound can be slightly “late” when it comes to beat-making apps so it’s hard to stay on beat. But for youtube videos it’s completely on time! Update: I accidentally washed them...THEY STILL WORK LIKE NEW OMG. I was so relieved.
They stay in your ear and connect immediately. Best headphone I have ever used.
Only issue I had was I couldnt borrow them to my girlfriend to use on her own phone, it wouldn’t link with her Bluetooth
Great price for best headset today.
I never wanted to justify paying for these, but I’m glad I did.  I went through so many different sets that mimicked them and weren’t what I was looking for.  These are great.  I need wireless earbuds for work and the sound clarity and easy connectivity lets me work without issues.  I love them!
I was actually surprised these were 100% authentic. I purchased them simply because I use the gym very often and I was sick of the wires getting in my way. They lasts me about 3 hours if I listen to music nonstop and the charging pod — it’s so great, your headphones can be on 1% and within literal minutes they’re up to 75%. Super glad I bought them (:
I purchased the Apple AirPods from Amazon on May 26 and feel they have been an ok purchase. These were purchased at full price without any sponsored help. For music and hearing conversations they are great. These are not noise cancelling but I’m ok with that because I want to be aware of my surroundings. Noise cancelling makes that harder because I have to trust my eyes more and that is difficult when I get engaged in something. The biggest positive I can say is the ease of which it connects via Bluetooth to all of my iDevices (iPad 3, iPad mini, multiple iPhones).  I primarily use the AirPods with my iPhone 6 Plus. The Bluetooth connection is fast and it hasn’t dropped a phone call once. Every now and again I do hear a weird hissing or staticky noise while on FaceTime video and audio calls. My current remedy is to dock my AirPods in the case, wait a few seconds and then use the AirPods again.  Coming from a Plantronics Voyager Legend the secure connection is the biggest reason why I keep the Apple AirPods. I also like that I now only need to carry a single lightning cable for my charging needs. It was a small annoyance having to carry different types of cables for my phone and other Bluetooth headsets. Now the Con: for me the Plantronics Voyager Legend has noise cancelling technology in the microphone so I was able to do things like wash dishes or other chores without the person on the other end noticing. The AirPods pick up everything so washing dishes on a phone call can be annoying to the person on the other end of the phone conversation. I can’t imaging having a decent conversation in a busy area like a large airport without the person on the other end hearing all of the commotion around you. Because of that I’m still looking for a dual earpiece, wireless headset with an effective noise cancelling microphone for my iPhone. I would settle with the single ear Plantronics offerings if it didn’t drop the Bluetooth connection so often. The other con is how loose fitting the AirPods feel.  I like the feeling in most situations except during running/plyometric workouts.  For those times I stick to my Beats Powerbeats2 wireless headphones because they have a hook around the ear.  For daily use the AirPods are just more comfortable so I’m ok with using the Beats once a day. Price wise I feel like this is an ok purchase considering how much I use them.  The Apple Store also verified that I purchased authentic Apple AirPods after they checked the numbers on the AirPod case and packaging.
I have tried many many Bluetooth earphones from Jaybird, jabra, to Beats X that has the w1 chip too and nothing comes close to the simple design and ease of use of the Airpods. You never have to turn it on or off. Pull from the case, it automatically turns on and sync. Always charges and ready to use. It’s like having the EarPods but without wires. Love it and if I ever lose them, I’ll pick another one up in a heart beat.
Pretty good a little pricey
Excellent excellent product, delivers all the quality expected from Apple.  Paired with the iPhone they are flawless much better than other Bluetooth products, not a fan of Bluetooth but in this case they work perfectly
Better than I expected! Bass has a good punch and mids and highs are well balanced. Battery life is great, they are comfortable, nice features, and more. Although they’re pretty great, there are a few things that I think they should adjust for the next generation. 1. Not so great for movies on the airplane. Doesn’t block out sound too well and can’t get loud enough at times, especially in lower volume films or shows. And thats only because of the airplane’s noise, perfectly fine anywhere else. 2. Wish they had the ability to adjust the level of noise you hear around you. My uncle showed me his Bragi, and they have a button that allows you to adjust the amount of surrounding noise you hear. Although, the Bragi is $299. But My uncle and I did agree that the sound quality’s is better on the AirPods. 3. Durability seems a little weak, especially in the case. Also, the case is so small I’m afraid to lose it so I keep them in a sunglass pouch. But it’s easy to use, and holds a great charge! Overall, the AirPods are pretty amazing. I think the next gen ones will be even better and hopefully fix some of these minor issues. Definitely would recommend. Price is good too compared to the competition. Would’ve given this product 4/5, but they exceeded my expectations and I love Apple products.
Great product. I was surprised with the sound quality. The bass is at a good level. Best in ear headphones on the market. Highly recommend.
Nice easy
Awesome
it has great sound battery life is great
I’m not sure why people are saying these sound just like wired EarPods. The sound quality is much, much higher. They are lightweight and pack a punch. I couldn’t believe the amount of bass they are capable of producing! My wife wants a pair now! They instantly connected to my MacBook when I switched between devices which was a huge bonus!
Awesome product and is truly a lifestyle changer. The functionally and sound from these headphones are by far the best out of all the headphone I have owned over the years.
I use these every day, generally only one ear at a time. Music, podcasts, audio books. So nice to get rid of the cord.
They are the BEST...I wear them every day to the gym.  No more cords... I have had no problems with them at all.
Love them!  They stay in and sound great!  They also keep the wind out of my ears!
So I got these as a present for Christmas and I must say theyre one of the best headphones Ive ever owned... PROS: *They sound amazing *The call quality is great *The charge lasts for hours *They recharge quickly in the case *The case charge lasts at least 2 days CONS: *They fall out of you ear easily ( so if you plan to use these on a job where youre moving a lot they might fall out and break) *They are not water resistant(I wore them in the rain thinking nothing of it and the right headphone started sounding funny so I took them out they ended up sounding like that for a couple of days)
Awesome. Little flimsy on the cap but that’s Apple
I LOVE THEM! Its very effective when Im trying to block people out (:
very happy with my purchase.
Best pair of headphones I ever owned. You will not be disappointed.
I absolutely love my Airpods, and Im so glad I got them. They connect instantly, the 20-minute quick charge feature has been amazing, and I can get a full days use out of them by switching back and forth between the left and right ear buds. I work in an office where I cant have two headphones in at the same time, so this works out for me. If you wanted to wear both of them all day, Id recommend building in a break and letting the Airpods charge while you eat lunch or something. They wont last a full 8 hours. I havent yet really used the touch features, because I use my phone or my Apple Watch as a remote, but I have used them for phone calls, and theyre great. The original Apple ear buds always fit comfortably in my ears, so if you had problems with those, you might have problems with these. I love them, though. No regrets on this purchase.
Hey am a YouTube reviews host. Am seeing a lot of product resembling your product and would like to review a few.
Outstanding; best earbuds I’ve ever purchased.
They are absolutely amazing, so convenient and easy to use with I phones, beware android users it works just not to its full potential. Sound is amazing but if it’s too loud people can easily hear it, you can fix it with the rubber ear tips as an accessory and will better fit in your ear and retain the sound from leaking out, I really like taking one out and giving it to friends so we can easily listen to the same music or watch a video together, in class my friend and I sit on opposite sides of the class room and it’s really fun to see eachother bobbing our heads in rhythm, I also suggest getting a silicone case with a clip to prevent this thing from scratching and getting lost, I got my first pair stolen but I ended up tracking the guy and stealing them back but point being it’s easy to get these things lost once they disconnect from Bluetooth, they don’t have a tracker like tile so I got a tile and glued it to the silicone case but now I can find them no matter what, only thing I really don’t like is the lose fit but aside from that they are great
I was very nervous to buy "refurbished" but if you read enough of the seller comments out there you can tell they are brand new but not distributed by Apple so they have some stigma to them. These are legit, brand new, in sealed box Apple airpods. These are badazz little headphones. I personally cant stand Apple products and all the hype of the punch drinkers inflating the cost of otherwise marginal goods but these are pretty cool. Got them for my fiancee and she looves them. Good for light cardio and weight lifting. Dont try to use them while riding a horse or something.
It gud
i was looking for something which would serve both as headset for calls and headset for music. previously used for calls plantronics voyager and for music - bose qc30. while quality of sound for music is below bose solution (well no surprise, right?) the sound is still reasonably good quality of calls is much-much-much better than with plantronics. quality of sound comparing to traditional Earpods is pretty much the same but absence of wires is big-big plus.
Great airpods. Very convenient to use.
The Apple Airpods exceeded expectations.  They shipped a week earlier than I had expected and the fit and sound quality is better than I expected.  They are the only headphones that are comfortable when laying in bed watching Apple TV.  The only negative is that both my kids have found them and have tried to claim them as there own.  They can save up and buy a pair!
If youre an Apple head like me you will love these AirPods they are so handy they connect to your iPhone so quickly and have great sound quality
I bought mine at the local Apple store. They are truly wonderful: the best of class feature being the multi-device integration and ease of use. Sonic quality is acceptable at this price point. Battery life is good and does last all day with the charging case. Build quality is excellent. Only possible improvement is to have the LED light location outside the case for better viewing, improvement on bass (not so much quantity but rather tighter and more focus). As is, they are still the best of class wireless stereo earbuds in the market with no other can come close to the ease of use and device integration features. Highly recommended..
i love them and use them all the time they fit my ear perfectly and dont fall out perfect for the 7 or 7 plus
Came very fast so happy and impressed  thanx Abes really appreciate itt !
Love these things! Allows me not to be tethered to my iPad or iPhone. Sound canceling seems to work well on the phone and fits well in my my ear. Un like the other pluge type wireless that make my ears hurt after long use. These just sit in the ear without pressure and stay, even when even when I am cleaning house.
great product  but just wish I could use this to talk on laptop too..
Perfect 
These are beyond a doubt the best purchase I have made in years. I really made them as an impulse buy and didnt think theyd be worth it. Totally wrong. They fit perfect and the sound quality is amazing. I can workout with no strings hanging around my neck. 100% recommend.
The sound quality is about as good as you can get with this type of headphone.  Add to it apples simple design and user interface and you have a great product here.  My only wish is that theyd come out with an over the ear version of this.  Until then, ill stick to my Bose over the ear noise canceling headphones.
I love them!!! I don’t have to worry about the wire getting caught or anything.
They work really well and charge nice. I would buy these again. Definitely worth the money and they stay in my ears all day.
I love them. I use them daily. At school, in my car, in the mall. Anywhere. They are easy to lose but if you dont lose them they will last forever. I even accidentally dropped the right one in my pool for 24 hours. Still works perfectly fine. They are extremely durable.
I use these at the gym. Amazing sound and quality. I never lose connection and they never fall out of my ears. They are very light and sometimes you forget they are there.  I have to make a conscience effort to place them back in the case so I don’t accidentally lose one.
I don’t like how they get dirty which is mainly my fault but still
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The battery is a bit low, but the bass and clearity of the music is amazing, even all the way up. Fast charging case is very nice, it lets me get back to listening, faster. Dropped the case from a 300ft carnival ride and they survived. (Some kid returned them) Very small damage to case
Authentic Apple AirPods. Work great and delivered as expected. Very easy to set up took 2 seconds
Just what she wanted
All around great
Excellent product
Better than my BO’s
I walked around campus and a lot of people had these.  So I bought them. Overall, they dont disappoint (thank god). These were really expensive but I think Ive used it enough that it basically is worth 5x the cost. Walking around, they have good distance without my device. The actual AirPods arent the most aesthetic, but they fit in my ears really well even with earrings. They are effective just walking around and it made studying so much better because of the lack of cords. The battery life is amazing. Ive seen it go from 5% to 70% in 5 minutes. Sound quality is really nice. Ive definitely used these every day as a college student and I have no regrets dropping the money on it. Con: Ive lost it twice but Ive also found them twice. Once I accidentally put on the dining hall conveyer belt and the worker thought the case was a dental floss container. Kinda looks like a giant tictac. If youre skilled at losing things, may reconsider, but "Find your iPhone" works for AirPods. So youll be okay for the most part.
I like the sound of these better than Bose, Beats and my custom made wired headphones. They are say to sync with all my Apple devices including one of the first iPads sold. If you have any problems, I just go to YouTube and follow their instructions. There is no lag time with video sound playback and lip sync. Also, Ive worn several Apple EarPods with them not fitting and falling out. The air pods fit very well with little movement. So, drop the bucks because theyre worth the price compared to higher end prices Ive paid for name brand high tec headphones.
You won’t be sorry...
Great headphones but the sound is a little muffled for my hearing
They are great air pods. Just a little painful since I have small ears. But worth it. I bought the extra kit to wrap around neck for when needed. Awesome sound. However, not sure if people are having a hard time hearing me because of the connection or the airpods but time will tell. I do enjoy the ease of them though.
Works like magic
I liked that they fit in my ears securely, and the awesome sounds
before i get deep into this review, these are fantastic wireless earbuds with very decent sound quality, amazing battery life, and great connectivity with apple devices. these are not worth the buy if you are an android user, as they don’t offer the same ease of connectivity and siri. (no matter how much she sucks.) they are (relatively) stylish and have a great microphone. i love how you can program the double tap features for skipping songs, siri, or pausing, etc. they are pretty loud, and have good sound quality. might not be as good as beats over ear headphones, but has good bass and overall sound. very rich and smooth. the case is very, very practical. the find - my iphone feature is useful, but really won’t help you much when you lose them a mile away, as you have to be with-in bluetooth range to see live location. i love how premium these feel, and they do look pretty good in my opinion. the case is scratch free, which is pretty much a must. they are slim in your pocket, and don’t look like you have an erection. (thought that might be useful.) the battery life is amazing, and lasts over 72 hours, so you probably will have to charge them once a month. i love how when you remove one of the ear buds, they pause. (you can still have them play with one ear bud in.) it does include a lightning cable for charging, which is very nice of apple. in the review section of these, lots of people are saying they are getting fake airpods instead of the real ones when they order, but don’t be too concerned about that. amazon is great at returns, and there is a 95% chance you will get real ones. -cons- you can only have two of the following programmed at the same time, which is annoying. double tap for next song, double tap for previous song, double tap for siri, double tap to pause, double tap for off. this is annoying when you want to pause, but you also want siri and next song. easy to lose, but there are accessories to help with this. overall, great headphones and worth the buy if you are an apple user. please note i am not a verified purchase, because i got these at best buy. they are the same model and everything.
Too happy. #primememberrrrr
Wow! " Apple"  AirPods are so awesome. I hear parts of the band that I cant hear with other ear pods. Love  Love Love these.
If you are considering these just go ahead and buy them, the crazy price is well worth it. I am a high school student and I am pretty conservative with my money but these ear buds are amazing all the features work perfectly and flawlessly.
Me encanta este producto...
Absolutely love these! I love that it automatically pauses whatever Im listening to when I take one pod out of my ear.
Best buy Ive made in a long time!
I spent months considering this purchase. They are As advertised. Authentic Apple product. Recommend charging case cover for added protection as case is glossy and potentially slippery. Comfortable and easy to use. Having no cable attached to the earbuds is remarkable
Literally the BEST head phones I have ever had and WILL ever have. I had another pair that I received as a gift when they first came out- I unfortunately washed them in the laundry. They arent waterproof ;) I tried to buy a knock off brnad for $50, worst mistake. I used my apple headphones with the cord at the gym for 4 months and then I could no longer take it. SO HAPPY I bought these bad boys again. So nice to not deal with a cord when I am lifting and running. Perfect size in your ears great sound quality, ability to turn up and stop music with head phones. I think there are more options, I just dont use them. Also you can choose if you want your music to stop if you take out a head phone, or if you want it to keep playing regardless. It tells you the case and pod charge on your phone when you connect them. LOVE THESE. BUY THESE!!!
well worth it
Best BT headphones I’ve ever owned. Worth the money IF own and iPhone
They are very handy. The call gets a bit fuzzy sometimes but they have great sound.
I washed them in the pocket of my jeans and to my surprise they work just fine ! No problems at all. Even sounds good !
So far so good. Loving these compared to regular ear phones. I did get a case and a couple of holders that go around the neck. A bit worried about losing them.
Wow I can’t believe how great these things are! They stay in my ears while roofing!  Sweat and all.  Great pair of headphones.  Easily connects and transfers between devices. My favorite part though, is that the mic picks up my voice and I have clear conversations and the other parties can’t tell I’m on a headset!
they are great
Favorite accessory I’ve ever purchased. Great to start and stop music while at the office, stays in my ears while running and skiing. After a year of owning these I’m exceptionally happy with there value... even at the steep price point they’re sold at.
I have several Bluetooth headphones from the LG Tone to Plantronics. The Apple AirPods have superior sound as far I’m concerned. The lows don’t overpower your ears, and the mids and highs are spot on. These are also my choice for workouts. Pairing was simple. These are my 1st choice for workouts. Love em!
These are simply amazing. Perfect cosmetically and functionally.
Super nice and quick to pair. had to have one replaced though due to loss of volume and when replaced I noticed the other one also was lacking in volume. Disappointed in how they will die so quickly. Ive only had them for around 6 months. I switched back to my Powerbeats 3 for the better sound quality with deeper bass and better sound isolation.
No complaints. Worth the money. Really like that they hold a long charge and also recharge when placed back in the pod.
If I used these as they were intended and paired them with an Apple device this would be a 5 star review. The fit, sound quality, voice quality, convenience, etc is great... love it. But my phone is a Samsung S6, so not only do I lose a lot of functionality (such as knowing how much battery life is left), they also randomly disconnect quite a bit throughout the day so it just gets annoying.
Just as promised!
Muy buenos
Perfect great sound and very comfortable. You won’t be disappointed.
The sound and functionality is awesome, on call it is very clear and audible, for movies the sound is harmonious with the video, really amazing. The airpods could have been made to last a bit longer as the full 5 hours of music playback has yet to be achieved for me. In all wonderful product, I definitely recommend to anyone
great sound, I have wireless earbuds from Beats and Bose and in my opinion, the quality of these match both. Very pleased with my purchase.
Updated February 23, 2018.  I would have expected a droppage in battery life, or occasional disconnects, however, nothing like that has happened. If anything, I like them more....how is that possible? I can be walking in pretty windy conditions and only then will someone ask if i am outside. If you are/were on the fence about these little gems, just do it! Original Review Here: Purchased from the Verizon website and had a credit from a trade in so they were basically free.  To truly understand the Apple Architecture you need to go all in. What really makes these awesome is controlling them from the Apple Watch. I fall asleep with them, talk on the phone with them and do hard workouts with them. I also wear them while cutting grass and cover them with over the ear muffs....and they work just fine. I can pop them in and get out of the car and no one ever knows I transferred the call to the pods. I agree, they are a premium price. They are also a superior product. Like all the other reviewers have said, if the wired ones fit your ears, these will probably work just fine. I have had my pair about 6 weeks. In that time they have had at least 1 software update.  I have never had them stop working or had any connectivity issues. These sound better than the wired ones and the lack of the cord pulling on them makes them even more comfortable. The comfort for me is outstanding. I understand that different people have different sizes of ears. These just plain work, like a wireless headphone should. Now, lets see whats cooking for gen 2!
Great sound. Works perfectly
Item its brand new,sealed package,fast shipping recommend 100%
awesome
Too bad that folks keep buying all of these up and driving the price up, but great product.
The Airpods have quickly become my favorite earbuds/headphones. The ease of connecting them between my iPhone, Mac, and iPad has been a game changer. Bought a pair for the rest of my family and they love them as well. They sound good and rarely do I find myself having to worry about whether they are charged up. Dont pay the extra money, go to ATTs website they usually have them in stock. Verizon wireless also has them available online quite a bit.
Easily the most user friendly ear buds in existence.  These things are amazing.  The best feature, besides connecting flawlessly is when you lift one out of your ear, the music pauses and then resumes when the earbud is replace.  WELL worth the money.
At first, I went back and forth about spending so much on a Bluetooth headset. I have bought countless knockoffs, too many to count, thinking they’d be suffice. Every single cheap headset I’ve purchased has broken or breaks up a few feet from my device. Not one has been noteworthy. The AirPods work. I can keave my main device upstairs, and go into the basement for stretches without interference, and this with several walls and stairs blocking the headset from the main device. You can go all around a house, garage, etc without missing a beat. I haven’t tried it outside yet, but that would probably work too. There are no buttons to push in hopes of getting a connection, or anything of the sort. It connects to Your device by proxy and holds an amazing charge. I’m beyond impressed. And kicking myself for spending hundreds on cheap, knockoff devices. This just proves that 99 percent of the time when you buy the knockoff you get knockoff quality.
Love everything about these!! Perfect AirPods! If you want something that fits in your ear and stays there, this is for you! Love the sound quality. We definitely recommend!
These are a wonderful set of wireless ear buds. I have had others, but the sound quality, reception, microphone (for phone), durability, and battery life is exceptional. Every bit worth the extra cost. Very happy with these!
My 12 year old loves them!
I love everything about them.
I just love these air buds. work great. never fall out of your ears. best purchase
Outstanding craftsmanship
Didn’t like how they got scratched easy
Excellent
I’m happy ....I used at the gym and working really good....
Very nice and convenient for sure; adequate sound quality but could use a bit better seal to stay in the ears and keep out the metro noise a bit more.
You should buy a case cover
They sound surprisingly good considering what they are. The wireless connection is fantastic as well, I can walk around my house without my phone and get uninterrupted music. They’re a bit uncomfortable if I wear them for more than an hour or two, but I find myself using them more often than my other headphones (SE215, HD598CS) due to the convenience and sound. One thing to keep in mind is you get very little noise isolation, so these aren’t great for an airplane or other noisy environments.
Fast and perfectly delivered item just as described and all original apple item - I am not sure why others mentioned this was fake
Got a pair refurbished and they showed up brand new and I’m happy with them! They were a replacement for my wireless beats.
Love it
Excelente producto
I purchased this after thinking a lot. Now, this has been my go to earphone and has replaced my wireless beats, earphone received with iPhone and also the $50 wireless earphones from an Asian company. Good sound quality, quick charging, and excellent battery life. Im completely sold into this.
Best headphones I’ve bought since my beats! Super far range too.
The cancel outside noise out better than any other inner ear headphones I’ve used. They have a long range of connection. I can practically go anywhere in my building and still here my music while leaving my phone in my desk. And there are no wires to get in the way. I can go to the printer of fax machine and not have to take them out a hundred times a day like my old ones. Worth every penny.
Honestly these the most user friendly Bluetooth related headphones I’ve used, they’re pretty badass
Just got them today. It was love at first hearing! Heavenly sound. Superb.
Got here’s fast and worked great!
Amazing
He loves them
Easy to carry.  Sound is awesome!  I love them
Great quality and sound for a small earphone.
Simply amazing! Out of my pocket and into my ears, no cables to worry about. Battery life is insane, sound quality is balanced and I personally love it!
Love the ease of use, very simple to connect to your phone or pc.  It works best with the iPhone but there is a fantastic app on Android called Airbattery that gives you most of the features you get when using Airpods on an iPhone. Really like the small case for charging and storing the headphones. Slips right into my front pocket without bulging out like some of the other headsets with charging cases. Battery usually last around a full week between case charges. Biggest con honestly is how dopey I feel with the long white stems sticking out of my ears. But that’s just a personal preference thing.  Some people like the way the look.
I love my AirPods........
I first got my husband a pair and after a couple weeks of him loving them and then me trying them a couple times I ended up getting my own. Clarity on these is great, so is sound/volume on both ends-- no real problem with background noise, static, or coming through too quiet-- and they pair instantly with phones, etc.  The other thing thats nice is once I had paired it with my phone, my iPad and basically every other mobile device on my iCloud/Apple account automatically added them as well, which made set up and life a lot easier across the board.  The initial set up with my iPhone was really easy as well: basically you just hold the case near the phone and the phone will detect them and automatically prompt you about pairing with them.  It will also tell you the charge level, etc., of them and the case, which is nice. The charger case is amazing as well.  My husband uses his all the time and aside from charging up the case when he first got it (it comes almost completely charged but he plugged it in and let it charge to 100%), and hes been able to go almost a week without charging them despite being on the phone A LOT.  The key seems to be that if youre not actively using them on the phone or actively expecting a call while you drive or something, toss them in the case so they can charge and dont eat up their battery life. Overall, theyre great!  I highly recommend them.
Seller had them listed as refurbished, but they arrived sealed and brand new. Pairing was quick and easy. I can manage what double tapping does to either ear bud. They fit same as the Apple wired buds but no wires is amazing. I love the charging case too. It can give them a recharge throughout the day.
I know some reviews have said these are horrible, they fall out while running, walking, cyc, etc. I primarily use these at home, while doing yard work, housework, watching tv, etc., and they have stayed in my ears pretty well. I wanted something that was Bluetooth enabled, since i was tired of being tethered to my IPad Mini 4 and Touch, which makes it all the more wonderful to have these on. And if I just want one plug in my ear, instead of the set, that is a doable thing too, which I love.
I wear a single headphone at my work station everyday, and have been considering a purchase of bluetooth earbuds for a while. After I snapped the cord on my daily use earbuds I made the move and bought a cheaper bluetooth earbud on Amazon. The earbuds came and were impossible to get set up so I boxed them back up and returned them. I headed to Amazon to look at multiple options and decided that it was either the Airpods or Bose headphones. After reading reviews on both I decided against Bose, as they were huge in size. When my Airpods arrived I had them paired to my iPhone in under 15 seconds. I have been using them for about a week and have zero complaints. They pair quickly, pause when you pull one out of your ear and have good sound quality. I use them all day long and cant think of anything I would change about the product.
Works amazing
Great sound , great comfort..... Can’t live without them !
MAKES WORKOUTS FUN!
Love the sound on this Bluetooth airpods
best purchase Ive made in a long time.  They work great!
Great item and awesome sound
I love these is all Im going to say!!!  I get nervous though when I cant find them. Make sure you have them under the lost mode so you can find them. Lol. But they stop playing music if they fall out your ear if you happen to be listening to something st the time. Sooo worth it. I love love this product
When the AirPods were announced I wasnt that excited.  Even as a self-proclaimed Apple fanboy, I found the design to be laughable.  I thought that people would look like idiots with them in their ears.  It reminded me of a smaller version of the Bluetooth headsets that dorky guys used to use to talk on their phones as though they were important.  I didnt think Id ever get them and if I did I certainly wasnt going to be one of the first. Then, I found myself needing some EarPods.  Mine were a tangled mess yet again and I was tired of it so decided to go the AirPod route.  This was about a month ago and they were still hard to find.  AT&T had some in stock online and I got it from them.  As others have covered, the pairing was as simple as could be.  Unlock your phone, then open the AirPod case.  A screen pops up tell you their connected.  I popped them in very briefly to make sure they worked and then gave the case a charge.  Later, I took them to the gym, not because Im one of those guys that works out listening to music, but because I knew a friend would likely be calling and talking to her helps alleviate some of the monotony.  Previously, I would have just said Id call them back but these made a conversation easy.  When I got a call, I at first put just one in as I was still self-conious about how they look.  The audio quality was quite good.  I asked her how I sounded and she said I sounded good and wondered why I was asking...she thought I was speaking into my phone.  She said she could hear me very clearly.  A couple days later I took a call with both of the AirPods in and wow did it sound good.  Much better than EarPods ever did...and I even had the more expensive $75 ones Apple sells that fit more securely in your ear.  The new AirPods blew them out of the water.  I later watched some television and movies and was very impressed.  Bass response is really good and overall sound is great.  I dont understand some of the reviews that have said they sound the same as EarPods.  I think those reviewers should really get their hearing checked because the difference is very pronounced. But whats really nice is when youre done listening.  This would usually be the point where youd try to wind the cable in a way to not make it tangle or if you had other Bluetooth headsets, to find the charger.  But with these, you open the case and they pop right in without any finagaling.  The magnets kind of suck them in place.  And it autmorically starts charging them.  Ive found I can listen to them many times before needing to charge the case. All-in-all, I highly recommend these.  Oh, and as for aesthetics, I looked in the mirror and have now seen them on people in person and they look fine.  I think early reviewers made a big deal out of nothing.
So I had a Galaxy S8 exactly one year ago, but it was stolen. Luckily I had insurance and I was able to get a replacement of equal or lesser value. I decided to give Apple a try and ended up with the iPhone X. The phone itself isn’t an upgrade or a downgrade. But the products they make compatible with the phone (like these AirBuds) make me believe I’m going to stick with Apple and the iPhone series Pros: 1) Compatability: Instant connection to my iPhone as soon as I took them out of the box. I don’t have a MacBook, but it’s supposed to be a smooth transition between all products 2) THESE DONT FALL OUT. Believe me, I shook my head around, looking like an idiot, and they stayed in place. 3) The case: You charge the case and the case charges the headphones. Depending on how much you use them, you could go days without charging because both the buds and the case carry a charge 4) Cost (on Amazon): these are legit AirPods that are $15-20 than retailers such as Apple, Best Buy, or Wal-Mart 5) Sound: Much louder than the earbuds that used to come with the iPhone. Good bass and nice, rich sound. Best sound quality I’ve heard under $150 6) Features: automatically pauses when you take a Bud out, automatically plays when you put it back in. You can use them for hands-free calling with their built in microphone (yes it picks up your voice well). You can use Find My iPhone, and they’ll emit a sound if you lose them (either one). Cons (not a big issue): 1) Not water-proof. I haven’t had any problems with sweat yet, but I am extremely cautious around water. If it’s raining, you’ll need a hood or umbrella to be on the safe side 2) Not customizable (like many Apple products): I would like to see other colors. I’m not fond of white earphones. I’d rather have black, but that’s just my preference 3) Not fully hands-free: Can’t control volume on the pods. Need to pull out your phone or Apple Watch to control that All in all, it’s a good set. This is the first version, with a second likely coming out within a month. SPECULATION: Those are rumored to be water-resistant, sound isolating, and more integration with touch technology (volume control). If you want to wait for those, that might be a good idea. They probably will be more expensive, however, but that might drive down the price of these (maybe).
I absolutely LOVE these headphones. I was becoming embarrassingly OCD looking for the right bluetooth headphones. I sadly purchased 5 pairs or so before finally purchasing these. I hated to spend the money but after receiving a gift card from a friend I finally took the plunge. These are genuine Apple Air Pods. Everything about these are AMAZING. The sound, comfort, battery life, functionality. My biggest issue with my previous failed purchases was the sound quality and comfort. These have amazing sound. The low end is REALLY good for in ear headphones. No, they arent over the ear quality or Beats quality but they are indeed amazing. I just cant say enough about these Air Pods. Apple is brilliant. Highly, highly ..... highly recommend these.
Great!  Thanks!!!  As advertised!
Good
Great sound and design. Helps for those who  workout or active lifestyle. Depending on the fit might have to by ear AirPod holders to give you that snug fit.
I am a Apple fan. I love these Airbuds, they sound amazing and walk with no problems. Seems they stay in place when walking around town. They look kind of funny,black color would be a nice addition.
First time use cable charger today, but the cable not working!
Hasta ahora con poco uso, pero tienen buen sonido y el sistema en conjunto parece de muy buena caludad. Lo cargo en forma inalambrica con la Drift wireless charger case en el cargador dual de Zens sin problema
These are essential for iPhone users. They stay in almost all the time unless I’m working out in a way that involves gyration.
The efficiency of your delivery and the product
As I expected
Love these things, all other headphones have taken a back seat.
Ok
I was concerned about purchasing an apple product on Amazon. I don’t regret it. I love it!!
Best set of bluetooth earplugs Ibe bought so far, very pleased with quality of sound and the compatibility to apple iphone.
Great sound.  Easy to use
Battery is awesome! Sound could be better but it’s not terrible. I deliver parcel for Fed Ex, and after a 12 hour shift my overall battery life is still at 69%
I really like these. Very much worth the money, as the rip-offs have nothing but issues based on the reviews. These remain resting in my ear, regardless of the physical activity I conduct.
Amazingly smart connectivity with my iPhone
Best earbuds ever!!  How did I ever get along without them?  I can use them even if my phone is in another room. The case holds a charge for days. The sound quality is amazing.
These look amazing. These sound amazing. These are amazing. Battery life is great. Charging time is great. Comfort is great. They even have a find my iPhone feature in case you lose one of these tiny buggers. It has saved me already. Liked them so much I bought a pair for my friend too.
Awesome product! Stays in ears very well - way better than you would think. Able to make hands free calls while walking around. Lightweight, portable, chargeable. No way to turn up or down the volume with the Airpods, but you can manually do that on your phone or ask Siri to do it for you. Love them!
As described
Love it
Buy the real one! Its the best! Not the copycats, crappy Chinese stuff from Amazon.
Easy to setup and Apple quality.
Works as advertised!
Can not put these down. They are so amazing!! I go running, biking, traveling all with these headphones. I just love how there are no wires and they literally don’t fall out your ears!! (Unless your hair pulls it out)
What did I ever do without these?  Love them so much that I bought some for my son too. These are great!
Great Product, purchased for my son, he loves them.
I.love these airpods, best head set I have ever owned and I have owned one from most every manufacturer. Now with iOS 12 I can hear much better by using the live listen on my phone. I would recommend these to everyone, great sound, battery life is awesome and with the case you can recharge your airpod a couple of times with the case alone.
REAL apple airpods and high quality, it came in original plastic wrapping and apple box, never opened and I’m super happy by the quality
Love love love love love
Straight dope kid !!!
The Apple Airpods are an amazing product. The only hesitation I had on this product was the price. The ease of use and quality of this product are well worth the price of this item you will get your moneys worth with this product.  Though there are cheaper options on the market few compare to this quality product. Pairing your Airpods to your iPhone is a breeze, the integration of Siri, the charging case, along with sound quality that is better than I expected. I would highly suggest that any iPhone user owns a pair of these slick and convenient headphones.
Everyone is saying that these things are fake, but mines came real.
I head heard great things from my co workers and even though I have Sony over ear headphones, I got these for working out and such. They have lived up to the hype and connect seamlessly with my iPhone! Great range and they always stay in my ears. Working out with these instead corded headphones is 10x better! Battery life is good but not amazing - the portable floss sized container for charging is convenient.
I’m surprised at the quality of these, super high quality. The charge is extremely fast!
These are the best addition to the Apple lineup.
These deffinatly favor lower and mid range stuff, I listen to alot of classic rock and some songs deffinatly dont come through quite as well as my wired headphones, but if you enjoy songs with more thump and lower range sounds then these are for you. The fully wireless aspect does make up for the higher range crackling every now and then. Overall great headphones. Comfortable and quaint.
Good condition and the product itself sounds amazing and I use them almost everyday
This was a gift for my daughter and she really likes them. My fear was shed loose them as theyre so small. But its been months & she stills has them.  Wears them almost all the time and is impressed with the good quality sound they have.
Really cool, love it.
Best thing that i bought ever
I love my AirPods.  They sound very good.  They recharge quickly while in their hardshell case, and the case is compact and easily carried in a pocket.  As the AirPods run for hours on a charge, and can be recharged multiple times from the case before the case needs a charge, power has never been an issue for me.  I find them very comfortable to wear and have never had them fall out, even at the gym.  They also pair easily with with most Apple devices (a little more effort is required with devices that cannot take advantage of your Apple ID, including the Apple TV -- though that is to be addressed in the next TVOs I have heard).  However, they do not provide noise isolation.  They are an open ear design.  This increases comfort, and can be useful if you are using them walking about where it is important that you hear warning sounds (like on a city street), but it means you wont hear your music very well on the NYC subway, or a gym playing loud music of its own.  I just wish Apple had an in ear version available!
Opened up, they instantly connected, placed them in my ears, played music and instantly fell in love with the sound. I have jaybird x2 and came to a point where I had to get new ear foams.  Decided to get these instead.  No regrets.  These are amazing....even sound quality is better than the jaybirds.
Apple did an amazing job with these. Theyre so far ahead than all other Bluetooth headphones. First, its VERY hard to make separate buds without wire connection. Second, its VERY hard to make something this small last for hours and hours of listening. Im just amazed. Love how they pair up with all my devices automatically, even with older MacBook that doesnt have the M1 chip, that iPhone 7 has. They fit really great too, when the wired ones fall out of my ears. Not sure why, but maybe its the longer stem that weights down and keeps them in ear. Definitely worth this price!
Arrived  quickly, correctly  described.  Airpods are easy to link with your iPhone. The AirPods have very intuitive commands.  The AirPods were nicely packaged. I highly recommend the AirPods and the seller. 
I mainly just  bought these for microphone, hands-free and wireless calling without speakerphone, and working out. Are these benefits worth $160? No. Did I buy the AirPods anyway? Yup. Are they the best thing on the market for what I need? Yup. Are they fantastic at each of things I needs? The first two—absolutely. The third—Id prefer noise cancellation. So, 5/5, 5/5, 3/5—Ill give it a 5/5 and a "typically Apple-taxed but totally should get it anyway" like most of their products. YOLO.
easy to use
I spent the extra $60 or so to get these off Amazon immediately rather than waiting 8 weeks for Apple to have them in stock. I wanted to have a new pair of headphones for the gym and I was tired of the whole armband strap + headphones arrangement. I was reluctant given the price but also because I am in the tiny percentage of the population that gets headaches from Bluetooth headphones (yes, we exist). However, given the great reviews on the internet and my endless loyalty to Apple, I went for it. Im glad I did. These are very good headphones and Im happy to have them. First off, the setup is painless as many others have mentioned. You literally bring the Airpods in their case close to the iPhone which detects them and pairs. Then youre good to go. The battery lasts for a good long time, to the point where I dont really think about charging them or the battery running low. Usually Ill just hook them up to the charger once per week if Im at my desk. Im noticing that with the Airpods I tend to listen to podcasts more often rather than before, and I also keep them on before, during and after the gym rather than only using them during my workouts. I do still get small, subtle headaches from them, but thats because I suppose Im sensitive to Bluetooth. But its not so bad as to keep me from using them regularly. They stay in my ears no problem during most workouts, but I have noticed them starting to fall loose during both jump rope and kettlebell workouts. So I suppose anything when youre specifically going up and down quickly, be warned. Ive read that runners have no problems, but I cant do more than about 10 kettlebell swings before I can feel one of them falling out. Now I just take them out during KB/jump rope workouts. That being said, I only give them four stars since I think Apple could do better: * The default Siri double-tap command is annoying. I rarely use Siri; fortunately there is an option to change the double-tap to start/stop. * Apple should find a way to better utilize the touch control interface of the headphones. For example, perhaps if you slide your finger up or down the Airpod, the volume could go up/down. The tricky part here is when people just want to adjust their Airpod in their ear, but Im sure Apple can figure this out. * These should have a noise canceling option which would be totally amazing. For the price point that these sell, Im sure Apple can throw in the additional off-the-shelf technology to make them noise canceling. For now, I will continue to use my Bose QC20 headphones when I want some silence. Overall I really do like these headphones but I think Apple can do a little bit more to make them even better, hence the four stars rather than five.
I am nuts about headphones. As a former DJ, I know my headphones and have had everything from over-the-ear "cans" to the in-ear pods that come with your iPhone. I also have a set of the AYL 8 Bluetooth headphones and a set of Bose earbuds . One of the common things, for me, is that NOthing stays in my ears except the Bose because of all the different rubber ear pieces. I have big, weird ears and while I like in-ear earphones for music and podcasts, they all fall out and I spend as much time enjoying music or podcasts as I do pushing the blasted things back into my ears. Its truly a love-hate relationship with earbuds. Until the AirPods. Being an admitted Apple fan boy, I had to at least try these so I got a pair. They are, without a doubt, truly magical. Last night I sat on the couch and watched a movie and a bunch of video and it didnt take but a few moments for me to even forget they were there - it was as if the sound was just ambient. At no point did I have to fiddle with them to make sure they were in my ears at all. Ive also walked around with them outside, taking my pooch for a walk and I never was concerned that they were going to fall out. This makes no sense to me because the Apple earbuds that come with the phone are literally the WORST about staying in my ears, period. Ive put foam covers on them to help but I only have to take a few steps and Im shoving the dumb things back into my ears. The only reasons I use the earbuds that came with my iPhone 7+ is that I lose that stupid adaptor between the phone connector and my Bose earbuds from time to time and have to get the other ones out - the phone has no traditional headphone jack. Jack. These are literally the absolutely least intrusive, least fiddly earphones I have ever used and Ive used some of everything. You can read and see elsewhere how easily they pair with an iPhone - I also have them paired with my Mac Mini and I just am blown away. Sound quality is good but convenience is second to none. These truly are the most magical earbuds ever.
very good purchase
I bought these directly from Apple at a better price than this current Amazon seller. Even the Apple price is high compared with other Bluetooth headphones, but theyre better. Ive also tried the Rowkin Mini Plus+ Bluetooth earbuds, but I wasnt pleased with the sound, especially the bass response. The first thing I noticed about the Apple Airpods ... well, after I noticed how easily they connected to my iPhone 7 and my iWatch, was the sound. The bass response is great ... well, the sound is great! I like a lot of the features ... the case that charges them ... the double-tap to access Siri ... take one out and the music pauses ... some nice features and options. But did I mention that the sound is great?
awesome
I bought these from apple and they connect fast the battery life is long and they sound awesome lots of bass!!
so goog so nice
I have only used these 4 times for about an hour, total, but Ive gone through the whole program of charge, setup, distance test, different types of music, stability in the ears, etc. They are excellent, with surprisingly full-bodied sound. I have had a number of Bluetooth earbuds, including collars, etc, and while the LG 730s are quite good for the money, they dont have anything on the Airpods excepting one thing: these Airpods are very cool, but like everything Apple sells (and Ive owned/own an embarrassing number of Apple products starting in 1983) they are expensive! Not nearly as expensive as this listing, however. Given the ease of use, the sound, the minimalist design, charging setup, and no wired earbud, Im going to give them 5 stars as an opening bid:-)
These AirPods are the best!
Design / Concept * The case itself is this neat little dental floss looking thing that houses and charges the AirPods while they are stored inside * The case also acts as a power bank to the AirPods adding an additional 12 hours of use. * It’s really small, compact, well built and the concept is actually pretty amazing * It keeps the AirPods secure by magnetically holding them in place * And at the bottom, you can charge this with a lightning connector * If you are on one of the newer MacBooks and want to use your laptop to charge this, then you’re going to need a dongle When you want to use these * Just simply flip the lid, take them out of the case and stick them in your ears * There’s no on and off switch, they just start working when the sensors on these detect that they are on you, and it also stops when you take them out of your ears Sound * In terms of how they sound, they are pretty good in a less noisy environments as this has no noise canceling features * They are similar to how the EarPods sound, but I think the bass sounds better and it’s a bit louder and equal volume settings * These are definitely no match for the QC30s from bose in terms of sound and noise cancelation, but the AirPods are much simpler to use and pair thanks to the W1 chip and much more portable Overall * Overall I think the price is good for what these are for $159 and these will definitely pave way to future wireless headphones thanks to the W1 chip * If these arent your thing, there’s a lot of other great wireless headphones out now.
I love these as much as my first iPhone.  They are a delight in every respect.  They work beautifully.  They pair easily.  The sound is great.  The range is more than adequate and they dont drop out.  Based on some of the negative reviews, I was expecting to find problems with them.  I havent found any.  I just love them and I already want another pair.  Buy them.  Youll love them.
If you love apple EarPods than these are a dream come true. They pair simply by opening their case, the battery lasts way longer than youd expect, and they charge in the case faster than youd expect. Mine charge in minutes. These are game changers. I use mine for sales calls, Im on the phone all day so letting in ambient noise is a good thing so I can hear my own voice. If youre a sound-buff, get Bose or beats. If you value convenience and not having a tangled cord, these will change your life. No joke. They are amazing. Buy them. Immediately.
These are the first Apple product that I believe is revolutionary, truly magical in many years. I have used almost every "truly wireless" Bluetooth headset that is on the market. These a more than just "better" these are to wireless Bluetooth earbuds what the iPhone was to smart phones when it was first released. Especially when paired with Apple products, setup is so simple that it "just works". I was listening to music within 10 seconds of opening the package. Using iCloud, the AirPods appear automatically on all of my devices. I can pair to non-apple devices too (just not quite as magically, but still super easy). This pairing process is cumbersome and annoying for all other in ear wireless earphones I have tried. Apple blows them all away. The AirPods can works in both ears or one ear at a time, and they are the first that I have tried that actually can do this, do it consistently, and do it well. I love it, if I am listening to music and need to engage in a conversation, I just pull one out and the music automatically pauses. I can then decide to continue playing music (or phone conversation) in the one AirPod that remains in my ear or not. When I put the other one back in, stereo automatically resumes, seemless and without any effort. Sound quality is not an issue; its not incredible but no earbud is. Its not going to compete with a 400 headphone (for best sound quality, by the way, I do recommend the Bowers and Wilkins P7 wireless), but no earbud wired or wireless is going to be much better; many are worse. For phone conversations, I have not had a single complaint from people I talk to on these and I have spent many hours on the phone using these. When I get a phone call, I just tap on my cheek to automatically answer it. I can hear clearly and so can the person Im talking to. I have not used a better Bluetooth headset for phone calls. My only complaint is the controls. Controls require Siri which is just annoying for me most of the time. I can double tap my cheek and say "next track" or "pause" or whatever. But this process takes at the fastest about 5 seconds which is no shorter than just reaching into my pocket and grabbing the phone or using my AppleWatch. They need gesture support and that will likely come in a future product...I hope.
--Will They Fit?-- First and foremost as long as the regular Apple Ear Pods fit in your ear these Air Pods will fit in your ear, if the Ear Pods don’t you may want to keep looking for different head phones. --Set Up-- I got the Air Pods from Best Buy. Opened up the packaging (Lightning Cable Included) I pulled out the Air Pod Box and popped the lid open, immediately my phone connected to the air pods, I pulled the Air Pods out placed them in my ears and music began playing very very simple. If the headphones do not connect there is a small circle button on the back of the Air Pod Box just press and they will quickly sync with ease. --Audio Quality— Isn’t anything amazing but it’s not poor after all these are not ear buds that go in your ear canal and theyre not over ear headphones, so quality can only go so far in a pair of ear buds. They are on par with the regular Ear Pods maybe slightly better. --Use-- I tried these out at the gym for my Chest work out (My Beats Studio’s try and fall off my head when I do dumb bell bench press), they stayed in my head the entire workout, overall they were fine for the gym, and I couldn’t drown out ALL of the clinging and clanging and music the gym played like my beats could, but It was easier nicer to not worry about headphones falling of my head. I still prefer the Beats for all my other work outs. I’d prefer Air Pods for Running and abs work outs. One of the nifty features is if you pull one headphone out it pauses your music, and when you put it back in it resumes playing. You can also double tap either Air Pod with your finger to activate Siri, you can also change what the double tap feature does in the Bluetooth settings (Only 3 Options;Siri, Pause/Play, and nothing), I changed my double tap to pause/play music. So If you want to skip a song you need to do it in your phone or ask siri to do it. I hope in the future apple lets us skip with double click, pause with a single click and go back with a triple click (I fear Apple did this to try and make us use Siri). If you only want to use one headphone that works too, just leave the other one in the Air Pod Box. --Overall— They are good head phones, they are not amazing, but the simplicity is what makes them nice. At home, Cleaning, Working out, in the office going for a jog or lying in bed, they are good! I am giving it 4/5 Stars, the price point should be $130, skipping songs should NOT be done with Siri or by picking up your phone.
I love it. The price was too expensive that in apple site but I dont have wait to much
Works and sounds amazing. Now be aware that if you dont like using the earbuds from apple, you wont like these.  But if you do, youll love them. You can get the silicone skins for added fit and security. just cut holes around the sensors. bought some and they helped the sound a little bit more. Also, for $160, they are well worth it compare to other leading brands. those brand are more expensive and barely sound as good, if not, worse.
Just perfect. Works as Apple promised.
Absolutely love these and I paid a premium for them .Great sound and ease of use also very light in my ears just received yesterday evening .Going to try them out at the gym later today.I highly recommend these!Apple will sell a lot of these as more people get them.
What I like: 1. Sound is great - best of any headphones (earbud style) Ive ever owned 2. The charging case - what a brilliant idea! I wear them a lot, and I only have to charge the case about ever 3 days - takes up hardly any space as well 3. It switches between all of my Apple devices so easily - probably my favorite feature. Very quick switch from phone, to iPad, to MacBook 4. Theyre very light - you hardly notice youre wearing them What I dont like: 1. The price - $169 is steep for headphones. I knew that Id buy these because I do enjoy most of Apples inventions. But for those on the fence, my bet is that if you bought them with the intentions of trying them out for a week and possibly returning them, that youd keep them. Theyre simply the most convenient pair of headphones Ive ever owned.
Awesome now I can listen to music or an audio book in one ear while working. Very versatile and stay in when at the gym, around the office, pretty much all over. Put one in the ear and the other in my friends ear and she went upstairs and never lost signal. The range on these are amazing. Apple has really outdone themselves. Call quality impeccable. Before airpods I got the you are breaking up I cant hear you a lot now I havent had a single client ask me to speak up. Awesome but definitely only pay the $159 for these. Cant wait til second gen version.
Great
Yes the price is high. But did not want to wait. And Im glad I did, love them
Buy direct for Apple for $150.  Amazing sound, instantly and easy connectivity, long battery life, and dont fall out.
These things stay in, have solid battery life, and having Siri available without looking at the phone is great.  Much better product than anything else on the market.
I would give it 5 stars for quality, but 2 stars for cost. Most of these electronic items will last me 1 year. So that is a high unit cost factored against $250.00. But it is handy and of good quality.
Just dont know why people left 1 star for this great wireless headset which they dont even own it! if you have ios device , The airpod is the only one in the market can give you fastest pairing/ charging also with great sound quality.
The review below is based on  my usage scenarios: audiobooks and voice calls on iPhone 6s+ and iPhone 7+. These AirPods work very well on both iP6s+ and iP7+. I got them from Apple online before they were available on Amazon. I highly recommend them. Pro’s: - Solid bluetooth connection: Stability: rock solid. Only ~0.1%  cut out when my iP7+ of iP6s+is somewhere on my body (better that any bluetooth headset I tried). Connection establishment: With iPhone7+ quicker due to W1 chip. Also easily possible with iP6s+. Range: Up to ~15 meters and around walls. I can walk around my house (2 levels, 1400 sf) with my iPhone7+ left next to computer downstairs and enjoy stable bluetooth connection. - Quality of voice: As good as Earpods (wired headset). - Fit in ear: Comfortable and stable but not tight/sealed and therefore some background noise does come in, which makes it a perfect listening/calling tool when driving.  I like that Airpods  do not generate heat and sweat around ears as around-the-ear headphones do (such as my MW60). I and my wife like the fit and feel in our ears better than how my Powerbeats3 feel. This perception might be different for other people/anatomy, but these AirPods fit our ears very well, better than Powerbeats3 and MW60. - The Siri voice command "skip forward/back x minutes" works effectively in podcasts and audiobooks - Double tap on left Airpod to activate Siri is 100% effective and better that "Hi Siri" on Powerbeats3 - Water-resistant! My Airpod fell out of ear into water, stayed 2 min. submerged before I could fish it out, dry up with a paper-towel - and the Airpod worked again as before the dive! - "Find Airpods" feature helps find left of right or both Airpods if in the bluetooth range (e.g. in a house). - Firmware update process implemented. Cons: - They do fall out of ears when we move our heads quickly (bending or turning) therefore not best for all workout (treadmill and walking ok) - Not the best to use on a plane due to poor external noise isolation and lack of audio cable to connect to onboard entertainment system - Remaining battery level is not being displayed continuously in the upper right iPhone corner as is the case with other Bluetooth 4.1 headsets such as MW60 and PBP. Instead there is an option to swipe up from the bottom, then swipe right, then press the bottom row and then to see the remaining battery level. A minor inconvenience IMO. - Bluetooth version not published in tech spec. - Not published if class 1 (300 feet) or class 2 (33 feet) radio supported. Relevant for the "find my Airpods" feature (ios 10.3).
No these arent the original price. I payed about $100 more than the originals with shipping, and everything. I am not about to wait two month for Apple to ship them to me. If you got the money then buy them go for it as you wont be disappointed since these are top quality Apple headphones. Dont have the money? Cool. Go complain somewhere else. Ill be enjoying these AirPods two months sooner than expected.
These are amazing, dont fall out of ear or anything
I bought from Apple--for the regular price of $159--and I love them!  They are very secure in my ears, though obviously everyone is different...  theyre so light that I forget Im wearing them.  But, honestly, its the little things that make these awesome:  pairing; pauses when you remove one; you can switch to just using one or vice-versa seamlessly; the awesome and small case;  volume is louder than any BT Ive used before.  Also, theyve not once dropped connection/skipped as others do!  They do look kinda odd, but their utility makes up for it in spades!  They are also a relatively inexpensive choice in the "premium " earbud market...
These are a quintessential Apple product. It really is magical when you open the box with that satisfying plastic peeling, take the packet of paper warranty information and apple stickers (if they are even there) out of the way and get to the product. You see them for the first time and just think that they look so much better than the media portrayed them to be months ago when they were announced. You take the dental floss looking charging case and open them up, and they definitely feel weighty and satisfying. You take the AirPods out and try them on. They are definitely more solid feeling than their EarPod counterparts. You dont even notice but your iPhone already detected the AirPods when you opened the case. With a short press of the button on the back youre synced. Put them in your ears and start playing a song and you immediately notice the lows are much better than EarPods. I know a lot of reviews online say they sound just like EarPods; Im here to tell you they dont. The sound has more oomph and the base is more pleasing. Listening to podcasts or music, they are a joy because they are so small and lightweight and easy to use. I can keep them in my pocket or throw them in my bag and always have them with me. People say the best camera is the one you have in your pocket and these are no different in the sense of earbuds. I even stopped using my Bang & Olufsen H7 headphones which have amazing clarity and performance for a bluetooth set of headphones. Pros: Lightweight Small Pretty great sound for purely wireless earbuds Magical Cons: Cost
What can I say these things are magical compared to the rest.. Charge at night, listen till lunch, insert in case at lunch for 15 minutes and there fully charged and ready to rock on till the sunsets. Want to listen to music all day at work, this is the ticket! Yes they do look dorky but who cares… The only concern I have is comfort only time will tell.
I ordered a pair of these from Apple, really enjoy them A+ BUT they cost $160 @ Apple, Sad the Amazon lets these be so overpriced like this!!!
Speedy delivery! I bought them for my boyfriend who loves to listen to audiobooks and podcasts he loves them! Says they work perfectly best birthday gift ever! Def recommend this seller and AirPods. Came in the sealed from the Apple Store!!!!
Worth every penny, even if costs just a lil more! This product is going to be revolutionary! Its the next phase in the evolution of smartphones!
Easy, Smart, Quality, and a Pretty Amazing Sound. (I am writing this from the perspective of someone who has an iphone. I will admit that I do not know how easily these pair with a non apple device.) Ill do this review by posing the questions that I had about these when they were announced and stating the answer after I have used them for a few weeks. Question 1:  Are they Easy to use? Wired Earbud earphones are not complicated. You plug them in, you put them in your ears and they work. Apple made an earbud that is easier than a wired earbud, with no wires. Thats pretty amazing. It could not be any easier, you simply pull them out of the case and they work. Your iphone recognizes them and automatically pairs them with your device. They even know when they are in your ears and will pause when you pull them out.  It just doesnt get any easier or smarter. Once they are paired with your iphone, they are automatically also recognized by your ipad and macbook.  Thats a great touch. If the question is: Are they easy? the answer is that they truly are easier to pair than I ever would have imagined. They set a new bar for ease of pairing. Obviously the next question is: Question 2: How easy are they to control? There are no buttons. The only gesture that they respond to is a double tap. This is where I imagine that Apple will improve on these. When they were first released you could choose whether a double tap would turn on Siri, or whether it would play or pause your music. I spent some time with the Siri feature enabled because the unwritten gesture for pausing your music becomes pulling one of the airpods out of your ear. This would also pause your music. On Sept 19th 2017, Apple updated the controls so that now a double tap on the right airpod can do something different than the one on the left. Now you can have your right one set to play/pause and your left set to skip to the next track.  Or you can have a play/pause feature on one and activate Siri on the other. The obvious improvement will be when Apple can find a gesture to control volume. Right now, for volume you would need to use your phone or watch to increase or decrease your volume. I imagine that Apple will tweak gestures to have some triple-tap feature or double tap and hold feature to control volume. If the question is: how smart are these?  There is obvious room for more gestures, but lets be realistic: These things are smarter than any earbud out there already. Question 3:How do they Really Sound? Apple made some claims about how great they sound. And of course, sound quality is mostly subjective. Some people prefer a ton of bass, some people like a warm tone while others really value clarity. If you are trying to compare these to big bulky audiophile headphones, you are probably being a bit unreasonable. But lets compare these to other earbuds.  I have some boss powerbeats 3 bluetooth earbuds, as well as the earpods that came with the phone as well as some bose soundsport earbuds. As far as clarity goes, the Airpods are by far the most clear of this group. They are substantially more clear than earpods, and they very surprisingly will give you more volume than the others.  The powerbeats have substantially more bass, but are a lot less clear and articulate. The Bose are the closest as far as clarity goes but they are not nearly as loud, and while they sound a bit more full and warm, they have about the same amount of bass as the airpods. The airpods are at a disadvantage over the powerbeats as far as bass goes because the powerbeats are made to fit tightly in your ear canal. Airpods deliver a more full bass sound when you have them more firmly in place, but they really arent made to fit tightly. The great news for the airpods is that the sound is very clear and does not distort at loud volumes and is still a full sound while not needing to fit perfectly tight in your ear canal. I am more than impressed with how clear and loud these things are. I suppose that they could sound better if they were designed with some sort of rubber appendage that fits snugly in your ear. This would probably deliver more bass. Question 4: Dont they just fall out and get lost? I suppose this question is subjective too. I imagine that some people have different sized ears that hold the airpods differently. I have jogged with mine in, I have worked with them in.  While I will admit that they certainly could come out easier than other types of earbuds, I have not had one problem. I wear a beanie when I play golf and jog and the bottom of the earbud where the microphone is hangs below the edge of the beanie perfectly. I love the design. Question 5: How does the Microphone Sound? I have talked to a friend while his airpods are in and I can not tell that he is not directly talking into his phone. They sound fantastic. Question 6: How is the Battery Life? To be honest, I have not run out of battery ever yet. As soon as I take them out, I put them in their case and when I put them back in, they are fully charged. Having the case charge the airpods is really smart and handy. I wear my airpods for the first 1-2 hours of the day and went a week without charging the case and every day when I put them in, they still said 100% on the airpods. Overall: Without a doubt, these airpods get 5 stars from me.  They are easy to use, easy to pair, smartly designed, feel like great quality, well designed case and charger, with remarkable sound. Are they perfect? No.  But its a great product without being perfect. It does more than any other earbud that I have ever tried and it is small and easy to deal with. I imagine that future upgrades will include more gestures. As they are, they are well worth the $ for me.
They have good sound quality. As a telephone theyre excellent - Ive made dozens of calls and asked people on the other end of the line how my voice sounds and they always say "excellent." The charging case is great. When the battery gets low on the AirPods, pop one of them in the charger for 5 minutes.  Then pop the other one in for 5 minutes. Boom both AirPods ready for another hour or two. They have never fall out through 15+ hours of use. Side effect - u will occasionally get a funny look from people whove never seen them before.
After using the AirPods for several hours a day for a month, theres a lot to like about Apples first foray into truly wireless headphones. I used the AirPods just one bud at a time while listening to music/podcasts and for short phone calls in an office setting. I purchased these at Best Buy, so unfortunately this will not be a true "verified" review. ----- Pros: Bluetooth Connection: Due to Apples W1 chip, the bluetooth connection is very strong, seemingly up to and beyond 30-50 feet. I was able to walk downstairs in a building and still maintain connection while my iPhone was still on the second floor. Also, the phone reception seems strong as whenever I was on the phone people generally heard me fine. Auto Stop: If youre listening to music and you remove one of the buds, whatever youre listening to will stop automatically due to sensors in the buds. Ive used this feature countless times, especially whenenver someone starts a conversation with me while Im listening to music while sitting at my desk. Now I just remove the buds(s) and I dont have to worry about fumbling around for the "pause" button either on my headphones or iPhone. Single Pod: I nearly always use the AirPods just one bud at a time, both in an effort to conserve battery life and to be more aware of my surroundings. This is a huge plus for me, since Im used to the neckband-style headphones in which one of the buds was never used (and usually just dangled down the front of my shirt). Also a plus is that theres a microphone in both buds, rather than just a single one. Case: An underrated element of the AirPods is the thing that you dont actually put in your ears. Its the charging case. This thing will always be by your side, because once you take one of the buds out, theres nowhere to put it without risk of losing it. The buds magnetically lock into place in the case, so once theyre in, theyre not going anywhere, even with the case lid open. The case itself could feel a little sturdier as youll almost want to buy a case for your case, but its a great way to keep both pods and the charging system all in one little package thats barely larger than a pack of floss. Charging: Whenever you put the buds in the case, theyll automatically start changing. And these things charge fast. I placed one bud in the case once its battery life was down to 11% remaining and in exactly 10 mins it was already up to 77%. You do have to charge the case itself occasionally, but as long as you have the case around, the 5-hour battery life will never become an issue. Pairing: Thanks to Apples W1 chip, these are the easiest bluetooth headphones to pair for iOS devices. For intial pairing, simply open the top of the charging case next to your iOS device, tap "connect" on the popup, and thats it. No messing around in the Settings section of your device, no holding a combination of buttons a certain number of seconds. And everytime after that, simply remove the bud(s) from the case, place it in your ear, and youll be automatically connected. Convenience: This might be the AirPods biggest pro. Im not sure the convenience of a truly wireless experience and automatic pairing can be overstated. Being able to pop a single bud in your ear, have it connect automatically, and almost always have a full battery is like magic. Taking the headphones off and not having to turn them off/on is also a nice cherry on top. Fit/Comfort/Audio Quality: I have this listed as both a pro and a con. Simply put, these arent the most comfortable or best-fitting set of headphones. The one-size-fits-all approach means these are going to fit similarly to the Apple Earbuds that come for free with every iPhone, and theyre going to sound basically identical. However, I will say that despite what it looks like, these things arent going to fall out of your ears (even if they may feel like it at times), and they sound good enough for being truly wireless. Ambient noise is inevitable since they arent noise-cancelling and arent shoved deep into the eardrum, but thats a personal plus for me. I also find the buds sometimes rubbing up against my beard, creating a bit of a popping noise, so Ill have to readjust when that happens. ----- Cons: Fit/Comfort/Audio Quality: See above. Price: These things arent cheap. $160 for headphones that sound similar to the same pair that you received for free with your last iPhone? Youre not really paying for premier sound quality as much as youre paying for the convenience factor. Lack of Physical Controls: There are no physical controls on the AirPods, so if you want to skip a track or change volume, youll have to do on your actual iOS device. However, you can use the AirPods to play/pause or call up Siri, which brings me to.... The Double-Tap: This might be my biggest gripe with the AirPods - the double-tap should work while wearing an AirPod and giving it two sharp taps, which will either summon Siri or play/pause (depending on your settings). But it doesnt work for me a lot of the time and I resort to making these changes on my iPhone. I hope that the AirPods 2 or a software update either improves the double tap, or allows for some new gesture controls that make it easier to change volume, skip track, etc. Color: Yes, the white is Apples bread-and-butter color, but it would have been nice to have a space gray/black option like the iPhone lineup. Fragility/Wax Buildup: Fragile might be the wrong word, but I live in fear of dropping an AirPod in the street, down a sewer grate, or anytime I get up and start walking around. Irrational perhaps, but the neckband headphones do provide a sense of security. I also find myself carrying around a microfiber cloth and cotton swab to clean off the AirPods whenever I take them off, since these things get ear wax on them just like the Earpods. ----- All in all, Ive enjoyed the AirPods. The auto pairing, the convenience,  the case, the sound quality, and the lack of wires all contribute to a great product. They could be better (physical controls, shorter stem, more color options, maybe $15-20 less expensive, a comply eartip version). If youre looking for something with similar features, but you want more bass, longer battery, then check out the BeatsX. I almost went with that option, but I really didnt want to deal with any more wires. I recommend these over neckband headphones, especially in a office setting. For truly wireless headphones, these are among the best in the market, especially if you already live in the Apple ecosystem.
Friendly reminder: the whole review is based on MacbookAir early 2015 and iPhone 6S Plus September 23, 2017 Update: A couple of weeks ago I started to feel the stuttering that most AirPod owners claimed to have. It happened most on my MacBook Air, but occasionally and it became more often (and so annoying) at the point that it became almost unusable. Well, I waited for the iOS 11 update, after I updated my iPhone to the new OS, I forgot my AirPods on my iPhone and turned off every iDevice I had (a recipe well known in case you have stuttering) from the bluetooth settings and re paired them, then the stuttering completely stopped (note that the stuttering happened during iPhone idle while commuting), BUT here comes a new huge problem for us: the stuttering continues but in this case, while entering in multitasking mode or using Facebook app or change from one app to other ( including going to home searching the app, and when entering the app even the screen have a millisecond black stutter along with the AirPods). It is now safe to say (because I was afraid that the AirPods where the issue) that the iOS is now having a hard time using audio swapping between apps. Still struggling with no having isolation but still enjoyable experience, the fact that I dont feel a cable around my neck and having afraid to look on my left or right (which in other older bluetooth earphone I had) is pure heaven, this alone worth it all. September 7, 2017 Update: Im taking out 1 star because of the following: Siri doesnt work in the street or 80dB (up to 92dB and possibly above) ambient noise when saying "hey Siri", it doesnt work in most cases in quiet environments and Ive tried in every single angle to see if the mic orientation was the problem, it wasnt... So, this is unfortunate because its useful to have Siri helping you, its like the lottery combined with Bloody Mary, you say up to 3 or 5 times and theres the chance Siri hears you or not hahaha, but anyway, keep that in mind. And, sound isolation in the environments posted in the first paragraph update, is absolutely none, so if you dont mind going into the loud street and add to that your airpods (saturating your ears and possibly harming them in the long run) its still for you, but for everything else, I stand on my original review. Original Review: Well, I dont know whats the massive complain about these, THEY ARE PERFECT! The sound is truly incredible for a true wireless pair of earphones! And yes it lacks the "profound sound" but its achievable (sort of) with Now, I bought and its a bit hard to install it but you can still put your AirPods inside the case with these (I saw other reviews that they couldnt I dont know why but they should try again), they are matte black and they are perfect body protectors! it comes with a spare and a code for a replacement. You must be aware that it may be a hassle that for every time you take them off to put em into the case, youll have to take off the ear hooks. It isnt an issue for me, and it shouldnt be an issue nor hassle for you either. The ear hooks comes in small and large sizes inside the package, so you have some options and give to your bud/gal the extra pair. Im a musician and the only thing that lacks is (again) some depth in sound, other than that, the quality of the sound is top notch, the volume is more than enough for me (remember, our ears are the most mistreated body part, take care of it and give it the right volume, not too high, not too low), the bass is quite amazing, the middles too, the highs are well balanced, and the fit are just perfect for my ears, they dont fall (Im sport guy too). I had PLENTY of bluetooth headphones and earphones since 2010 and none of those got the sound quality of these and I AM PICKY regarding sound because I need to "see" (actually hear, but you get the picture) every instrument, every tone, every chord and string so I can improve them and these give me exactly what Im looking for and believe it or not, its quite accurate in most cases. I know and I am truly aware that having expensive stuff dont give you the expected outcome and I got exactly that with all my previous bluetooth and corded headphones/earphones. Its like a lottery and believe me, I felt I got the lottery with these!
The wired EarPods that come included with every iPhone seem to fit everyone but me. I cant turn my head without one falling off, let alone run with them. Several weeks ago, a friend brought a pair of AirPods and handed one of the two to let me listen in on his phone call and I was instantly surprised at how it didnt fall off my ears, even while I was jumping up and down vigorously. I placed an order immediately and now, after using them for about a week, I am very happy with the purchase. Pairing is as easy as turning on bluetooth and opening the case next to an unlocked iPhone and hitting the connect button. So fast and simple, if youve ever paired any other bluetooth device, you would not believe the process. The case doubles as a charger and fits in the coin pocket of your jeans. You can also use these with your Apple TV via bluetooth for late night action movies.
Good deal  and perfect shipping timing from send to receive
First off, I have many nice audiophile cans (Bose, Sennheiser, Sony, etc.), and have bought maybe 20 different earphones (including Beats, Klipsch, Sonys, Apple) over the last 10 years.  If you just want to listen to music loudly and with deep bass, buy the Sony Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones.  I have those and love them, but I dont like to walk around with huge cans on my head all the time.  These Airpods are my favorite Apple product in a long while.  To me, they are the best discrete, walking-around-town earphones Ive ever used.  The pairing is the real technological breakthrough, and these are so effortless that I am amazed every time I put them in and hear the confirmatory chime.  You really just never have to think about it.  I can also quickly pair to my computer, if I am switching tasks, and it works similarly seamlessly.  Also, the carrying case is very sleek and strangely addictive to open and close.  The whole design and feel is very nice.  The battery life is never an issue.  Stated simply, it just works. The earphones themselves are very light and fit very well, to my ear.  I take them on runs and they do not fall out, partly because they are so light and there is no chord pulling down on them.  But my main purpose is listening to music, books, and podcasts while walking to and from work, eating lunch, grocery shopping, etc.  For this, they are amazing.  I can pull one out when Im on an elevator and need to talk to someone, automatically pausing the audio.  It immediately recommences right when I put it back in.  If Im wearing a beanie, nothing shows. After having many, many earphones, I like the Apple design because it allows some ambient noise and airflow to get into my ear.  Personally, Ive decided that the silicone earphones that fit exactly create a ringing in my ear and may more quickly lead to hearing loss.  Plus, it is good to be able to hear a car right next to you or a person talking. The sound on these is similar to the Apple earbuds that come included, however the sound is powered by a battery, which creates an observable difference.  The powered sound is louder and more robust.  The bass is good on normal tracks, but clips on bass-heavy tracks.  Id say it is more monitor-like than EQd for Electronic or Rap music, but I enjoy listening to music on them.  If I really want a headphone listening experience, I use the Sony Extra-Bass sets, or my Sennheiser Momentums. Dont pay more than $160 for these.  I got them from the Apple store.  They get shipments periodically, so just check with them.  After all of my experiences with headphones/earphones, I think this is a relatively fair price.  The part that always breaks, and the reason why I have bought so many earphones, is the cord.  My experience with headphones that dont have to rely on a chord is that they last longer.  I am hoping that will be true here. Anyway, I dont do many reviews, but I think these earphones fit my unique needs very, very well.  If you have similar needs, I would highly suggest them.
I love these airpods!! They were used but worked just fine.
Absolutely the best earphones Ive ever used. Seem a little lost not being tied down with a cord but Ive hardly noticed these in my ears.
I received my Airpods from the Apple store about a week ago, and I have had them in heavy usage since. It took about 6wks to get to me, due to the high demand for these. These wireless earbuds are every bit as good as promised. I bought them to replace an LG bluetooth headset for my Samsung Galaxy Note5. I also use them on my ipad. On Android, they do not have all the cool new features like the siri double tap or pausing media when you take them out of your ear. But they are every bit as good as any other bluetooth/android integration, with the added huge benefit of being tiny fully wireless earbuds. On my ipad, all of the Apple-specific features work great. In other words, if you want to use these on Android devices, these are awesome! If you want to use these on Apple devices, they are even better. They dont fall out of my ears at all, even during vigorous work outs. I can shake my head in all directions and they stay put nicely. Battery life is superb, both in the buds and definitely in the case. Sound quality is better than I expected -- better than stock Apple wired earbuds for sure. The #1 advantage of these is that the connection to both earbuds is *rock solid*!! I have other brands wireless earbuds where one or both earbuds cut out from time to time (making them annoying and worthless in my opinion). These Apple airpods dont have that problem. The only time Ive had them cut out is when the battery eventually died after a full days use. I would certainly recommend these, if youre willing to pay the extra $$ to get em.
Delivered faster than promised and exactly as stated.  Excellent seller.  I would give six stars if possible.  And the headphones are incredible too
They have great sound fit more comfortably than the EarPods do for me.  The system for storing and charging them is good because they are less likely to get lost.  I just wish they made soft covers for them because after a while, my ears do get a little sore.  They are also very pricey, but that is normal for any Apple product.  Are they the best overall? They have the best sound for all the earphones I own but for long periods of listening, I still prefer the old-fashioned over the ear, over the head, style headphones.  The AirPods do beat those in ear buds with the round knob for comfort.
Although the one I bought from Amazon got lost in the mail, and I subsequently got one from Ebay, I feel compelled to write this review.  All I can say, is yes, its expensive, but even if it cost three times as much, it would still be a bargain.  I will never ever want to be without them again.  They work seamlessly with all my IOS devices, and you can listen to your audiobook or whatever anywhere, as no one can hear the sound but you.  (I confess we have a very boring preacher at church, but now I can go to church with my long hair covering my airpods, and not be bored for a second.)  Mine has also suffered some abuse already, including a dunk in the water, but they remain pristine and keeps on working.  I am definitely going to get a spare set in case I lose these.  I would recommend getting a strap like the Spigen TEKA, seeing as mine does  fall out of my ears every now and then.  The sound, of course, is absolutely superb.  It works well with the phone function with an excellent microphone.  Dont wait anymore,  BUY THEM! You will be so glad you did
good seller good price
Absolutely almost perfect, only two problems. One: this seller ripped us off with this jacked up price. I shouldve waited until Apple got more in inventory. I debated returning it but Im so attached and my other headphones are broken so they win just this time. Two: you cant change volume manually like on EarPods. You have to ask Siri to do it and she only lowers or increases it by like one bar. You also cant pause it from the headphones themselves unless you take one off, which in that case you would lose it. Luckily I had these straps to attach to it. Other than that I love it. Quality is better than EarPods. Get it from Apple and save yourself money. Dont be lazy and impatient like me.
I ordered my Airpods from Apple on 12/28/16 for $159, and they arrived on 2/13/17. It may be frustrating to wait that long, but part of the reason is that bottom-feeders like the sellers overcharging for them here are buying up stock as soon as it is available and making an easy profit by gouging YOU. Supply will catch up with demand much faster if you refuse to pay more than $159 for them. That being said, I love these Airpods. They have very good sound quality, pair instantly with my iPhone and Macbook, are comfortable, and stay in my ears. I wore them for 5 hours doing yard work, and they did not come loose at all. Battery life is very good, and after 5 hours, the Airpods had 5% left. After about 10 hours of use, the case is still near 50% charged. The airpods charge very quickly in the case.
Let me start by saying, I am not an Audiophile. These are honestly the greatest pair of headphones I have ever owned. They sound great, ever so slightly better then the the standard EarPods, which I thought already sounded pretty good. However, these come with a ton of features, which when announced sounded gimmicky, but in use are amazing. The "remove" from ear to pause has come in handy more then once. Despite having to use Siri for Volume control, which is annoying, but for everything else Double Tap for Siri is quite useful, and I find Siri to be more accurate then using my phone or even laptop. Despite what all the haters say, who havent tried them, the AirPods do not fall out of your ears (you millage may very because everyones ears are different). They are very light weight, and very durable. I take my dogs on 5 mile walks, and not once have I worried about getting sweat in the AirPods or have I worried about them falling out, actually I am even more confident they wont fall out. I also really enjoy that they do not have a cable because I do not have to worry about it catching on my coat/hoodie or getting caught on a door nob, and do not have to worry about my dogs pulling them out (which they have done with the standard EarPods). I Purchased these through Apple.
Truly state-of-the-art technology is indistinguishable from magic. Naturally, I purchased mine directly from Apple for $159, they arrived in 2 days.  Its unfortunate that Amazon is so hostile towards Apple. Fortunately, Apple has the same day shipping, I often get my Apple items in just a couple of hours. Unlike most Bluetooth products, connecting Airpod to your iPhone is extremely simple, it took about 10 seconds!  The sound is very good. As good as any wired earbuds Ive ever had. However, I still think Apple made a mistake by eliminating the headphone jack on iPhone 7.  On 2 recent airline flights we were instructed to put our devices into airplane mode and we were specifically told this included all Bluetooth.  So, ONLY people with wired headphones could continue to use them. Airpod is a wonderful product, that Im very satisfied with. The only negative about Airpod is its damage to the environment. This is due to the fact that the batteries are not replaceable. In any product with non-replaceable batteries the whole item goes into a landfill when the batteries will no longer take a charge. Typically this happens when the product is about 3 years old.
love these headsets
Absolutely amazing, I am blow away by the ease of connection, the style and comfort and the sound quality, hight recommended
T cost expensive
I love this AirPods!!!!! Everything works as expected and it does not fall from you ears.
Thank you
Very solid purchase! I bought the Bragi headphones for $300.00, and they absolutely STINK compared to these AirPods. Ive been using the airpods for 3-4 days, in a variety of different environments, and they havent dropped the Bluetooth signal once. Thats right, they actually stay connected!!!!! My Bragi The Dash headphones dropped every 5 seconds, regardless of the firmware, and regardless of where I might bet (inside, outside, etc) The only issue with the air pods is how they fit your ear. Mine fit good enough to keep me happy :) They also arent noise cancelling, but you can actually turn up the volume on these earbuds, unlike the Bragi version that restricts your volume. I bought these on a whim, and I have to say Im very very impressed. I wear mine under a beanie 90% of the time, so no one knows I even have them on. Thanks Apple, well done!
I waited the two months for these to finally arrive, and I have to say just how pleased I am with the Apple Airpods; enough that I wanted to publicly post how awesome these are after all the pre-release media flack apple got for them.  I personally use them mostly for work where I am frequently interrupted.  My previous wireless earbuds didnt shut off automatically when pulling them out so I was frequently losing all my charge w/o getting much use since Id forget to turn them off, then I would have to go w/o listening for a period of time while they charged.  With the airpods automatically shutting off when I pull them out, and automatically charging when I place them back in their case, I rarely have to worry about charging them and I get far more use out of them; I just have to make sure I plug in the case when it gets low.  Not having wires also makes a huge difference.  No longer do I have cords coming from the phone on my desk up to my ears, which provides a lot more mobility.  The sound so far has been great; much better than the beats3 I tried, even if they do tend to let in more outside noise.  The bass is so also much better. The only con Ive had with the Airpods so far is that the double tap only seems to work on the first airpod I put into my ears, which isnt always the same side; so sometimes I have to double tap both sides before the music will start.  Volume controls would also be a problem for some people, but in my case the Apple Watch works great for controlling the volume and controlling the songs w/o having to pull out my phone. Apple has definitely continued to impress by not just selling me a new piece of technology, but a positive user experience.  Kudos to their design team.
Love them, new tech makes a huge difference
When I first heard news of Apple eliminating the headphones jack and replacing their standard earbuds with these much more expensive airpods, I couldnt help but feel that Apple was taking advantage of the consumer. But after actually owning a pair of these headphones for about two weeks now, I must say they are some of the coolest and most effective pieces of technology I own. Apple has made the experience seamless by having the airpods connect directly to your Bluetooth device once the claim shell case (which looks oddly like a dental floss kit) are opened.  The sound quality is surprisingly good for a bluetooth device, considerably better than the earbuds before it, and equally as good as many devices within the same range. Suffice to say, if you loved the earbuds for their comfort and sound quality, you will absolutely love the airbuds. There is something very liberating with having zero wires to deal with, and they work exceptionally well during workouts when you are away from your phone. They also stay in your ears as tightly as any headphones I have owned. They are not noise Isolating like a good pair of Bose headphones, but the truly wireless nature combined with an excellent sound quality to me more than make up for it. Buy a pair if you get the chance, you will not regret it. But wait until they are in stock and go down in price which will probably be by March.
Ive seen a lot of bad professional reviews on the internet for these earbuds. Id say about half of them mock the concept of AirPods - "they look like Q-tips in your ear! Youd lose them all the time!" Id say 80% say that the sound quality is sub-par or "identical to EarPods" or "only slightly better than EarPods, not worth 5 times the price!" Just for fun I decided to try them for myself while I walked past an Apple Store - an employee kindly set me up in a quiet corner of the store so I could listen to them. I dont know what the angry reviewers were smoking. None of their grievances are necessarily true, and thats coming from someone generally skeptical of Bluetooth headphones. If anything I did not expect these to be an upgrade in sound quality from my Bose MIE2i buds, but they were. Firstly, the sound quality - miles above and beyond the EarPods GIVEN that they fit in your ear, not just "slightly better". You have to be deaf to not appreciate the difference. The upgrade over the EarPods in sound quality is night-and-day - Im really confused about why so many reviewers are disappointed by the sound (my suspicion is that they didnt fit them snugly enough?). Everyone whos tried mine has noted the same thing - they genuinely sound good. On top of that - given how difficult it has been to even get a pair of these, I dont understand why internet minions who clearly have never even tried a pair are already giving them bad marks. Its almost a DISADVANTAGE to Apple that they made them look like EarPods - because while they look like EarPods, they sound nothing like EarPods. I find them much more pleasant to listen to than even my Bose MIE2i buds, which Ive cherished for years. I did all my listening just using Apple Musics 256kbps AAC files. For those audiophiles out there, I would say that the sound profile is "scooped" - the midrange is underrepresented, but otherwise they sound really surprisingly nice. The low ends are punchier and tight, the highs are crisp, and the soundstage produced is nice and wide and easy to get lost in. In comparison, the old wired EarPods had a subdued low-end and airier highs. No, I dont get the level of detail in the highs I do from my $400 over-the-ears, but for casual-to-intermediate listening these are more than sufficient. In jazz the hi-hats and cymbals are finely detailed and ring as they should, and you can appreciate the subtle "twang" of a double bass, which Id say the EarPods certainly did not deliver. In classical the sound is detailed enough to detect the wispy scratching of a bow gliding gently over the strings of a violin. You can relaxedly tell all the instruments apart in an orchestral piece. Pop music does well with a satisfying, thumping bass that doesnt distort much at high volumes and clear vocals. On top of all that - these get noticeably louder than the EarPods - definitely ear-damagingly loud if you so desire. Obviously all of this holds true only if they actually fit snugly in your ear - if they dont, theyll sound worse and theyll fall out. I was glad I tried them out in-store before deciding on them. Ive heard a lot of people say "they look like Q-tips in your ear! They look so silly!" Perhaps Im missing something but if they look just like EarPods and those had a long windy cable, why were the EarPods not "silly"? I also dont understand why "but youll lose them!" is a reason to make fun of the product. Isnt the future necessarily predictive of a world in which we are fully wireless? Do people not buy smartphones because theyre afraid theyll lose them? Sure, at one point. We get used to our wireless products and we adapt to not losing them. Furthermore, many of the the comparisons people make to the AirPods dont even make sense - like the Bose bluetooth earbuds (which I actually think sound notably worse), which also arent even fully wireless earbuds. There are so few, true AirPod alternatives on the market in there are truly no wires at all between earbuds; admittedly I have not tried them, but I havent heard the best marks about those either. I considered of course the Earins (connectivity issues apparently?) and the Samsung Gear IconX (shorter battery life), but even those arent the same category of buds because of their in-ear-canal design, whereas the AirPods resemble more classic earbuds. I personally detest the in-ear-canal feeling of squishing into my ears (I perceive the soundstage produced to be much narrower and literally inside my head), but I realize this is PURELY personal preference. The AirPods have great battery life, and the charging is so fast I just stop listening to them to use the restroom, make a cup of coffee, come back, and theyre ready to go again for hours. I have yet to exhaust their full 4-5 hour run in one sitting. The pairing was ridiculously easy and fun to do, and the transitioning between iCloud-linked devices is seamlessly albeit still laggy (fingers crossed for an update). Try the AirPods before hating on them. Its an easy time to hate on Apple - the removal of headphone jacks from the iPhone, the death of MagSafe chargers, a world full of dongles, etc. Just know that if you join the hate bandwagon youll be missing out on some genuinely good audio and handy wireless technology. These are not just EarPods with the cables cut.
I barely charge this. The battery last forever
Small and portable, no issue with sound
I always thought that Apple air pods worked only with iPhones. To my surprise , it works easily with my S8+
Work Great
Grandson was extremely grateful for this gift.
Great buy
Was a gift for my son and he loves them. Battery lasts over a day and he doesnt have to disturb me to watch things on his phone.
These are more convenient with clearer sounding. The charge seems not to last as long as I had hoped though.
They were a gift for my son. Came brand new and fast. He loves them.
I dont use them but i use them
Cool
Amazing
I love that I can use for music, or hands free phone time!
Ultimately, I like the AirPods. PROS: -They stay in my ears well -Quick charge time for the pods -Much better sound quality that the standard wired Apple earbuds CONS: -Minimal options/control for haptics -No separate volume control
Holds a long charge
great
I tried several cheap generic versions of air pods and none held a charge or worked from both ears. So I splurged on these and am very happy. I can listen to audio books without being tethered to the phone. I have interviewed people on the phone and the sound is clear plus my hands are free to type. It was a splurge for me but I am very happy with my purchase.
All good
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas.....she loves the range and sound that comes with this.  A little expensive but thats what you expect for Apple products.
I purchased this for my wife as an anniversary present and she just loves goes all over the house listening to music. Well worth the price.
My daughter loves these airpods.
Love! So convenient and great quality
Best
I mean I like it and so do a lot of people. Does it mean you will? Not necessarily. Listen I wanted to review it and just do the star thing but I was made to put a comment. Im to committed to turn back now.
Works great
I have had this item several months and I am so happy. It works better than I ever expected. You can use either of the two air pods. The sound is beautiful but that device isn`t fit for classic music. Sorry.  Very cool dock for charge and safety!! Minus only one- the price is a little bit high. I would advise for everyone to buy it if the price were lower.
Typed in the serial number to make sure and they are authentic and work phenomenally!!!
Best sound headphones, easy to store in the case
I love these! The sound is great, theyre comfortable and stay securely in my ear while runnng. I really like how small and convenient the case is, and that it recharges the AirPods without having to plug it in every time. I recharge the case every few days and it seems to last well. Wish I would have invested in a pair of these sooner.
Me agrada que es muy liviano u y fácil de llevar los uso todos los días para ir al  trabajo al gym puedo recibir y hacer llamadas sin usar mi manos por comandos de voz
Awesome
gift to my son these really work....he loves them
shes using it for awhile now, but didnt hear her complain, so it must be good
good
Amazing- So glad I went with my purchase and ignored the negative reviews!
No more tangled wires, and my kids love them. Seamless compatibility with Apple products and can even be tracked using Find My iPhone. They are expensive, but that seems to be the standard with technology:)
I really like these, as much as I hoped, probably because my expectations were not inflated. Got them for use w an iPhone at the fitness center and while doing boring chores at home, for steaming, music, etc. I do not use them for calls or Siri. Sound quality seems as good as I get from the plug-in buds that came with the phone, which is saying a lot for Bluetooth buds, I have found. Noise cancellation should not even be a question - there isn’t any, and none was expected (beyond just having a thing stuck in your ear.) The max range between the buds and the sound source seems short - a few yards before losing contact (as opposed to, say, my Beats headphones which have about 4x the range.) My only pairing ‘issues’ have arisen at the fitness center, where a lot of others are trying to do the same thing; I sometimes have to resort to plug-ins. THESE WOULD BE VERY EASY TO LOSE, separately or in the case. I am not a fan of the slick, slippery design (that applies to all Apple products) so will find some way to defeat the beauty and make it functional.
Got them as a gift for someone. I tested them out first.
Great product
Excellent glad I purchased it here, not apple.
I like this very much
Love
Clarity is really good
Love them
Love it! Works great!
Love.. have bought 3 sets for family and they all love them.. sound is wonderful and they stay in the ear!!
Great product
My daughter loves them
It’s alright. There are cheaper alternatives—let’s be honest. I will say, get the Gen 1 AirPods. Gen 2 literally has no important differences (I researched this before my purchase.) Haven’t lost it yet, which is amazing. Not sure how people lose them so easily? Just be careful with them and keep them in your purse/backpack. Pros:  Compatible and designed for Apple products.  Easy setup and bluetooth pairing.  Being able to flex that you blew $159 on wireless earbuds. Cons:  The price. Duh.  It has an occasional weird tapping/clicking noise when you walk/run with them on. Almost feels like a small object stuck inside the pods? It just feels uncomfortable sometimes.
When I first bought my Airpods I was a bit skeptical because of the price, but when I first put them in my ears I knew these were a great buy. Only one small issue though, I cant seem to lean the inside of the case. But overall a great product.
Great product, it was on sale when I bought it very happy with this purchased
I love them, great audio, Ive tried alternatives and they work almost just as well.
I recently had surgery on my right dominant arm and knew that holding my iPhone for phone calls and for listening to music as I recovered would be clumsy with headphone cords over \ under and around the cast.  Ive been eyeing these for awhile and took the plunge when I ordered a pair for my sons birthday.  (Yes he loved his pair and uses them all the time).  I am so impressed with the ease of use, battery life, sound quality and how well they stay in my ears.  A definite good-buy even now that the cast is a thing of the past.  I use them for work, home, in the yard ...  really glad I bought them.  Yes, expensive, yes worth every penny!
Great product
Great Christmas gift for our daughter!
Loved then till he lost them
Very good as described in description
Its great for every activities, I love it so much.
I wish I would have bought them sooner
Just what my son wanted.
Sound great! Incredible for phone calls. Not so good at canceling out loud background noises like a mower.  Still a very good value.
I was kind of scared to order it at first but they came out very good, they even have warranty and everything so I’m very happy with my purchase.
Exactly what I expected and the price was great!
Does what i bought them for. i wish my ears were a little more suited for them. i cant run with them in because well, they fall out but i have friends that run with them in just fine. just take that into account before you get some, ask a friend to try theirs so you know what you can and cant do with them before you buy them.
Love these things
Perfect
Bought them for my son. They stay charged pretty well, he likes them and has no problems with them
You dont have to write anything.  Perfect for anyone who has an iPhone
Great device
Loved my airpods
Great product
Good
These are expensive, but worth it IMO. My iPhone speaker jack messes up sometimes and these override that issue. But I would value these for their convenience even if that weren’t the case.
Coolest and best ear buds Ive ever had
This product doesn’t really have noise canceling
Love the little case
Great sound quality, it doesn’t hurt your ear if you are listening for a while.
Excelente
A little loose while jogging
Great product..
One of my best product purchases ever!!!! EVER! and even paid full price (which I hate to do) I am petite, so finding an ear piece that is comfortable is difficult. These fit, and stay in! They hold a charge and then accept a charge well.... as for the sound... well people say they hear me BETTER than when I am talking on my phone while holding it! They do not hear background noise and NEITHER do I when I am using them!!! LOVE THEM BUY NOW!
I lost them
These AirPods had a bad quality on phone calls.  It came to a point that I only use them to listen to music.
Genuine Apple product was sent. Easy to use, and stays in ears surprisingly well.
My son has had these for almost a year.  They are authentic and are great wireless headphone.
I have purchased these for all four grandchilden (13, 14, 16, 18) within the past  1 1/2 yrs. Needless to say, they all love them!!!
Live it
This Apple product is amazing and would recommend to everyone.
I reallylove this
thought these would fall out but they dont
Theyre amazing, would buy again in a heartbeat. Was a little weary about buying them through amazon and not apple but theyre legitimate airpods, arrived fast, and work just as expected.
Great battery life I rarely have to charge it. It is a little quiet and not super noise canceling but still I am really enjoying my airpods.
I use these for mowing and they get dirty easy. Need to make them in darker colors
I gave them to my husband for his birthday and he absolutely LOVES them!  He keeps saying he is going to get me a pair, but I dont have them yet!  Thank you for making such a great product!
good
My son loves them
Great
This are a strange designed ear speakers.  The sound fine, they last long enough per charge, mostly.  But, they are easy to loose.  They do have a way to find them....if you have good hearing.  But if the battery is depleted, finding them is next to impossible.  I am reluctant to promote these as they are.  But, if one isn’t pron to loose things, this is a good buy.
Love them!
The sound isn’t as loud as I would like it to be, which may be a good thing, but nonetheless! Love everything else about them. Great battery life, sleek design of pods and charging case.
I bought 3 and the kids love them
Use every day at work as a semi truck driver. Helps drown out the sound of my engine while listening to music or talking to dispatchers on the phone
I like it  like it is  have it always in use .
Love these AirPods! Bought a second pair for wife. Perfect for both of us. Has a long battery life.
love the quality, sound is great- don’t use at loud volume it will hurt!! my daughter jumped in the pool forgetting her airpods case was in her pocket- only about 30 seconds in the water before she realized- she dried them immediately with a towel and we stuck it in rice- they function perfectly still!! works with all Apple chargers except for iPad pro
