Ordered these for my son for Christmas,  they are already not working :(
The apple ipod dont work will with Samsung galaxy phones. And the ear piece does not fit well at all...falls out all the time..and hurt right ear..
Love my AirPods, but they only work when they want to, sometimes they work and then decide they don’t wanna work, with an Apple product I’m just disappointed
I might be the only person who doesnt love these. The wireless functionality and design are neat. The sound quality is quite good for being an open design. But day to day operation is plagued by Apples recent obsession with design over function, and their reliance on "automatic" processes that only work some of the time. The features seem pretty limited for the price. I was expecting the ability to pause, play, skip and change the volume like on normal earbuds, but without pulling out your phone, all you can do is activate siri or skip. Double tapping to activate Siri works about half of the time. I also have to manually pair them with my phone half the time. And plugging your phone in to charge causes the sound to switch to the usb port. The left one falls out of my ear. I added silicone covers but they make the earpods painful to wear and you have to remove them in order to recharge. 4hr battery life isnt long enough. Theyre not water proof. Those are a lot of cons for a $140 headphones. Ill go back to my Bose
Would not connect to either IPhone 8s
My AirPods lasted a year and then suddenly melted after I opened the case to use them. Everything was not working, Apple support did nothing to help, and I did not even do anything to cause them to do that. Sound quality sucks, noise canceling is a no, and battery quality was a no.
It disconnects frequently from the bluetooth and it takes time to reconnect!! I whould give it a three star but since this is apple and very expensive they should not get away with this!!
The left pods seem so much lower than the right.
My boyfriend bought these for me for my birthday and they struggled to connect as well as I couldn’t re name them! HORRIBLE
and they took my money with no refund
I’ve had this product less than six months. It gets minimal use, has no damage but the charging case is already going bad. It doesn’t hold a charge and will not connect to the phone. Apparently they sent me a defective one. I should have gone to the store and purchased them they were the same price.
I got these like a year ago and they are a pain in the you know why because my son always steals from me he does not let me use them and the dogs always choose them up
Biggest problem is they dont stay in my ears! Especially my right ear! Im going to give them to a friend.
Very disappointed. I spent hours of research carefully reading reviews, cross referencing features etc. to find new AirPods for my new iPhone 8 Plus. Sadly when I opened the box, I could immediately tell there were scratches on the outside edges of the AirPod case. When I opened the case there was earwax inside the right pod. I then tried to pair with my iPhone and when I attempted to push and hold the button on the back of the AirPod case I noticed a crack down the middle. Needles to say, they would not pair with my phone. I’m so disappointed to pay for what I thought were new AirPods and get something used and broken by a previous owner(s). I can’t remember the last time I left a bad review because it takes a lot to get me this frustrated. I hope this review helps any other consumer looking for NEW AirPods to go elsewhere. Getting a full refund!
Can’t do anything with them. They slide out of you move or turn your head. The audio quality is terrible. Going back to a free pair of wired headphones.
If the regular Apple earbuds fall out of your ears then these will as well. :(
They provide their intended function, my biggest complaint is that every time I separate the phone from the AirPods from each other physically, going into another room for example, I have to completely re-sync them to the phone. This can be very tedious and annoying.
makes static noise
I used these most every day for about a year and a half.  The batteries get weaker and weaker.  I now get an average of about 4 minutes playtime on the left Airpod!  4 Minutes!  And only 30 minutes playtime on the right Airpod, and that just  isnt good enough,  I called Apple Support and they were unconcerned and unsympathetic about the problem -  they were suggesting I buy  another one.  $160 seems like a decent price for these Airpods, but if you use it a lot, as I did, theyre worthless in less than 2 years.
The case stopped charging. That is the only way to charge the AirPods! Received them on 3/8/19 and gave to my son for his birthday on 3/15 and it’s 5 days later and the case doesn’t charge. I have tried multiple Apple cords to no avail and also tried resetting them. AGGRAVATED!!!!
My AirPods were defective and didnt connect to my Apple Watch. Extremely disappointed. DO NOT BUY.
Came broken and only one works at a time.
Ordered a few days ago. Came within 2 days. Opened today excited to try them out and after trying to charge them with the lightning charger that wouldn’t fit, i then realized these aren’t Apple AirPods at all. When trying to connect them to Bluetooth, they came up as TTW so I googled it. They cost $10 from China!!!!  I’m so mad! Literally on phone with amazon as I type this!!! Buyer beware!! This is such a horrible experience especially since I needed these for Father’s Day!!! Ughhhh
Bought these and they delivered May 4th and just today June 9th one stopped working and it seems as with anything after the 30 (or whatever Warranty) expires is when something always goes wrong and now I can’t return? We are just shy of the 30 days (5days to be exact)
I got this to flex on my little sister. She cried lol. Anyways I have an android so I dont need these.
I LEGIT GOT THESE BRAND NEW 2 DAYS AGO. NOW I AM HAVING THE PROBLEM WHERE THE RIGHT AIRPODS WONT CHARGE. THEY DONT CONNECT TO ANY OF MY DEVICES. AND ITS BEEN 2 DAYS. I HAVE USED THEM AT MOST 3 TIMES. DO NOT BUY.
They never stay connected to my phone. It basically makes them worthless.
Ridículamente costosos.  No los compraría.
Only one of them AirPods work
The box was empty.
The right ear bud is low and I can’t seem to make it louder. I tried to go running and walking and I got frustrated with the music level
failed after 1 month, some of the speakers have quit working
Really LOVED these, at first....been using them for almost 6 months and their reliability has been sporatic, at best. When they work, theyre great, but sometimes the sound goes out in one or the other pod or may get a little static.. sometimes they stop working all together without any battery notification and battery charge appears to be fine. Other times, i wear them on my Apple Watch and by lunchtime, theyre DEAD!  Its frustrating because i love the noise cancellation, love the sound quality, etc.  Im guessing Amazon wont take them back/exchange them??  Manufacturers warranty??  Gonna have to check into it, i guess... kinda disappointing.
three thumbs down
Sound in left ear has stopped working already
The apple air pod box was not factory sealed it had heavy duty tape on the sides to “close the box” even the apple code came off when i pulled the tape off to open the box and to end it off there was no air pods just the charger  i paid $174 but got a full refund because this was not aceptable
These are the same quality as those cheapie $5 headsets that come with your phone, minus the wire.  They are hard plastic, creating zero seal, providing no comfort, no noise-cancellation whatsoever.  they are also prone to fall out easily, due to the poor fit.  Also, unless you hold the airpods into your ear, the sound quality is atrocious.  I only used these for podcasts, they are unusable for music.  That said, sure enough, eventually one fell out and disappeared.  I kept the other one in use and today that one fell out and disappeared.  A total rip-off and absolutely junk.  I have other wireless earbuds, I dont like them, but they are still superior to this rip off.
these are  bad go buy it in store the left one doesnt work so just go buy it in the store
Ordered them twice before no problems they worked great, but now sad to see I got this. After leaving for the weekend I came back today to open them and use them, was excited cuz I actually like them but guess what Surprise!
Not a apple product. At all !
Product did not work, and I don’t understand but they were seamless in the return process
Sound is absolute garbage. Get the bose soundsport frees
No
This item is a joke! It’s pretty sad that I bought them for my husband’s birthday. I was so excited for him, I know he loves music. So this was the perfect gift for him. The packaging outside box was legit. However, the product was a different story. So fake! Don’t buy! I read some of the 3k reviews and decided to buy them, but it was the worst mistake ever! I sent them back the next day. Placing an order directly with Apple. You can definitely tell the difference.
poor quality right earpod stopped working very disappointed for the money
No me agrado parecen de segunda mano
I thought I bought the AirPods new but it turns out they were used (by Betty actually) and also the left speaker did not work at all. Do not buy! I will be returning
I bought these air pods and couldn’t wait for the to came in my mail. A week later these air pods come in the mail and the right one doesn’t charge in the case. It really sucks because for the time being they worked very well.
Package was opened slightly and seemed tampered with. Was not able to connect to phone. AirPods were returned to amazon.
I received an unsealed box with no AirPods only the charger cord was in.
Didn’t even work out of the box had to call Apple and pay for them again so i could get an actual working pair ...
Apple AirPods sold by amazon ware house were described as n very good conditions when they arrrives gross. The apple charging case was filthy with dirt in side and the apple ear pods were dirty from stuck dirt in the speakers. There was also green yellow mold growing, it was dustgusting to resive a product in these worst conditions.
My order came quickly and a photo was given to show where it was. However I believe something went wrong and I was sent a different product. It looks like Apple Air Pods but the W1 Chip wouldn’t connect to my phone. I sent it back & I’m planning to just buy it from the Apple Store. My phone might be the problem.
They dont last very long .... if you go too far from your device it gets distorted. After about 30mins ... they make my ears hurt
plain and simple didn’t work
Had them for about 2 months and both ears stopped working. Left one stopped and the right one is slowly making its volume lower and lower. Hate that I spent so much for this. Would like a refund or a replacement. Wasn’t worth it.
No me agrado porque nunca recibí mi envío, y no hubo reembolso.
Pues aquí esperando mi paquete y no llega nada. Me dijeron q mi paquete fue entregado el día sábado .y nada nadie sabe dónde está mi paquete. Muy la servicio
Received fakes. Just came back from the Apple store and they confirmed they were fake. Wouldn’t connect or charge, they were double the size of real AirPods, had buttons on the side of the headphones and had no serial number in the case. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!
These are such a disposapointment. They would be fine if you sat in an office and wrote lines of code for Apple. But i can only write this from a mans point of view and maybe women agree idk. But if you are a blue collar man these are garbage. The sound doesn’t go very loud most the time it barely drowns out that noise of the gyms music. If  you hold out in fromt they work fine if you put them in your front pocket they cut out. If you want to use them wile mowing forget it the mower is far  louder.  The same can be said for running saws or any type of power tools. Not to mention every time I goto the gym they fall out at least once. I am an Apple guy but these are an extreme disappointment for the price. If you work in an office they will be ok. If you want to use them for anything else I would not recomend?
Worked for maybe an hour then wouldn’t even turn on. Sent for an exchange. Will give it one more time.
The tap function and auto detect didn’t work for the right AirPod
Faulty product. Checked serial number and confirmed that they were at least authentic AirPods but they were broken when received and wouldn’t pair with iPhone. They are used and this is false advertisement. Returned for my money back. Save yourself the hassle.
They start off amazing, but after a year they start to have problems. Like most Apple products, their battery life starts to diminish until they need to be charged several times a day. Plus the sound quality starts to erode. And there are buggy moments where only one earphone works and the other doesnt. Again, they start off great. But for the price, Id buy a cheaper set of wireless buds and replace them after a year.
Do not buy this product. The right ear bud stopped working within two months, no troubleshooting will fix this. Amazon will not help you, you will need to reach out to Apple. Next you need to go someplace that sells Google Play cards and spend $100 on it for a deposit. My guess is you will drive back home like I did and call Apple again, only to find out you then need to go back to the store because they “cannot run the card if you are not within 500 feet of the store.” If you question Apple about this they will hang up on you, even if you are speaking to a supervisor. Save your time and buy another product or buy directly from an Apple store so you can just return it. Amazon really dropped the ball on customer service on this product. Amazon sold a defective product, Amazon should assist you as opposed to you running around town for Google Play cards.
I paid $170 expecting it to be genuine air pods, but it came in look a like packaging from apple. It has bigger charging case than apple which looks weird. They have not even tried to make it look like apple. This air pods has big flashing red and blue light on side. The sound quality is very poor and it takes forever to charge the case and ear pods. Returning it for full refund. would not recommend you to buy it.
Doesn’t stay in ears
I can`t find any help to fix it or replace it
cant hold a charge, just awful sound quality, your better off getting samsung galaxy buds, they are 10x better in battery life, and sound quality for sure.
This product is disguised as new, and priced as new, but was told by Apple Genius Bar that it is "refurbished".  Beware.
I brought these AirPods as a gift. A set for myself and a set for my significant other. And unfortunately in both packs. Neither right headphone work.ms which is very disappointing. Because I feel like I wasted my money for something that halfway works. But they were very nicely packaged they are real and definitely from Apple serial number checks in so no scam. The only thing is that my right head phone doesn’t work and it took forever to connect to our phones
I ordered apple AirPods 1 generation, and what was advertised was apple AirPods previous generation.....so I ordered expecting to get apple AirPods 1, which by the way I paid a little extra money.....and when I opened the box it was the apple AirPods 2 generation with the pairing button lower on the backside of the case instead in the middle case like the apple AirPods 1, and the light indicator was on the inside of the case instead of on the outside like on the apple airpods 1....I know my stuff, I don’t appreciate the false advertisement....fix this.
Apenas menos dos meses que los compre y ya se arruinó un auricular quisiera saber si tiene garantía
Came in on time and yet only one ear worked!!!!
I did not get what I wanted
Had to go to apple store and replace after only 3 days.
Just received and the right air pod does not work have to return and purchase again in hopes I get a pair that works
I dont know if this sounds right to anyone, but when I tried to sync the airpods right out of the box, they were already named "Daddys Airpods". So far, they work just fine, but would have liked to know whether these were actually brand new - as advertised.
my package was empty!!!  do not get these
It was awful. Stopped working in first 5 days.
They worked fine for the first few months. Slowly started having connection issues with them, sometimes only one ear piece would work at a time. Now I can’t get both ear pieces to work at the same time. I am repeating half the conversations I have woth customers because they keep dropping connection. This was not a good purchase. There has to be better options available.
Same cheap quality Bluetooth but for more money
I have previously bought 3 pairs of cheap Bluetooth earbuds that lasted about 2 or 3 months. Friends said I have to get the AirPods for lasting quality. My wife gave them to me for Christmas and by mid-March they are already failing. So disappointing. Terrible product.
Why would anyone pay 174.00 when apple sells them for 159.00.Its not a review on the product just the price.
I’m not sure what it is about these but they’re really painful.  I tried silicone ear hooks to soften it but it still hurts.  The person I gifted them to developed a painful cut in his ear due to the ridge along the top.
Worked fine at first..,I would expect for them to last longer than a month and half.  I am going to try to see if I can get a replacement but I doubt it.  Next time I will buy directly from a retailer so that I can take the back Sherri Brown
If you have an iPhone 6 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! It cuts out constantly making these highly hyped ear phones useless. Dont waste your money. I had better luck with 2 other sets of ear buds that never cut out once and were 1/4th the price.
Sounds ok for the price. Not much base or volume
Batteries died after 10 months use.
At first people complained that they could not hear me. I assumed it was them not me. At the gym (main use) they would fall out when I sweat. So during the workout I would dry them and continue. Again maybe me not the product. The left posd is went out during a run and is about 50% less sound producing then the right pod. If you want these for the gym look at a different product.
These are fake!! They are not real Apple AirPods. The AirPods are extremely large. They are out in a Apple box.
These were fake AirPods. Put in a real apple box. Saying amazon inspected. I’m very dissapointed
I dont know it was a gift for my daughter she hasnt complained
I can connect the bluetooth, but the volume cant be controlled so it is extremely loud when using my Walkman where all my songs are stored.  The problem is not with the Walkman as it works as expected with multiple other headphones and bluetooth speakers.  Very disappointing since I was hoping to use these for upcoming travel.  If the airpods sound level cant be controlled from the connected device, there needs to be a way of monitoring sound level with the airpods themselves.
There are many cool items
Bought these headphones a little over 6 months ago, and since then they have been having issues.  Almost every time that i try to connect, one side will not connect.  The battery life has also been charging unevenly, with one ear only charging to 60% despite being in the charging case for hours.  I tried to go to Apple to get them fixed and they informed me that these are COUNTERFEIT GOODS. I am now past the point for return, and will end up having to keep these poor quality, cheaply made FAKE headphones.  Do yourself a favor and splurge an extra $10 to get the real things..... NOT WORTH IT
These are non-genuine airpods - DO NOT BUY.
The headphones did not work at all. Not even after a charge. The description read “like new.” They we’re broken.
I was played a fool.  These were a knockoff and not a apple product.
I love the sound quality, but now Ive had them for 14 months and use them regularly, and the battery will no longer hold a charge. I used to be able to let them sit for a day without much use and then use them again and they were fine. But now I have to constantly charge them. So disappointed! I might end up having to cough up more money to replace them again since I use them so much.
Bought these headphones for my iPhone X. Quality is good, sound is super low , can’t enjoy my music without listening to other people talking, go with the bose noise cancelling headphones or beats. Trust me , you’ll get more for your money.
Please check your product as soon as you get it!  I gave these air pods as a gift and when it was opened - at the party- there were no air pods in the box.  I was horrified and extremely embarrassed.  When I got home to return item, the return window was closed so I am out $150.  Will not buy electronics or high dollar items on Amazon again.
2nd pair returned due to sound quality being muffled
I don’t care what people say. These DO NOT stay in your ears!  Constantly readjusting and now the right one is barely emitting any sound except for certain positions. However, the sound quality is quite good.
From day 1 my AirPods charge lasts less than 1 hour.  I have to constantly put them back in to the charging case.  Very annoying throughout the work day.
Sound quality is excellent. I wanted to use them for walking and jogging. They fell out of my ears numerous times. Very disappointed.
Came defective even had apple support tell me to just return or get them fixed. “Hardware defect”
Work well at first, After 4 months stop working when I contacted amazon they say contact Apple, which was not no help they want me to pay to make them fix 
expensive for something so fragile, not warer proof, but sold for sports, funny
They were a gift I don’t know
Stopped working after 6 months. I’m stuck with junk. Should have bought thru Apple.
it doesnt connect with my iPhone 5s
I couldnt even wear them long enough to rate anything else. About 20 minutes and my right ear started to hurt due to the fit. After all, they are nothing but hard plastic. I tried adjusting it to different angles and there was NO comfort. I didnt even get a chance to try out using them exercising.  Battery case, visual quality, pairing all seemed fine for my little exposure to them. Hoping next gen has soft ear tips.
The “Apple AirPods” that I received are fake.
Like - quality of sound Dislike - they don’t stay in your ears!  I had to get silicon slip covers just to keep them in
*Sniff* *sniff*.  I finally don’t smell broke people in here
Poor quality
They do not stay in as described. The fall out so often it’s not worth the money.
Box arrived and was glued shut.  Looks like original apple AirPods box.  Once opened, found a “C” battery in box and no AirPods.  SCAM!  See pic.
I think of what could have been. The convenience and great battery life the AirPods could have provided. But Alas, I will never know because they dont fit and apple doesnt include any adapter that would allow me to use these in a comfortable and enjoyable way.  Sold them a week after buying them. Try them before you buy. Sound quality isnt great. So dont buy these if you want decent sounds.
Left ear defective. Turns off randomly.
The sound is so low I can barely hear anything. Not worth using at all since I am straining to hear the words.. Wish I could return. I will try the Apple store to see if they can help.
These were great when they first arrived.  Easy to pair, good sound, sleek, and a long-enough battery life.  About 2 months after getting them I had to start re-pairing them to my phone every couple of weeks.  Now they have to be re-paired with each use, and the right bud doesnt work half the time.
Gave to my son in February and one of them already stopped working.
I bought these because I’m an “everything Apple” kind of guy and wow, I regret dropping money on these! The sound quality is awful in comparison to the wired Apple headphones that come standard with any iPhone. My Bose in-ear headphones are also much higher quality than these. Worse of all, I was on a plane and they wouldn’t connect over Bluetooth to my device. Other than the novelty of having wireless pods in your ear and the charging case, these headphones are crap.
Knockoffs sent in an Apple Airpod box
The first time I tried to use them, the sound didnt seem to be working correctly. I looked it up and found out that it was giving me a bluetooth hiss (Apple did replace them for free). The only reason I bought from this seller was because I had a gift card. I dont know if only mine werent working or if the seller just isnt reliable; either way, it might be better to just buy these from someone else.
Very underwhelmed with this product. The Bluetooth connection was inconsistent and earbuds didn’t fit well in my ear. Would not recommend buying.
Horrible! Way to big! Nothing like description!
The pairing and connectivity was good.  The sound emitting from them is wanting (low volume, fair quality).  What gets me is how, after 5 months, they simply worked one day and the next they didn’t.  I expected more.
I feel like apple can do better the AirPods  come out of my ear and it doesn’t sound that good and that the AirPods are pretty big but they are portable and they last a while and that the ear wax gets inside of the AirPods and then the sound starts get quieter and then I have to clean them.
I am impressed how well these work for phone calls (as long as you are in a quite environment) and the "tap" feature.  However, for the person that likes quality audio, these are not for you.  I am comparing these to Shure SE425s and Beats Studio which I have used for years. Price of these are half what I paid for the other headphones so I would not expect them to be equal.  After reading other reviews I was concerned if they were authentic.  First thing I did was register with Apple and they are the real deal!
Less than 2 months of use and one earbud is nothing but static! For what these cost they should have latest longer.:(
I was really wanted to like these they are really comfortable to wear, They where really easy to pair with my phone.. Thats the good news...The volume is really poor I have some corded type the volume halfway is louder than air pods a full blast...It gets worse the music would cut out when I mixed around and after 2 days of use the left one quit working all together...The theory of Bluetooth  head phones is great, hopefully one day they make a product that will live up to that theory....
When they remain in your ear these little pods do a great job of reproducing sound, and a decent job at noise cancellation and battery life.  Unfortunately, they will not remain in your ear, and while there are additional products you can purchase to aid in that most important of tasks, they dont always work, so relying on them can be expensive.  By way of warning the listener, Apple does offer static like reception in the remaining pod to warn the reader that one may be missing.  Static, however, can occur for a variety of reasons and the consumer may simply ignore the noise, assuming it will eventually go away on its own.  I did that, twice, and lost two ear pods both of which I had to replace at the cost of $60 each. In addition, from time to time, the pods will simply stop delivering sound.  For example, you can happily be listening to your audiobook and the pods will go silent, while the chapters continue to run.  About half the time the sound will return within a short period of time, seconds, sometime it will not and you will find yourself scrambling to make the pods work again.  Nothing you can do will make that happen, at least nothing one has known or planned to do, so when it happens again youve no idea what you did, or didnt do the first time to return the sound to your ears.  Were these devices a little cheaper, like perhaps $99 one might be willing to tolerate these inconveniences, but at the outrageous cost of $197 I expect one expects more.  I know I did. So, in the meantime, when Im going for a walk or a run, I resort to using my reliable, wired earbuds.  They rarely fall out, and when they do you are connected, and although, once in a while, the sound will fade, it doesnt take much to make it work again.  In conclusion, when doing housework, or just sitting in the house, I will use the AirPods as theres little chance of losing them when they fall out.
Total Rip off I thought I was being pranked when I got the box I was happy then opened it up and got very disappointed and angry like wtf where are my AirPods and it was nothing in there .... what happens when you tryna save a few bucks.
Think about my surprise when I opened the Airpods box and there was no charging cable, and NO AIRPODS!!! I didnt even know it was supposed to come with a cable until I went to Best Buy to buy the replacement since this was a birthday present! Now, I’m waiting on my refund.
Don’t buy these, sound quality no good
I like the connectivity but other devices are getting just as good in that department. The sound quality doesn’t seem to be much better than the old wired apple earbuds. Something messed up after 3 months and the bass and most of the volume dropped out for good. The Apple Store in KC replaced them. The price is too high and all of the components are forever sealed in plastic. Once the batteries go, there is no repair option.
Not for everyone.  Fell of alot.
My left ear bud plays very lowly while the right one plays at regular volume. Cant ever get them to play evenly now.
I am happy with the sound and the actual airpods them self but the lid to the case is wiggly and I feel like it is too loose.  I received the airpods close to 5 days ago and only 2 days after I ordered the separate case/sleeve that fits the case because I felt like it would offer some support or protection for the lid to be more secure.  While I feel like the sleeve will offer support to the airpod case, the lid is still wiggly and I am still concerned that it will break.
Obviously from the photo not AirPods!
These seemed like they were second hand. No seal on package and buds were dirty too- oooh. Did not pair to I phone 8 either. We returned them. Best Regards
I’m writing this now as I wait for these to charge so I can actually get some work done. I’ve been waiting now for 2 hours... after they were on a charger all night and simply failed to charge. I should have brought my Plantronics headphones so I could hear the audio in try edit at work but I stupidly thought I could depend on my AirPods This is the second case I have gone through with them. Somehow, it seems that if the case gets to 0% battery it simply will not charge anymore. Apple replaced the last one and it looks like they’ll be replacing another. I don’t know why this is, they were on a charger for for plenty long enough and the same charger charges my phone just fine. 6 other cables and combinations of charging from chargers and from a computer has not gotten them to charge. If I take the airpods out, leave the lid open, and constantly check it, flipping it closed and open every few minutes eventually gets the case to 1% but no higher. The airpods will charge in the case, but again, only if I keep flipping it open and closed every few minutes.
Its cool and all, but one airpod doesnt really fit well in my left ear and I had problems immediately the moment I received them. There was already a buzzing in both airpods when no sound was playing, and sometimes the airpods would just disconnect out of no where. Apple is so lazy as they couldnt even bother to make different sizes for people who cant use them because it doesnt fit them, and yet they charge $150.00?!, its made out of CHEAP PLASTIC and doesnt have any silicone or cover to make them stay in your ear better. They arent even water proof of sweat proof. So for me, they are NOT worth $150.00. Apple airpods literally costs 90 dollars to make and they charge so much more. Ripoff pieces of garbage. If youre getting them just to show off or "flex" to other people (because that is why a lot of people are buying these), then go ahead, but if youre looking for a pair of simple bluetooth headphones to use on a daily basis, do NOT, I repeat, do NOT get these trash pods. Its way to much money for little plastic earpods without the wire. earpods = $22.00, airpods = $150, literally 128 more dollars for no wires. Waste of money, returning these horrible trash pods. note: DO NOT GET AIRPODS IF YOU HAVE SMALL EARS!
Orderd AirPods from Stalion Products. Everything delivered as advertised. Packaging was as advertised. Right earpiece didn’t  right out of the box. Researched and executed all the known troubleshooting techniques to no avail. We are busy and I didn’t prioritize a return within the allotted time. Returning it on time is my responsibility. The one star is for the poor manufacturing and/or delivering quality control. The goal is for the product to work out of the box every time. I recommend buying them from the Apple Store. Had I done so, the Apple Store would have fixed the problem.
Nice and sleek and working great out of the box, I don’t think they are the beat of headphones, but I don’t think they were shoddy. My real issue is that i believed that they would be traceable using find my iPhone if they were lost, this is true... kinda sorta... They don’t actually have any tracking except using Bluetooth to a paired find my”device” item. These by themselves are not traceable unless they are currently connected to a find my iDevice. Misplacing then and moving on renders them untraceable and if someone finds them and pairs them they are gone.
Tbh I used it and it had wires so I tryd 2 return it but no accept so yeh I kinda dad now
Aboslutely terrible would never buy horrible product would not even connect to my iPhone I hop knowone buys this device ever
Please do not buy these they are fake Airpods advertised as real ones.
poor quality. inconsistent audio. had to return product.
It don’t work well only one of the ear bugs don’t work
It very good the only problem sometimes my phone is in my hand but it will keep one going in and out
Worked fine for 6 months.  Better off buying at the apple store.
I had problems accessing the volume. Very disappointed in Apple!
Battery is garbage I bought a pair of these from the AT&T store brand new and the battery lasted maybe a hour if that. Better off buying a off brand
Beware! These are knockoffs! From this seller! Great price however started having problems, took them to the apple store and they couldn’t validate that they were authentic!
I ordered these and received a MacBook Pro instead! As you can imagine I was very upset. Got my $150 back and sent back the MacBook Pro like any normal person would do.
I bought these less than a year ago and they are not working. Is there any kind of warranty on them?
Worked for a day only. Paired to my phone on the first day I bought it and never worked after that. Tried everything to pair it and didn’t work out.
Ehhhhh
This product start out great. Now months later they refuse to stay connected. Don’t buy.
Quit working after less than a month!  And no return option!
Well it hasn’t been a month since I have it and the right earpod just stopped working so I am not pleased
I didnt love these.  They fell out easily.  They had poor quality sound and transmision  more than five feet away from the phone.  I would like to return them to Amazon but tried them more than a month.
They work well as long as I have my phone in my hand or on a table or something close to me, but as soon as I put them in my pocket I lose connection.  Obviously, I want to be able to put my phone in my pocket when using them.  So, this is a big problem.  I spent hours on phone with Apple support, but was unable to resolve the issue.  Apparently, this is not an uncommon problem.  Found out too late.  No longer eligible for return.  I hope that going to Apple store in person will be more successful.
Product I purchases from Amazon not working for me  i cant return this also
It came really quick but it didnt comw with a charger cord but not the block you put in the wall
I was always bullied and I thought getting AirPods would help stop some of the bullying, but it didn’t it just made the bulling worse. If you are getting bullied don’t buy these unless you are trying to get bullied more, but if you want good wireless headphones  they are pretty ok.
i got them in the mail and they were broken
The only thing I didn’t like is that there is interference when the microwave is on. The earphones stop working until the microwave is off. Sometimes I get interference and one earphone stops working.
i will never buy this product again is  junk i go for my wife for her birthday 2017
terrible sound. people keep complaining that they can barely hear me. fell into trap of iphone hype. extremely over priced. no one apple carries so much cash.
The AirPods came Brand new in box, cellophane and all.  But so far they won’t pair, and pushing the reset button for any period of time just shows a white light (not flashing).  They won’t pair or reset.  After extensive research into it, it appears others have had this problem, but there’s no clear solutions.  I’ll probably have to send them back.  They were a present for my sons birthday, but they arrived 3 days late and broken.
Don’t buy your AirPods from here you will get AirPods that one won’t work or the case won’t charge at all I suggest getting it from apple website where they will actually work
i need back my money
Literally just as good as the wired headphones, but wireless. Maybe I was too used to my Beats for audio quality? Also, for those who were lazy like me and didn’t read up on the headphones before purchasing, you can set the double-tapping on the headphones to activate Siri, play/pause, and skip tracks. There’s no way to adjust the volume from the headphones directly. It has to be done either via the phone, or by commanding Siri to “decrease volume by x%” — so, somewhat of a let down. Also, I’m really not sure how to review because I fear that my pair were second-hand. Pictured is the pre-existing scratch on the case, even though it was deceivingly wrapped in its apparent original packaging.
The sound goes in and out sometimes
Good sound quality and noise cancellation but they keep falling out. If regular apple headphones don’t work for you these probably won’t either. I even bought the ear hooks to help but they don’t stay in place. When they fall out my calls drop, music shuts off and when I try to adjust them Siri gets activated. I tried to use these for the gym but it’s becoming annoying at this point. I Will not be using them anymore.
I have had these for about 6 months, they worked fine until about 2 weeks ago when they will not remain connected to my iPhone.  I have disabled the automatic detection and they will still disconnect.  They are fully charged.  I can remove them and add them back to the phone and they problem returns immediately.
Was not good on the ear, easy to loos, not comfortable
The airpods are really overrated. After using these for 2 weeks the noise isolation is terrible. I can clearly hear someone talking next to me while I have a song at like 70%. They also dont fall out,but they feel really loose. The double tap feature sucks, you have to basically smack it to activate it. Overall, just avoid these earbuds.
The left air pod has no sound.
I bought this product ignoring the negative reviews I saw. Case came in the mail with the right earbud not charging inside the case. I first thought it was syncing issue but no. Right earbud was only being partially charged while left earbud never had any issues. But it ruined my whole experience with these since it’s supposed to be easy to use and convenient which it was the farthest thing from. I then waited a month to get my refund from amazon since UPS lost my return package. Overall when they worked they were great, and easy to use and set up. But if I were you I’d buy this product straight from Apple. Which is what I plan up do next.
I like how there isn’t a cord obviously but the AirPods do not charge fully in 15 minutes they will say they are charged but they will only last and hour on a 15 minute charge when they say it lasts 5 hours.
Very exciting product, with so much fun and quality sound. Unfortunately the right EarPod stopped charging after 2,5 month. Had to take it to Apple store and replace. Now back to the greatness. Not sure how long would it last.
not worth the money. we have nothing but problems with these. they dont stay connected. they cut out. they dont like staying synced to the garmin, pc-hp laptop, samsung. so literally everything--but other apple devices... so if you have an apple to use it with great. but if not do not buy
Great product but cause headaches
Couldn’t connect AirPods to phone
I always wondered if it was true that these stay in while running. They do, but not well enough that I don’t have to keep adjusting. If I touch the right one, Siri comes on and stops the music play. I have some over-ear ones that are way better for running but these are good for normal use.
People can’t hear me so well
Worked great for about 5 months and then suddenly stopped. No amount of resetting helped. Too expensive for 5 months of product use!
Very bad quality and mien broke 4 months in with no insane force or water damage.
So I wanted my amazing ASAP, but they took 2 days to come. I open the case and find a picture of an angry woman instead of my desired product. But first, follow me on Instagram! @hi_it_is_sally This has enraged my to my very core. I am so mad. KK, bye bye
After only a couple of months they have lost clarity and you have to turn them up super loud to hear the music. For that much $ they should have lasted a lot longer! Pretty disappointed.
I have enjoyed my AirPods but there are some things that could be improved. The AirPods fall out of my ears sometimes if I workout with them because of the sweat and movement. This doesn’t happen to some of my friends who have AirPods. So if you are considering getting them, just think about the normal Apple earbuds and if they fit your ears well then these will too. There are many products that are designed to go on the part that goes in your ear that work well to fix this problem, but it is annoying having to take them on and off of the AirPods every time you remove or put them back in the charging case. The sound quality was great but I prefer the Zolo Liberty+ headphones I have swapped to recently. The small size of the AirPods case is still preferable though and is an often overlooked feature when compared to other wireless earbuds.
We received these and then the cas wasn’t working and we had to go to Apple to get a new case
lost one of right ear, cause poor fit
Awful product. So expensive and it would not connect to my sons iPhone. We tried numerous times on our own and twice with Apple Support. Their suggestion was to send it away to be fixed. We just want to return and theres no way to do it. And now weve had them for over a month and cant do anything with them. Totally bogus and very disappointed with Amazon. They usually have great customer service, but now that Apple is involved there is no hope and my poor kid wasted his money.
The model sent to me May have been defective but my one of my two AirPods always dies within use after a full charge. Disappointing as they are brand new. Will have to go to the apple store.
they dont hold a charge long at all. they also cut in and out quite a bit. Sometimes only one works at a time. I would like to return them but I have missed my window apparently.
I have really enjoyed my AirPods since I received them in January, but I’ve noticed in the past couple weeks that the sounds has diminished in the left ear. I went to Apple to see what I could do and found out I can have one replaced for 69 plus tax or both for 138 plus tax. This is very upsetting since they cost so much. Hopefully they will improve them in upcoming models.
I ordered AirPods with charging case and only got the case when I selected to get the case and the actual AirPods
Not matching well with my son’s 6. Does the job with his Apple Watch though
I received a wired pair..
I love the options and functionality of the airpods as well as the sound.  Problem is they are not very secure in my ear and would trust them staying doing anything beyond a slow walk.  I was hoping they would be good to use while working in the yard or going to the gym.  I realize that everyones ear are slightly different so there is no fix all solution.  I will go back to using my Bose headphones since they are great.  My daughter will be happy to get my airpods...hopefully they will fit her.
They connection function to any device is almost worthless. These AirPods will only connect one ear at a time. I’ve been trying to make this work for three months. I waste 15 minutes daily just trying to connect the AirPods to my devices. I’ve given up. Going back to bose. Much more reliable. Complete waste of money.
We like the Airpods but way too expensive.
Surprisingly mediocre
These aren’t authentic Apple AirPods; they’re some cheap, knock-offs that are too bulky for regular-sized ears. Battery life and sound quality are terrible. Save your money and go directly to the Apple Store.
Bought these for the wife as a christmas present, who then developed a rash / allergic reaction after using them. She tried again a week later - same thing. Had to return them. Honestly? I figured a regular pair of plastic earbuds wouldnt pose that much of an issue - shes worn a Jabra headset for years now. But. saw it with my own eyes.. And the rash / allergy reaction was quick and definitely related to airpod use.
Good product as far as quality, but Apple is deficient in providing obvious useful features... These only support double tap, no single tap or triple tap function like wired headphones and no way to control volume
I love my AirPods but am super disappointed my L AirPod stopped working - I cannot hear any music in it even though my R one works perfectly. Wish I could return and get them replaced or get them fixed but my return was only through January 31st of this year. I’d buy on the Apple store next time so I have warranty to get it fixed.
For the amount of money I spent on these I would expect them to hold their charge longer.  At best they last about 2 hours.  People who are on the other end of the conversation are frequently telling me they cant hear me.  Sadly disappointed.
Case does not close. Cheap.
Ive had these airpods for a few months now and tried to give them a fair shot before submitting a review. First of all, I have experienced better sound quality from a pair of walmart earbuds for $9.  I am unable to hear the caller on the other line If im on a bluetooth call or music on any device unless it it turned up to the maximum capacity.  I was really disappointed that these airpods did not work the way I hoped. All I want at this point is for the seller to make this right.
Stopped working after 9months with no external damage. For the price, not worth it.
For the price, I was hoping/expecting several years out of the first gen airpods. I got under 2 years, and now the right airpod is no longer functional. Apple online support and store support were both at a loss about why its misbehaving... and theres no warranty coverage. $69 to replace one dead pod (and no guarantees how long the still-working pod and case will last). No thanks. Feeling slightly bummed about the quality/longevity, Apple. When they still worked, I was VERY pleased... great sound quality... sufficiently bassier than their wired earpods. Just wish theyd lasted longer. If you can get insurance/apple care when you buy these, Id strongly encourage it.
Everything is great about the product except they won’t stay in my ears.  This is not a good fit for someone with small ears.
I think the iPhone is better
It’s been only 8 days that I started using these pods and it’s not working already, I should have brought it from apple store
Im really surprised by the positive reviews for these earbuds. They are uncomfortable to wear after about 30 minutes, and the sound isnt good at all. For the gym, Beats beat these hands down. I am continually disappointed by overrated Apple products.
Shop around
These things are crap!! I gave them back to apple for how bad they were, only reason i got them was because my jabra 65t broke so i wanted to give them a chance, they have 0 noise insulation, 0 bass and always fall out, going back to jabras elite 65t or bose sport wireless
All I can say is to buy from Apple directly if you want AirPods. The AirPods I received were muted and were much quieter than other AirPods purchased directly from Apple. I ended up returning them. It is not worth it to spend the same price but to end up with damaged AirPods.
SCAM!!! Got my package and it was empty
I received the case and the charging cable but not the actual Airpods.
Terrible product. The left ear bud stopped after only a few months. Amazon offers NO support for their product. FAULTY AND NOT WORTH THE MONEU.
Received empty box filled with nothing but cardboard, there were no AirPods in it or anything just cardboard
The product is good
Title and pictures say it all. Authentic Apple product is on the left.
Paid 300.....found out they are 120 f****** rip off
Left side doesn’t work sometimes and they battery dies in 30 min
I am typically happy with Apple products, but this was the worst purchase decision Ive every made as far as electronics goes.  I cannot sleep with these airbuds because they immediately disconnect from the iPhone once I lay down.  Connectivity with my iPhone appears to be an issue.  Ive tested this pair out with other devices and get the same results.  The airbuds sound great, but they are not as reliable as you would think.  Plus you can only move back and forward in a song playlist.  You cannot turn the volume down or pause your music.  Waste of money.
Three months and one of AirPods doesn’t work. Junk for triple the cost of generic brands.
Bad product (air pods), it was defective for only after three months in service. Return the item back to them with no refund or respond to the emails. Amazon.com not taken responsibility due to more than 6 months.
Great battery but hated the product
This could be for just me, but I encountered static noise in the left AirPod. The right one didnt work. I have a lot of experience with AirPods, so I know they didnt work for me. Im not saying they wont work for everyone else.
Save your money. They will not stay connected. They worked fine for about a week then started disconnecting every 20 seconds or so. I would have to put them back in the charger then take them back out and it would fix the issue for awhile. Then it would disconnect again after about 2 minutes. They will not stay connected now after 3 months of use. These are trash. Do not waste your money.
Contacted seller to say they did not work and they replaced which I loved they did but those pair also stopped working after after a few days.
These were working great but after about a week of using them the charging case stopped working so I wouldn’t recommend
The sound is wonderful when pushed into ears but while working, bending over I have to keep pushing them back to where I like it. The right side went out and the only way I got it back was to take them both out and place back in. It has happened twice and I’ve only had them for two weeks or so. They last 4.5 hours or so which is fine. They are a keeper as long as they don’t stop working again like before.
The original airpods stopped working after a short time. Successfully returned and received replacements just over a month ago. The right airpod stopped working!!!!  And there doesnt seem to be a way to return the second pair!!!!!!!!!! I am so disappointed.
my biggest complaint wold be connection issues.
Worked awesome for 43 days, now I can’t return them (that expired at 30 days) Apple wants to charge me to fix them - plus I’ve got to jump through a few hoops to get to a “qualified repair center”....very disappointing I hoped a couple hundred bucks would have bought more than 43 days so that was approximately $4.65 per day.... 
The battery only stays charged for about (3) hours
1)  They don’t stay in your ear. 2)  They’re very easy to lose. 3) Like ALL Apple products, they’re too expensive. 3) No thanks
Horrible and fake that’s all I have to say 
I kept thes AirPods, hoping that my ears would adjust to them, but I have to say that they are very uncomfortable to wear for more than an hour at a time, as I have small ears and the pods are too big. It boggles me that these were not created in a few sizes, or created out of a cushier, more moldable, material.
Product was fine. Seller sucks
Disgusting! The air pods have ear wax in them! They did not come with cellophane wrap around their the box. I paid for new air pods and these are clearly used!
This was a Christmas gift and when it was opened, the AirPods were missing from the box.
I love my AirPods but they didn’t come with a charger and the package was ripped!
Just try connecting it to a few devices. If you think wires hurt, try attempting to diagnose bluetooth issues which appear for no reason. Trust me... you will regret these.
One of the ear buds didn’t work!
I purchased these on October 15 and they are already dead. They do not hold a charge at all even when plugged in for 24 hours. I am extremely disappointed with this purchase because i spent $150 on these and they worked for maybe 4 weeks. What a rip off. I am trying to figure out how to fix these or return them but Apple will not do anything about it. I would advise looking into other wireless earbuds.
Will find out after Christmas :(
Its annoying coz it doesnt keep connected.when you turn off the music and replay,you need to reconnect the headset.Please make it better.Too much expectations of apple product
This are real Apple AirPods, BUT they are refurbished so beware. I was under the assumption that they were brand new. I was mistaken. They are being returned.
Pros: I like that you can connect to all of your Apple devices (Apple TV, Phone & tablet) just one time. its very easy to pair with the charging case. charge time is very short, & I like that you can charge the buds on the go (just keep the case with you. Cons: Not a big fan of the fit, it wont stay in my ear, I had to go out and buy silicon covers. Then you have to constantly take them off when recharging.  Only thing you can do with the buds is double tap to pause the music, you cant move forward to the next song. the double tapping has caused me to accidentally hang up on the caller, i just swipe the phone now. The charge doesnt last for along time (2-3 hours). I use them one at a time to make it thru a long trip or a day at work. For the price, I expected a little bit better. I spent less on another headset and it lasts the whole day. If you want great sound quality, spend the money and get something else.
Great quality, I love my AirPods! My left AirPod does not hold a charge despite troubleshooting. The case also does not sync to my phone when I open it. No one seems to have this issue when burchasing directly on the apple store website... perhaps I got a lemon.
Received used AirPods for 150.00 plus.  Case shows scratchets on the case, ear wax in the ear buds, didn’t even attempt see if they work.
Everything is great except the battery life is terrible.
Something about the wireless connectivity gave me a really bad headache. DO NOT BUY.
My ears started paining after using for 10mins.. Not that great ..
Sound was great, quality was great but it kept falling out of my left ear so I had to return it.  Still searching for a good wireless product that will stay put in both ears.
The AirPods are great quality, and can reach very high ranges. However, after about two months, by left pod stopped working. So, only my right one has sounds now. I don’t think this is very common because this hasn’t happened to my friends that have AirPods, but it happened to me. I either have to see if they can fix it, or buy a replacement for $50.
I got an iPhone and have 3 Plentronic bluetooths of various types and they all work seamlessly with the Samsung.  I found they work in a haphazard way with the iPhone so I finally got irritated enough to fork out over twice the cost for AirPods..  Like the iPhone, I feel like I went backwards in features and paid for the privilege.  They might connect better but its hard to say because while the Plentronics all last 7 hours and tell me by voice or light how far along I am in that usage, these dont say a thing and always seem to be dead or dying.  Its a mystery.  One will cut out within an hour.  They are loose and if one will fall out of my ear mid conversation, the other might or might not stay connected.  Good luck finding it in the garden!!!  The lanyards work but its hard to put them on and to recharge the headsets you have to take it off.  II often want to hear what is happening around me so I need to be able to take one out of my ear so its frustrating that it isnt an option.  Pretty silly.  Especially since the sound is muffled and I dont feel inspired to listen to music with them.  I am told I sound muffled as well.  I went out and got a Bose for the same price and they work just as consistantly and sound great plus they come with a built in cord between the ear pieces.  So my advice is to go for sound quality if you are forking out that much money and get something that sounds great.  Forget the i-status and let them know they need to do a better job by going someplace else.
Wonder if it’s authentic cuz the sound is not clear on one side and falls out of ears
Battery sucks and sometimes at gym connection break very annoyed
Charging case stopped working after a couple of months.. rip.
The airpods pair up fine , but it disconnects and the sound quality is pretty bad . Even at 5o to 60% volume i could feebly hear the sound
Constantly have to reset them due to only one side working. Would not recommend.
I didn’t know it’s used!!
The right AirPod doesn’t work and the case came to me very dirty
these are 159$ all day long. avoid
They are crap Siri doesn’t hear me when i talk to it on I can’t talk in calls.
I have been an Apple devote for over 20 years. However, these damned things should never have been released. I am now on my second paid (always pampered, kept charged, clean, and dry), and the connectivity with my iPhone 8+ is SO bad it would be comical if it werent so infuriating. Endless problems await you. Examples: one airpod will lose power in half the time of the other, they wont connect with the phone, or just one will conncect with the phone. Crackling, cutting in and out... absolutely maddening! Its as though two different engineering teams (iPhone and Airpods), from two different planets, who never once communicated, designed and produced these friggin things. They just dont work!
These are fake don’t get them you could get thes for $20
Left pod CONSTANLY doesn’t charge. Battery life is terrible. Both my husband and I have the same issue and Apple won’t back their silty product and help. Google the issue and it’s clearly a product fault... the left pod always has issues.
Was gifted a pair.  They literally fell apart after a handful of uses.  Another overpriced and poorly made Apple product.
My air pods are literally  diry and and one them dont even  work  trash product Im not satisfied
My wife likes to premium brand products for me whether they work well or not. These are in the category of NOT! There is no ability to block any ambient noise with these ear buds. They dont stay in your ears unless you are sitting at desk. The battery life isnt what is advertised, seems like it is always being  drained whether using or not. The case has a separate charging situation from the earbuds and seems to always be "on" = draining You cant get enough volume to overcome a moderately noisy environment to be able to use the earbuds, had to go to phone speaker, pretty sad when thats the case. You can buy 3rd party accessories to assist with keeping them in your ear, then they dont charge.... Had massive problems with switching between connected to earbuds, connected to car, not connected.....etc..... it was a mess trying to figure out which source would pick up the conversation and when..... Super easy to pair.....thats the only good comment for Apple on this one!
i like the product and enjoyed it but the earbud fails out (not often but it happens a lot). And, as result, I lost one when I was biking. I called support and firstly, they said they will ship my "left earbud" for free but then when used the link - there was a payment of $70 .. And i was told that I have to pay for the lost one. Its a big NO because I could lose it on any day and I lost it less than in a few months. Unless money is not an issue to get a new one or "replaced one" - look for a different solution.
Apple can design a sleek phone, but after many years, they still can’t make earbuds that fit in your ears.
They have great sound quality but continually pop out of my ears and if I yawn or move my mouth in a certain way it stops the music and have to maually restart or take bud totally out of my ear and put back in..
I really like the concept of these; they’re well made and feel high quality BUT the pair I received have a constant hiss in the left earbud. It’s a high pitched electical hiss that is especially noticeable when they’re not playing anything and a bit noticeable even when playing music... I expect more from Apples quality control.
I dont know if these are real apple air pods.  On a full charge the right airpods holds a charge for about an hour.  Not what was advertised.  I would not buy these from Amazon, but right from an apple dealer.  Dont waste your money.
i was looking for an earbud so i didnt have to worry about plugs and  big earphones...i tried these and noticed immediately they were not fitting right into my ears. i tried to move them adjusting how they sat but if i shook my  head even sliightly they fell out.  funny they fell into my white shirt and got lost! behind me on a white sheeted bed!!  i usually use these on my bus trip to work and can easily see them getting lost very fast and almost 200 dollars down the draino
Don’t buy it . The battery dead right after while I have. Didn’t let me returned.
The AirPods does not hold a charge within 3 hours the battery is dead.
Should’ve got it from apple instead of amazon. Stop working already.
They wouldn’t connect to my phone. I had to go into apple to replace them. Luckily it was still under warranty and they were able to do it for free. It does not excuse the fact that I recieved a product that didn’t work. Be careful buying open box products.
I opened to box and found only a charging wire. The air pods and case nowhere in site. The package was unopened yet they were missing. I’m thourghly upset.
Does not charge after less than 2 months use.
Im surprised to see how highly rated these are, with almost all the low ratings coming from people who got counterfeits.  Theyre ok, but really not that good.  On the plus side, theyre very comfortable (like wired earbuds), so they dont hurt your ear after a while like in-ear buds or over-the-ear headphones do.  When music is playing they do a surprisingly good job of blocking out outside noise compared to the original earbuds where you had to deafen yourself to hear what was playing.  The overall sound response is quite good, though you have to get them in exactly the right position (turn the prong as far back as it will go) or else you wont hear any bass.  And just the general advantages of being wireless. But the sound is very mediocre.  Im no audiophile, and every song I listened to sounded like it had faint static, especially around high singing or electric guitar.  If its a lower quality mp3 that already has some of that then its made exponentially worse.  Its like listening on one of those old single-speaker portable radios.  The sound is noticeably better on my $40 wired Anker earbuds.  I know Bluetooth sound is generally worse than wired, but at this price Id expect it to be close enough that someone like me wouldnt really notice.  Instead it was distractingly annoying.
these are no longer working and for the price paid should be working longer.  please email with an explanation.
Do not buy this product off Amazon . The product read new but they were use
This is my second one as i lost the first one. The problem i have with this one is that charging it is a problem. I have to manipulate the charger multiple times in and out before it starts to charge despite using the original apple charging cable. Doesnt charge at all if the charger is not apple.
This is my second pair of Apple AirPods the sound quality is HORRIBLE but unfortunately I don’t believe I have options to return them here. I am extremely disappointed in the quality of this product. I really hope it’s not an odd brand
Very disappointed, I receive this item and they was use and I payed all this money for them Nd they had ear wax on them. was expecting BRAND NEW I’m very upset NEVER AGAIN
Hooribale battery life.  Sound is ok but there are much better ones cheaper
These are not Apple Airpods!!! These are fake DO NO BUY THEM!!!
Awesome blutooth capabilities, but they always fall out of my ears and always have to adjust them for better sound quality. Without acessories from amazon like ear hooks or grasps, there are definitly better headphones for the money!
These are not the end-all, be-all of headphones, as reviews might indicate. I like them for the compact design, auto-pause  feature when you remove one, and the ability to quickly recharge. What I dont like is that they fall out easily if you rest your head on anything (by applying force to the lower of the unit like a lever), are generally not super comfortable for my ears, and cost a ton as far as earbuds go. My suggestion would be to get a cheap pair of $30 BT headphones like the Phaiser 730 and then, if you want a pair for desk work and travel, put the $120 towards some decent noise canceling over-the-ear headphones like Boise Quiet Comfort.
Don’t believe all the propaganda. The reality is that these things suffer from exactly the same connectivity issues all Bluetooth devices have. I’ve owned two pairs and both connected easily only about half of the time. Of course, the times when they refused to connect, threw error messages or just plain didn’t work would be when I was driving or doing something where I couldn’t stop and mess with them. Way too frequently I have to force my phone’s Bluetooth setup to “forget” the AirPods and start the connection process all over again. The screen to do it is less cryptic than average for Bluetooth devices, but still wastes several minutes of my time having to run the setup again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. Annoying, right? Essentially, all Bluetooth earbuds stink, these just stink ever so slightly less - for five times the price.
No problem pairing, but the sound quality was choppy. Kept disconnecting, not exactly the experience I was expecting. I returned. Maybe the next version will be better?
I’m not sure why you would buy used, read as “these have been in someone else’s ear canal”, for more than the $159 you could spend at the Apple store and get actual new ones
I buy this product and when i open the box i found a battery instead of the airpods
I just received this and it was an empty box!  I will be reporting this ASAP
I love airpods!
They was use AirPods expected them to be clean and not broken after spending 152.00  worst product I have bought never again!! Also for the selling if you going to sell air  make sure you clean the air wax and don’t sell broken product!!!!
Good quality, BUT Apples support couldn’t find the serial number in the website, I really don’t know why because here it says that the product is authentic and works perfectly
arrived damaged
It doesn’t works
Bad product selled by Amazon.  This item will only waste you time , do not buy it.
This ear buds works well with some simple cool features. My problem is this ear buds sucks bc it does not stay in the ear when you fully active in sports or just laying down; maybe for a few other people out there. I had to spend more money to buy an in ear hook so it can fit well. Believe me without the hook I’ll end up sending AirPods back. The hook works well, but still have to remove it when the AirPods needs to be charge. I hope apple will change their design and it come with a hook, but won’t hold my breathe on it. Otherwise, you better off with a Bose or others just as good for less of the price.
only one side worked and it was broken when arrived
The battery doesn’t hold long. It will fall out if your ear without you knowing it has fallen out. For the price you can buy better.
I thought they can store music The Samsung ones can store music Im returing these and getting the Samsung gear iconX
Functionally these are amazing. the only downside was on a plane they arent loud enough, everywhere else, superb. but I used them to run 3 times and then the left one stopped functioning entirely.
Never worked out of the box they are basically a paper weight
Good sound, they can be very loud but the battery life sucks. Maybe I got a bad pair since my friend said hers last all day but mine die after 4 hours
They keep falling out of my ears. I almost lost one in a drainpipe. I like them but don’t wear them so much. Not worth the money
The AirPods stopped charging, and I cannot see how to fix it.
Everybody knows these by now so Ill just list my observations. Spoiler: I returned them, and mine were genuine as confirmed by the Genius Bar. Likes: 1. Build quality is excellent 2. Controls are excellent, truly well done. 3. Case is excellent. 4. They stay in better than initially thought 5. Connection is stable 6. Connection is rapid Everytime Dislikes: 1. I paid $160 for buds that sound exactly as good as the $25 buds included with my phone. They arent bad for $25, but at $160 they should have better audio quality. 2. Battery life is terrible. They can make it through a workout, but thats it. They spent more time being charged when I wanted to listen than in my ears. 3. They stay in your ears fairly well, but when they occasionally fall out, the thin shape makes them a bugger to find. This one is minor I know.
Its not working  One headphone hair is not working Anymore Didnt do anything to it
Got empty airpods box!!!  This is ridiculous!  No airpods!!!
The chances these are authentic is zero.
I Love my AirPods,  use them everyday.  BUT, after 1 year the batteries are already starting to fail.  Spoke to Apple several times on the phone and had an appointment at the Apple store.  Basically was told , so sad to bad.  They did nothing.  Love my AirPods but can’t afford to replace them once a year at $150. Note: mine are real Apple AirPods purchased from Apple
I like to listen to music while I hit balls at the driving range, Airpods do not work for this activity as they continually fall out.  Fine for sedentary activities, but not for an active person.
I bought 3 of these. 2 as gifts and 1 for me. I opened them, they were fully charged. They sounded great and I loved them. The battery lasted a while...and then I went to charge them for the first time and they did not charge.  I am unable to charge the case and thus the headphones with any cords (Apple or not). I was able to charge them at a buddy’s in a wireless charger. I am not sure about the other 2. I have not heard any complaints from the 1 recipient. The other will be in a few weeks.
Constantly feel like they are falling out, and sometimes do.  Its not a pleasant experience.  Also, trying to pair them with other devices is a constant issue if you also have your phone nearby.
I really like these and was very satisfied with the quality but today the sound stop. It shows connected but still nothing after restarting. Sad thing is my return window just closed October 31st :(
Received them and they won’t charge, tried 4 different apple cables and adapters, glad to waste the money on second hand junk
Well definitely not worth 173 dollars tho. The battery life when youre on phone calls are sooo short so airpods die right away. So use one at a time so that you get to have a longer battery life.
I bought these for my wife so she could use them for working out. They didnt stay in her ears and barely stayed in mine. Definitely no confidence in the fitment. We purchased some rubber skins to go on them and they fit a little better, but would not go in the case to charge. We ended up returning everything. Sound quality was decent, but have heard better from ones that seal up to your ear better.
Not sure how these were even set up for resale bought the used-like new pair and they do absolutely nothing. Charged them for a few hours and nothing. Battery light doesn’t even come. Returning immediately. Buyer beware.
They were working well for a couple of months. However, they have stopped working now :( they won’t connect to any phone and previous to that issue, the sound quality was decreasing. Disappointed with the product.
Only one of the iPods ever worked.
Well I liked them, but they quit working after about  6 weeks.  Ive even contacted Apple, Talked with  an engineer for 2 days. They did not help me.  They did not call back today.  I have a  6 series phone , planning on updating very soon,  I dont think this should matter. I really think I should get another pair or get my money back.  Please review and let me know.
this product arrived broken is being shipped back
Terrible battery life.My $36 earbuds last longer on a charge.Great sound quality but the main defect in this product is the fact that there is no tether or device to keep them from falling out of your ear easily.Terrible!If you are planning to use these during any type of physical activity ...forget it!Apple really deceived it’s loyal customers with this!
Broke after a month cheap quality , but 2 in 2 different month and both broke.
Battery
If you’re those people that workout “light” these are perfect but for those who train hard save your money . Sound is awesome as always but you’ll find yourself adjusting when running hard or for example jump rope these do not stay in place
I give the AirPods themselves a 5 star review, and I know this is mostly supposed to be about the product quality and not the seller, but this is so bizarre and honestly quite creepy that I have to post it. I ordered these AirPods two weeks ago and they were on back order, took a week to arrive.  They looked great when I opened the package.  They were SEALED, with the Apple box, serial number on the side, and the cable and booklet inside.  However, I could never end up connecting the AirPods.  I tried many times, I even called Apple customer service.  They ran the serial number and said they were definitely new, and couldnt figure out the issue.  I thought they were defective and got them replaced through Amazon. The new ones took another week to get here.  Immediately I noticed a drastic difference when I opened it.  The charging case was about half the size of the last one, and the quality felt much higher, much more premium.  I have never seen an AirPods charging case besides internet pictures, so how I was supposed to know how big the charging case was? Alarm bells went off in my head...I did a quick Google search and realized the first ones I received were COUNTERFEIT!  I was so completely shocked...I am not someone that is fooled easily, but someone actually managed to get counterfeit AirPods inside a genuine Apple Box with a REAL serial number on the box and then SEAL IT!  Even after spending two hours on the phone with Apple on the first AirPods, it never even occurred to them that they could be fake since the serial number was genuine.  I didnt consider this either, I just figured they were defective. This is next level counterfeit tactics, they were even fulfilled and sent by Amazon.  I am only thankful that the counterfeit ones didnt work.  Apparently, some people buy the counterfeit ones on purpose because they are like $10-$35 and some people like them.  Its one thing to buy them for that price knowing they are fake...but to pay full price and get counterfeit ones, so carefully disguised as real?  I can only imagine that there are a LOT of people out there who are wearing fake AirPods right now thinking they are genuine.  If you never see a charging case in person and they work, why would you think otherwise?  There is a significant difference in quality too.  The fake AirPod case is about double the size of the real one, and the earbuds themselves are bigger, and the fake one feels kind of cheap and plasticky compared to the real one. So, please be careful and actually LOOK online when you receive them to make sure they are the real thing!
Only left airpods was working
I bought these hoping they would work. I bought them wanting the easy pair convenience and to be apart of that group of people with the little white pods hangin out of their ear. Sadly, these are not made for all. Every time I went for a run, the left one would fall out. Maybe it’s me! Maybe I have emerged ear canals, but I didn’t want to buy a third party silicone tip that wouldn’t be able to remain on in the charging case. I had to return these and ended up purchasing the Jabrab Elite 65t’s. They are truly wonderful, please feel free to check out my review for them. Hope this helps!
Not And Apple product at all! Did not come with a charging case! Very disappointed!
Bought brand new AirPods and they are clearly used. When I paired them with my phone they were already called “Silvia’s AirPods” and the package is dirty and there is earwax in one of the pods. So disgusting
THEESE ARE FAKE DO NOT BUY THEM
great product other than the fact that my case stopped charging after about 1.5 months. luckily amazon let me return it still and I got some jabras. great other than that, hopefully it was just a defect.
I paid Apple AirPods price and received none apple brand air pods. So ashamed that amazon would let this happen.
I just got the box
For the first few months, you think... man these are amazing. But I have now been through my second pair and neither have lasted longer than 3 months of normal use. I wear them to the gym but they never get sweaty because I don’t wear them for high intensity workouts. The first pair: the tap feature stopped in both headphones so I took them to be swapped. The second pair: started having connection issues and would disconnect after 25 minutes at the gym and you needed the case with you to try and reconnect. Only after you forget the device and reconnect. Maybe if these things were 49.99 I’d be okay with the awful product. But they are expensive to be soooo cheap!
I like to listen to music
Doesnt work too well with Samsung and the battery life is not too well, lasts up to 4 to 5 hours
They came without the ability to connect to their case.  Im at an APO so I waited 2 weeks to get them, and now Im at 2 weeks waiting for a refund.  Waste of time and money.
Come on apple - these are silly. The sound is great but only if you are sitting stock still. I dunno maybe if you are bald or wear earmuffs they might stay. but they are so small they are easy to lose and really not comfortable.
I am a huge Apple products fan and bought these as a present to myself for my birthday. I workout every morning and these AirPods are great, but my $30 LG Bluetooth headphones that rest on my neck work just as well for a fraction of the price. I like the double tap feature and how you can program it to do different things. I wish you could say, “Hey, Siri,” and the headphones would automatically activate Siri but that is not the case. I feel like the case and the overall material quality is exceptional, but I like to have my music loud, and even when I turn it up to maximum volume I feel as though there could have been a little more loudness as far as volume level is concerned. These have never fallen out, but when I do HIIT workouts, sometimes I’m nervous they will! Also, connectivity issues have been far and few, but for a product at this price point, I shouldn’t have a problem switching between my iPhone and my MacBook Pro, but sometimes there are weird issues where it won’t switch, or connection is a problem right out of the case. I gave this product three stars because, while they have cool features and are made of great quality, connectivity issues and overall sound quality and volume are lacking. I hope this helps some of you who are on the fence like I was to make a more informed decision. I would recommend buying them if you’re as involved in the Apple ecosystem as I am, but if you are wondering if $150 is worth it, I would unfortunately have to say you could find better options at a more affordable price!
Airpods was missing from the box ,box just had the charger
One earpiece did not work
Brand new, sealed in the box..wouldn’t connect to my phone, dealing w apple from here on out. Defective.  Serial number is clean in apple system and warranty is valid for 1 year. Positive review. I don’t believe this is the sellers fault, although an inconvenience, will be corrected faster through apple.
I sure hope these air pods work. They were put in this box with NO protection. I won’t know until Christmas if they work since I’m buying them as a gift.
There is only one size, therefore these “fall” out of my ear frequently. There is only the one color. I must locate third party add ons to make up for what Apple left out. I expect more care put into something especially at this price point.
Ordered the item and I got nothing but the charging cable in the box!
Came scratched up, and the battery life wouldn’t even last an hour. This is NOT refurbished at all.
Loved them until one stopped working.
Go through and read the reviews.  These are all fake / paid for.  Wish amazon would let you flag products.  Basically ruining amazon for me.
These were ordered for Christmas and one pair is not working.  What do we need to do
Ive had these for a year now, they were a gift. The reason for the low rating is because these never work like theyre supposed to. 1) Theyre supposed to connect to your phone as soon as you put them in your ear, it can take a a few seconds sometimes, but other times it never connects so I take them in and out of my ear and back in the case many times before it decides to connect. It shouldnt take that long especially if theyre right next to each other. 2) When you open the case, theres a pop up on your phone that shows you how charged your earphones and case are, well 9 times out of 10 it will not show me. I have to open and close a million times. Its very annoying. 3) On that pop up on your phone, it will show you when its charging. Its like a little lighting next to it showing its plugged and charging, but again, 9 times out of 10 it will not charge. I have to plug and unplug many times before it starts charging. When I first got them I didnt know this and plugged it in and walked away, hours later I returned to notice that it was not charged at all. 4) Another thing it does is that when theyre connected they disconnect out of nowhere. Maybe I got faulty ones. Who knows. The only good thing about these is that they do charge very fast and the case recharges the earphones many many times before having to charge the case itself. That is the only good thing I have to say about them. Each time someone asks me how I like them, I tell them not to buy them.
POSITIVE:  Sound quality is excellent.  NEGATIVES: 1. One of two ear buds stops at least three times within 90 min.  2.  Spotty connection between phone & ear buds.  3.  Poor touch sensitivity and only 1 control without opening phone.  This is based on my experience using an Android phone and a comparison with other ear buds which feature similar sound quality and more features for one-third the price.  Shop around.
Bought for 15yr old battery life good
Did not see much of a difference between the wired ones and these. Do not think it is worth close to $160 for wireless earbuds with the same quality sound.
Nailed the design, failed to make a pair of headphones that actually work. Bluetooth drops out at least once a minute. The “buttons” on the side do not function every time. Sound quality is sub-par. Com’ on Apple.
These are not Apple brand. Apple AirPods come with 1 year warranty. I checked serial number on ale website to see if these had warranty and these didn’t. Called Apple and they said that a legit apple product will have a warranty. These were a scam!!! Double check everything to make sure it’s legit. Disappointed with Amazon.
Used
I lost them in the snow dont bring them to play in the snow
I love Apple products but I was terribly disappointed with the AirPod. Apple Not ALL ears are created equal so please STOP making a one size fit all head phones!! I could not get the pieces to stay in my ears. I had not experience this problem with other wireless head phones. Please fix it.
Do not buy these without first checking Apple’s prices on their site. When I checked, these were double the price of Apple’s and those you would know are genuine. This is pretty much a scam.
I thought I was being savvy by ordering early for Christmas for my daughter. Bad idea, head phones wouldnt charge and upon inspection are dirty and what looks like ear wax. Because I bought them early and saved them I lost the return window.
I received my package but the Apple ear pods were not in package. Instead there was a small box with a charger in package. Very disappointed
This is my second pair. The first pair I had was great, until the case stopped charging the AirPods 2 months out of warranty. I bought another and they are horrible. The connection drops all the time, completely random. The sound quality of the right earbud is noticibly worse than the left. The connection breaks up constantly resulting in a static and half heard conversations.
Three months later only the right ear pod is working. I’m not a happy customer
Battery didn’t work. Had to buy a new case for $60
Received wired apple earphones and not AirPods like the product description.
Got my “AirPods” delivered and nothing was inside. No charger case or AirPods. All that was in the package was the charger and the information sheets. What kinda bs is that
I am a huge Apple fan!!  These are great earbuds, but I couldnt keep them in my ears and tried every method I could find online.  Sound quality is outstanding - just didnt work for me.
The headphones were great worked fine for about 3 months then the left one stopped working
I sent this to my son in law for Christmas. He said they worked great for a week then the left one stopped working. He went to the Apple store and the clerk there said that this has been happening but they did not have a replacement at this time. he has to go back and get the replacement.  I do not think I will recommend these for that reason.  For the cost, they should work always . Not a happy customer.
Impossible to connect with ipad. I can only connect with phone. I would expect these to easily pair with any apple device. Sound quality is fine but they are not particularly comfortable.
When I first purchased the AirPods, they were great! Several months later, one of the ear buds malfunctioned and no longer works. DONT USE THESE HEADPHONES TO WORKOUT, they are not sweat resistant.
This is not an Apple product it is horrible the battery life is horrible the quality is horrible and I would never order it again and to top it off I ordered two of them
These worked amazing for the first 2 weeks. I hardly needed to charge them. Material quality, good. Up until the third week, I started having issues with the sensors I guess? My phone was reading them and it showed as if my music was playing, but it wasn’t. I tried disconnecting on and off the Bluetooth on both my phone and AirPods, but it just wasn’t reading anything. I’m honestly disappointed. Never make these types of purchases on Amazon. You never know if the product is bogus.
They over heated two weeks ago  I would not Recommend them because now I’m out of Home $150 and I have no earbuds
Awful, on my third pair and the left pod continues to not work. Don’t buy these from amazon.
I bought this for my husband as a gift.  He loved them, wore them every day.  Two weeks ago they just stopped producing much sound.  Now they produce no sound.  I have very unhappy with this product.
Bought for my daughter for christmas, she is happy with them. However they are truly not worth the price.
These are pretty good headphones (nice sound for sure). Unfortunately, the batteries only last 4 or so hours on a charge, so theyre not great for all-day listening (unless you have a few breaks where you can charge them). Also, Ive found them hard to keep in my ears- they fall out at even the slightest disturbance (and I LOVE similarly sized wired headphones from Apple). For example, I was on a subway and removed my shoulder bag over my head, which jostled my ear and one fell out. I had one fall out in an elevator when someone else bumped into me. And I was just at the gym, laying down doing bench presses, and one of them fell out! That doesnt exactly fill me with confidence...
The headphones don’t stay in your ear if you move. So as long as you’re standing still or sitting doing nothing then they aren’t bad. I’m not able to exercise with them on because if I move my head they will fall out.
They work great, but they were overpriced.
Do not buy. The pods work fine for a month or two and then begin to lose functionality. Bluetooth disconnecting, etc.  I have a iphone 7plus paired to them and it works fine with my other bluetooth devices. Its software is fully up-to-date. But these airpods are junk.
after having this item for 2 months the left side stopped working properly.  The sound is very low.  It is so disappointing that I have did nothing to them and now they are not ok.
Well for one i hated the fact that I waited all that time for the airpods. To then get them and find out the airpods weren’t even in the case.
Sadly after using them the first time, my right ear is ringing and won’t stop!  I am 68 years old and didn’t have them cranked up!
Received property and was broken. Unable to sync to phone. Apple and amazon could not fix it with trouble shooting. Received the return label and never seen a refund
After 2 months of having them I’m having to replace them for they don’t hold a charge and one of the ear buds doesn’t work any longer
I don’t know why you’d buy these. Apple.com has the genuine ones from apple for $159 .
Word of warning if you own AirPods....DO NOT lose the charging case. My daughter lost hers and I have been trying for over an hour to purchase a replacement, which is available only by talking to Apple Support. The catch is that you MUST have the serial number. Where is that located....INSIDE the charging case (well if I had that I wouldnt need to replace a lost one!), on the original box (who keeps all that!?) and on the receipt if you purchased direct from Apple. OR you can find it in your settings on your phone....BUT the Airpods must be on and connected in order to see the serial number. But if you cant charge them and they are dead, they do not even show on your phone. My other option....I can go to an Apple Store (which is 3 hours away) and they MAY be able to get me another case without the serial number. WTH!? I will be placing my review on this product anywhere and everywhere I can find to do so.
me llegó la caja vacía
Hey guys so I got the product and as you can see the AirPods are or at least look legit. They are good straight from Apple HOWEVER they are defective. They blink green I tried EVERYTHING to reset them. Even went to an actual Apple store and they told me I should just request my money back because they were never going to pair to a device. I was so exciting for these, I’m not sure if this has or is happening to anyone else... I did request a return and full refund within the 5 hours of receiving the product. Good Luck!
LOVE THEN! However; I’ve been having problems with the left one off and on. Sometimes it holds no charge, sometimes never turns on. If it weren’t for lefty, it’d be 5 stars. Also, I do with the sound went up a little higher. But it has great features like the battery life and extrembly fast charge! They don’t fall out of my ears during intense vigorous exercise either which is why I purchased them.
Bought the AirPods & they came in really bad conditions. The right AirPod did not work- the speakers were dirty & there was a stain on it.
The product I received was very obviously used. There was no indication that the AirPods would not be in original packaging with all original parts included. Very disappointed and will be contavting Amazon. But directly from a distributor, skip these. They’re the same price as new AirPods
Somehow the mic on my righ pod does not function, like that out of box, otherwise no complaints
For 150$, I was thinking of wireless headphones that would work like a coordinated orchestra, but unfortunately it doesnt. My airpods, when connected to my iphone, sometimes cuts off and has a ringing when first connected. Although, not as often as when its connected to my dell laptop via bluetooth. When connected to my dell laptop, it has this weird glitch where the audio gets jumbled, discombobulated for a brief 1/2 seconds every 5-10 seconds (which can be extremely annoying when youre trying to watch a lecture on youtube or listening to music).
Nothing in the box. Super disappointing!
i’m pretty disappointed right now. they were working perfectly fine then suddenly the left airpod stopped pairing. i tried to reset the airpods and repair it to my phone and now it can’t even locate my phone to pair at all.
When I got the product I didn’t get Apple AirPods I got i9s tws and I was mad and not happy about that.
Purchased September and one ear shorted out in December! No recourse, called Apple they said nothing could be done.
was very excited to order these, came with prime read the reviews I was skeptical to order off amazon and not the actual apple website... they came within 2 days nothing was wrong with the box everything looked super professional and real I went to connect them to my phone and they wouldn’t connect... so I charged them for at least 3 hours and still wouldn’t connect, then I restarted my phone and turned off bluetooth and turned it back on then I sat with the case open for a while and still nothing!!! I then looked up what I should do and everything said they should have already connected... finally I compared the ones I ordered to my friend who got hers from the apple store and we noticed some subtle differences... overall I wouldn’t order from anywhere other than the apple website/ store...  very disappointed!!
Terrible. There colored on and look so bad.
I had theses for 2 months and now only the left ear bud works. The right one won’t charge :( i’m pist!
Only 5 hours of listening time? FOR OVER A HUNDRED DOLLARS? Thats bs. I had soem for only 20 bucks that lasted for EIGHTEEN HOURS on a single charge! And this is the stupidest design Ive ever seen. Normal Bluetooth earphones have a short wire so they can hang around your neck. Also so you wont drop or lose them. But you know, stupid iPhone users will buy whatever crap Apple throws at them.
I purchased refurbished and that was a mistake. The left earbud didn’t work and I had to return. Pairing was also glitchy. However, these would be amazing if they worked properly. It’s not worth saving 20 bucks and not have the apple warranty. Once my return is processed, i’ll But new ones. Hope they don’t have the same problems as the refurbished AirPod, but at least I’ll have some warranty protection. So much more convenient for running. No more fishing cords up my sleeve from my arm band. Sound is nothing spectacular, but I want to be able to hear my surrounding as I run, so I’m not looking for perfect crisp sound.
This is China AirPods or not?
Did not get product, not happy
Spent over an hour trying to pair the AirPods to my phone. No success. Nothing popped up when I opened the case, the pairing light never flashed white no matter how long I held the button, turned Bluetooth on and off multiple times, even charged the case and AirPods and still nothing. This Apple “reseller” is a complete joke. Thank god I spent $170 on something that doesn’t even work because a seller isn’t responsible and ethical enough to send working products.
I bought these and I am disgusted from what I see, I noticed even before opening them the tape holding them together is broken and I wanted to see what damage is on the air pods and I see the little cube thing that hold them together is all scrached,and I open the pod and see it’s all dirty and I bought too and one of them had EAR WAX!!! EAR WAX OMG!! And the other one had had a bit of damage to it. I am completely disgusted and I want my money back please who ever sees this item DO NOT BUY IT EVEN IF THERES GOOD REVIEWS DO NOT BUY IT. I bought it because of all the good reviews,there’s a few bad one but I saw more good one but I’m disgusted.
Returned a second pair. First one, right ear stopped working. Apple sent a replacement set but they would not sync with iphone 7.
I bought two sets of these. Neither lasted more than 30 days. Very disappointed. Now I’m 300$ out and wasted my money for nothing.
Did not know these were used, I clicked for the new ones but they work great so far!
It didn’t pair
Doesn’t work after a month
Good product if it charged well in the dock. Since I bought it, the left AirPod persistently does not charge in the dock, except on rare occasions. I have tried cleaning it, airing it out, etc to remove any dust or particles, and nothing seems to allow it to charge. The light stays green saying irs charged but once attempting to use, it is ineffective. Very expensive product to not work. Disappointed.
Never buy this it gets damaged after 3 days of use
For the first month these headphones were great. But then I had issues with connecting to the left headphone. Sometimes they wouldn’t even be charging in the case?! And I couldn’t fix it until maybe 10 or 15 tries of reconnecting and plugging them in. Just go get these from the apple store or online so you have people that can fix them!!! I highly recommend listening to these reviews because I ignored them and I regret it!!
Worst product don’t buy this AirPods don’t waste your money
These are fantastic.  They connect no problem, the charging is great, they sound great. The reason for only 3 stars is because of how easy it is to lose one air pod.  Last night while leaving the gym I accidentally dropped my AirPod charge case outside of my car.  No big deal,  I picked the case up off the ground and off I went. Then today I went to use them to make a quick phone call.  I opened the case and unfortunately only one AirPod was in there.  How could this happen I am so careful?  I realized that when I dropped the case one AirPod must have flung out under my car.  Since the case lid is magnetic it must have flipped open, ejected the AirPod, and re-closed on its own.  It is dark and thus the naked eye did not catch the AirPod flying out of the case.  To me it appeared as if the case had never even opened since by the time I saw it in he ground the case was closed.  I think Apple should consider raising the level of magnetism and or adding an actual latch that keeps the case closed until the latch is released.  Had this been the design I wouldnt have lost an AirPod. Beware if you buy these and drop the charge case there is some likelihood that one of your AirPods will be ejected from the case, since again there is no way to "lock" the charge case closed.  This  could be a problem depending on where and when you drop the case.  Drop the case 6 feet from the pool? Uh oh your AirPods fly out for a dip. If this design flaw wasnt a problem I would give Them 5 stars Had to pay apple $69 for a new air pod to replace.
Second pair and they work pretty good for awhile about 3 weeks then they start cutting out and you need to rotate them around your ear just to be able to hear anything and when that happens forget about talking to anyone
They do not fit in my ears properly.  I keep finding one that has fallen out.  I am so afraid that I am going to lose one that I do not use them often!
This box was empty!  My daughter just opened it up for her birthday and there were no earbuds in the box.
Didn’t work very well with iPhone X
Apple used to win with sound reproduction, not in this case, sound its poor, like playing a tape with dolby reduction on. No shine or crisp or rich sound. I was expecting a lot more. Back to beats audio. Sorry
Square trade warranty is not worth it. Dont buy it. No bueno
Item was marked as new in box, it was more like an open box. The obvious sealed tape was open and sealed back up. The headphones and charging bank didn’t come with its normal wrapping. What grossed me out was the headphones were dirty. There’s dirt in the grooves of it. Overall the headphones work, and I sanitize the hell out of it before use.
They dont work with the Ipod Nano 7.  Whats the point of having wireless earphones if you can barely hear it while running.
Overall a cool looking package. Great compact charging case. Good battery life. Terrible to use. These things suck badly. They cut off and skip CONSTANTLY. There are no control buttons, so you need to use Siri to control them (the same Siri that recognizes about one in 10 things I say). To turn up the volume you have to double tap, tell Siri to turn it up and it will turn it up ONE notch( if it understood what you said). There are fifteen levels of sound! You wanna do that 5-6 times to turn the volume up? Not me. The worst part is that the sound will both skip and cut out for seconds, probably an average if 20 times a song. Was hoping I had a defective pair and could swap them out but sounds like its a widespread problem. Not sure where all the stellar reviews are coming from, maybe people love the package and idea more than actual usability? In my opinion all the screwing around and poor connectivity these come with is 10 times more of a hassle than having a cord. Too bad
I do not own a pair, but every time I have the misfortune of sitting next to someone on public transit who is wearing a pair of these, I can hear their music. While this has occasionally been true of other headphones as well, it is extremely consistent with these, so I think it is a design flaw. Please dont buy these. No one wants to hear your music.
These would be *amazing* if they worked properly, however, for me they randomly disconnect about once an hour, which is completely unacceptable for conference calls -- ostensibly one of the key purposes of this device. Have been trying to fix, but no fix so far.
I have received NOT sealed, open-box AirPods, with clear signs of wear on the AirPods charger! It’s just AWFULL! I didn’t expect that from APPLE’s Page! Returned it! Thumbs down!!!
Simply put, they didnt work.  They would not connect to my iPhone 8. They would not go into pairing mode or reset no matter how long I held down the pairing button.  I scoured the Internet and followed every troubleshooting step I could find, but nothing worked.  The AirPods I received were simply faulty and I wasted a bunch of my time.  Returned for refund.  I wont buy Apple products from 3rd parties on Amazon anymore.  Too risky.  These might have been refurbished.  Better to buy direct from Apple.
broke after 3 months and after returns nolonger accepted unusable very angry dont buy
Nothing inside
I have been using this product for one month and The voice quality is far better in general apple earphones and it gets disconnected automatically while I am on a call though the charging is full. Tap for siri works once in 10 taps.
Connectivity is not as expected, sometimes It takes time to Pair to my iPhone or when I swap between WhatsApp calls and phone calls, the AirPods stop being transmitting the call even if they appear to be paired. Too much pain to go back and forth trying to pair them back for the phone call.
Although the sound is great and the floss container charger is fantastic, Ive had nothing but problems with pairing with my devices. A lot of kinks that have to get straightened out for the next version.  If the airpods is the only Bluetooth device you have and you will only need to pair it with your phone, then it may be ok. I need to pair it with my iPhone, iPad, MacBook, and Apple TV.  It is not as seedless as everyone says to do this pairing.  Im finding myself more and more going to my other Bluetooth headphones like the Plantronics Fit. Although the sound is not as good as the Airpods, they work and dont have any pairing issues across multiple devices.
Right good product
These were comically fake.  Both the airpods themselves and the case were double the size of normal airpods.  The packaging says they are Ifans.  I returned this and asked for a replacement.  Hoping I get the real thing this time.  Literally these were airpods for giants... I still think I may be getting punked.
While they work as advertised, too expensive and too easy to lose. Just not a good replacement for the classic earbuds.
I am SO disappointed in these.  I wanted to love them - I really, really did.  Being a fan of everything Apple - I only have iPhones, iPads, iMacs, etc..you get the picture.  I love everything about Apple products from the style to the functionality and these airpods are a fail on every level. They have the Apple price tag, though.  Which I would gladly pay, if they worked.  But they dont - and let me count the ways.  They fit terribly.  None of the hooks or accessories would really get them to properly stay in my ears when I run. Sound is so disappointing - I was better off with my cheap Mpow Cheetah earbuds - the sound was way better - and so was the bluetooth connection!  Even with my iPhone attached to my arm, close to my ears, the airpods disconnect pretty frequently and I have to turn them back on from my phone. Plus theres no way to adjust sound except using the phone.  And another annoying feature is that as soon as they come out of their little charging box, they automatically connect up.  So if Im trying to save a little time by putting them in on the drive on the way to my run - they automatically disconnect from my car and start trying to connect up. And they run down insanely fast.  You have to immediately put them back in their charging station, you cant just stick them in your pocket and then charge them later, theyll end up dead.  They charge up again pretty fast, but its still very inconvenient. Also, you have to take them out of the earhooks in order to charge, every time. These are just annoying and a pain in every way.  They do look cool, Ill admit that. But thats where the coolness ends.  Ive been in denial about how crappy they are and resisting buying another bluetooth headset, but I just borrowed my dads cheapie headset just now and am blown away at how much better the sound is than these stupid airpods. So, no more trying to force myself to tolerate simply because I paid so much darn money for them I dont want to admit how much they really suck.  So I admit it.  I got hosed on this purchase.  And so Im giving all you Apple lovers out there the heads up. Airpods suck.  Royally.  I guess going to bite the bullet and buy another Cheetah Mpow and write these things off as a total loss.
You can tell that this is the first release of its kind. I use this with my 6s+. + The smallest, most stylish hands-free system out there + The case (which is smaller than I anticipated, +++) is very clever and well-working. + Theres 0% risk of them falling out by accident. Great physical design. + Good enough battery life. - Sporadic dropping of connection for about 5-10s at a time (on average 1-3 times per call). Not OK. - The sound quality is weird. You can hear white noise hissing sound when people on the other end are talking, which is not presernt with any other speaker / headphone system. The sound also glitches quite often. - Siri -based controlling is just plain trash. Its a rigid, useless way of even handling the most basic of controls that its just not worth it. All in all, the functionalities are good but the core feature - calling - is its lowest point. I now understand why these still have a 6 week shipping time. Combined with the super late launch, Apple is still trying to cure the kiddy diseases of the product, and tries to keep supply low until then. My recommendation is to sit and wait for the next gen.
Ill start by saying that if you are used to the earbuds that come with the iPhone, then you will probably enjoy these. I have a few problems, Im so used to the Power Beats type feel when theyre inserted in the ear, so to me, they do not feel stable in my ear. Im also not a fan of not being able to secured them better. I did buy a pair of silicone slip covers that make them feel better and lock in place, problem is that you cant put them in the charger with anything on them. Lastly is the feel, again, I am used to the in-ear silicone cups, so the fact that these are just hard plastic is more annoying than anything. The sound quality is okay, though I do feel like I have to move them quite a bit at first to get good sound. The tap feature is nice, when it works. A design I would love would be to take the Power Beats2 and cut the cable, then I would feel more confident about running or climbing with them in. Right now, I walk around the store half concentrating on them not falling out.
I love apple products and these were my newest aquesition. Pretty cool and worked just fine. However I had some problems after the first few days. So I called apple expecting the usual level of help. My best guess is since this is an accessory that they do not think it is worth good customer service. And they write the warranty in a different way from their other products so if you have problems thy do nothing. I am sure this purchase is small for some people but for me it is enough that I expected them to be backed by apple just like my iPhone...
Great for phone calls, not great for music.
Just not work!!!!! I have tested in two cellulars. Horrible product
Absolutely horrible. I thought I was getting AirPods.. Four times the size of AirPods wouldn’t even fit in my ear. I sent them back .
Charging case has clearly been dropped multiple times. No complaints about the product or design itself.
They sound ok assuming they can stay in your ears. Even with a pair of skins that was supposed to help keep them stable, these things were just constantly falling out of my ears. it was really disappointing.
These things are frankly bizarre. Whose ear is shaped like this? They wont stay in my ears for even a second. They fall right out. Not only are they huge and made of a slippery hard plastic but the shape is oblong in a vertical direction. No one has an ear canal shape like that. Try to set them just outside of my ear canal and its no better. They fall out instantly. I love my iPhone but boy did Apple miss the mark on these things.
I thought it was uncool to be adding $30 per pair by not buying directly from Apple.  Very  un Amazon like.  Too bad.
These are ok. not worth the money apple asks for them. But they are kinda nifty. They should be about 1/2 the cost and they would be great.
Returned these. Pairing: It was good.  I used them with an Android Pixel XL.  The case is awesome.  But controls SUCK for android.  I could not figure out how to skip tracks, and although the double tap worked it was inconsistent. Sound: Sound was ok, but little base and it did not block out noise.  I prefer a headphone that blocks out the noise.  Bose soundsport and Epic 2s were better. Fit: Fit excellent.  Easy to put in and out.  They look goofy though.  Super comfortable. Call Quality: I know its not their primary function but call quality (on receiver end) was terrible.  It seems there is no mic function at all I have to hold the phone up to my face, which defeats the purpose of hands free.  The apple guy this stated this should not be the case, but it seems this is the case with all the sports headphones I used. One last consideration is I decided that I am just too paranoid about loosing them, and they are expensive.  When I take others out (connected by a wire, they just lay across my neck.  With these I must put in my pocket, the case, or on a table.  Too easy to loose!!! I have also tried Apple Airpods, Bose Soundsport, Epic 2 BT, and the LG HBS730, and Jaba Elite.  See other reviews, but the bose were my final choice with the Epic a close second)
I have to admit I am a fan of Apple products usually, but this is one of the rare exceptions where I am genuinely not happy with the quality of the product. I have not purchased these from Amazon but from a different store, but I feel my input may help some other buyers. Pros: Well made, portable, light weight. I like the battery case too, it feels very premium and houses the EarPods quite well. I also liked that I can see the Battery level of the case and the EarPods on my iPhone. The pairing process was indeed as simple as advertised, both with my iPhone and my 2016 MacBook pro touch bar. The sound quality is not much different than the standard EarPods, but I am not complaining Cons: I will state the obvious flaws letter below, but the main issue that I experience with my iPhone 6 was the limited functionality and lack of much control. The double tap only lets you choose between Siri or Play pause. It would have been great to have left tap for Siri, right for play/pause or some kind of volume control gesture. Second, the whole double tap detection itself was very flaky, based on my usage for around 2 days, the earphones just failed to detect double taps 80% of the time, often I had to go to my phone screen and pause a song or start it. The other issue I had was I experience momentary disconnects while music was playing even though the phone was in my pocket when I either put my hand on the back of the phone or moved my head in a certain way. These disconnects were not very frequent but they did happen. And now the obvious flaw that everyone mentions, the possibility of losing them. I considered getting a lanyard, but given the way these recharge, it will be impractical to remove and re-attach the lanyard every time I have to put these in their case. In short I am not impressed with this product, its an excellent idea and I love their product design as always. But the product seems unfinished, especially the bluetooth and gesture recognition. Hopefully this is something they can fix over software patches. But for now I think I will be returning mine as I did not feel the price was worth the overall usability of this product. Feel free to comment if you have had a different experience or if you feel I may have got a defective piece
These are so good! I lost them in 5 hours of owning them but man it was a fun 5 hours. Meanwhile JBL puts out a much better sounding mini BT wireless earbuds that hold inside the ear but only last a depressing 8 hrs not 5 hrs like these poor ergonomically fitting ear buds. You HAVE to run in these because they will keep you motivated until they fall out and they will. Cheers
You want a toothbrush on your ears? Try this!
Came without charger.  So upset and unhappy with this purchase!!
Sound was a bit tinny.  Good for sitting still and listening to talk radio but move around a bit and you may lose one or both.  Has built in locate feature but didnt want to test it.  O wrongfully expected Bose quality.
I bought these  from Bestbuy.  They worked flawlessly and sounded great.  However I could not get a reliable connection from my pants pocket to the headphones while walking around outside.  After 15 minutes or so of being connected and going for a walk, the AirPods seemed to keep cutting out when listening to my podcasts, especially when my hand was over/near the phone.  While indoors I did not have this issue.  Exchanged for a different pair of AirPods, but the same issue occurred.  Others have reported this issue, but no fix has been found. If you are going to use these indoors such as at a desk or before bed or listening to music on a bus or something, then these are the perfect headphones as they are fantastic little devices worth every penny.  However if youre planning to be outside in the garage listening to music, walking, or riding a bike or something, these may not work for you.
I’ve been the proud owner of these for 2 days. Just trying them as an upgrade to my beloved jabra move. Sound is ok. Not really easy to switch off if you’ve got an android tablet. Aaaaand... On the 2nd day of ownership, I get shoved into a subway during rush hour and poof, one falls into the tracks. Apple says—sucks for you, pay 69 bucks each for a new one. The MTA guys say they see this happening hundreds of times a day. Buyer beware!
Pros: wireless/Bluetooth Cons: -literally everything. - realistically I got 2.5 hours use one one charge between talking and listening. Not enough. - pairing with multiple devices is a nightmare. If I’m on the phone using my AirPods and I walk into a room with a Bluetooth speaker my convo is now on the speaker for the whole room to hear. Yay. Or if I open my computer while listening from my phone, poof, goodbye, you’re now connected to the computer... -no option for volume control on the headphones. You can only customize pause/play or Siri. NOT volume. For $175ish after tax, I should be able to adjust the volume without saying “Gramma hold on let me tell Siri to turn the volume up”... and without being In arms reach of my phone. Might as well be tethered with a cord at that point. - also no audio cable option Incase these die... so you’ll be carrying a second set of corded headphones with you anyways. -finally, the tap to pause or talk to Siri option is a HARD tap. Not a gentle tap tap, but like a full finger pound TAP TAP. Who wants to do that on your delicate ears? Not I. Back to the store they go..
I got these for a Christmas gift and they were extremely big. They hurt my ears so much, the pain was too much to handle.
I started having connection issues within a month and now they have completely gone out. No sound at all.
The Airpods fall out of my ears unless I stay absolutely still. Doing anything active is impossible. If your ear canal isnt quite the right size and shape then you are out of luck. Do not purchase until youve had a chance to try them on and see if your ears can hold them in. All of the third-party workarounds are testament to how common this Airpod fit problem is. Unfortunately none of the third party solutions Ive tried work well at all.
Did not work for me
When working out they fall out.  They’re not very loud and they constantly disconnect.
These headphones finally came and they couldn’t connect I tried everything but nothing works these are defective and not supported by apple I don’t recommend.
Better than expected and do what I want every time, highly recommend. Never fall out of ear, sound is great, charge lasts forever. A+ UPDATE: Used them for 4 months. One of the airpods stopped working in the main speaker, rendering it useless. Went to Apple for help. They didnt, except to say itd be 80$ to fix it. Terrible experience, expected better for such an expensive product.
These are really nice and stuff but the only downside is you can’t strangle any coyotes that are tryna eat you up on your walk home so I would suggest getting the ones with cords on it
I bought the iwatch/Series 3. Which needs wireless headset for the phone feature. I begrudgingly purchased them at the Apple Store. They serve their pupose, sound is good and callers can hear me just fine. I dont like them because they are hard to handle putting in and out of case, drop easy and look weird. Im forcing myself to get over it because so far the alternative wireless headsets suck. Most are designed to fit over one ear and/or around the back of the head.  Im here checking Amazon in hopes of an alternative. Im still hunting but thought my review will help in your head phone shopping experience.
By now youve all read everything you can on these. Shame on Apple for taking so long to make these available!! Ive read many blogs that the AirPods lose their Bluetooth connection when using them to make a phone call. Happened to me often with my iPhone 6s. One remedy the bloggers gave was to just use 1 AirPod. It worked a little better but not by much. As Im starting to minimalize the size of some of my devices, I switched over to an iPhone SE but before I actually bought it, I connected my AirPods to it and made a 10 minute phone call. NO BLUETOOTH DROPOUTS! Do your research and dont blame the AirPods..... the issue appears to be with the 6 and 7 series of the iPhone. Hopefully the next iOS upgrade will fix the problem. Apple is well aware of it. Why 3 stars? The AirPods are average but to use them for phone calls.... the batteries dont last long at all.
Very disappointed with this order. I opened what looked like brand new packaged headphones only to find visibly used AirPods with earwax on both. When I paired them with my phone, they were already named “Sara’s AirPods”, and to make things even worse, the left AirPod does not charge properly. These are listed as brand new and in original packaging, and the headphones I received couldn’t be farther from that. Truly appalled.
Like most Apple products, these are shamefully overpriced. But because of the positive reviews I decided to give them a try. The sound quality is pretty good, not what Id expected for the price (theyre marginally better than my $40 sport earbuds Ive been using for 3 years). But my biggest complain, why I found them to be unusable, is that they wont stay in my ears. The left one, in particular, is constantly slipping out, so that when theyre in, its a constant source of frustration and worry and every couple of minutes I have to push it back in. If I dont do this, after about 3 minutes, it falls out. My daily commute requires me to pass through New York Citys busy Penn Station. Dropping an airpod there means its pretty much gone. Needless to say, this makes the ear buds unusable. So despite all the positive reviews, I find this an unusable product.
They are so low on max volume, you can barely hear them. Horrible.
These were used and the headphones came not even in the box. Red marks all over them. These are not shown as used.
These headphones were defective and would not sync to any Apple products.
I do not get the right product
Product was not wrapped as stated and looked used. Tho the product was marked as “like new” the description still contained that it was sealed and unopened. That was not true, product was opened and used.
Left ear AirPod does not work. Help!
I purchased two pairs of these Airpods.  One pair, when trying to connect to them via bluetooth, lists the Airpods as a phone number instead of "Airpods" the way the second set does.  This is a clear indication they are refurbished.  Someone else owned them.  I called the phone number that pops up and sure enough, it is someones cell phone.  I will be requesting a refund.  Be very careful.
I love the concept of having no wires and absolutely love the design and its case! I just wish it would fit better in my ears... they keep falling out and definitely with running.
I did not order this nor did i receive it
Sound quality was really poor.  They let lots of ambient noise in and dont fit well at all.  Dont expect to be able to exercise in them.  Battery life was very good and charging case was cool.  Mic for phone calls was pretty good, but not great.  Overall, I dont find them useful and prefer sound buts with a better seal and some sort of tether.
Two days after support window closed. Had been very impressed, but now one headphone doesnt work and I cant contact support, so Im stuck with it.
Its for sure overpriced, each ear people have has its own relieve so. Its falling a lot. Get that string to not lose it))
Wont stay in my ears.
The amount of time I spend per work day just trying to get these things to reconnect and to stop doing this weird cutting out electro thing, is absurd. If they worked consistently these would be awesome.
WTF! I just ordered these and the AirPods aren’t even in there !!!!
I use air pods. Disappoint that batteries don’t last very long, it jumps in and out quiet a bit. When I go to answer and it goes to my phone or my Apple Watch.It’s hard to tap on ear piece when you are answering it. . I think they are use more for music. I wish they would stay charged longer. I like that you can use one ear piece at a time. Clarity is the best I have ever had in a Bluetooth .
I succumed and bought a set of airpods. At first I was absolutely amazed. They fit great and sometimes I would forget they were in my ears. Everyone could hear me on conference calls even in a noisy environment. After a month of use and I do not use them every day nor very long per day, the right airpod would not connect. I let it charge overnight. Played a bluetooth game of repairing and walla it started working again. Currently the right airpod has quit again. A google search will reveal this is a common isuue.  I bought these at Best Buy due to a gift card I had recieved. I am eager for a fix or the next gen of airpods.
The one I got didnt connected to my iPhone even after 100 tries. The Airpods widget which should come up once you bring your Airpods close to Iphone was not coming up and hence, the Airpods were not being detected by the iPhone. I took them Apple store and they realized there is some problem in the product. So they replaced them and gave me new ones. The new ones are working awesome. So, I would say, as a product, Airpods are awesome but not sure if the ones sold here are authentic or not.
They WILL NOT UPDATE OR BE VERY USEFUL UNLESS YOU HAVE AN apple IOS AND HAVE TAKEN THE apple COOL-AID.
I bought one pair that were missing the buds, and the second pair I had a week before the lid popped open and I lost one while traveling.
Came with the charging port and cable but not the actual Airpods, when i opened the charging port there was nothing in it, this is ridiculous.
These work very well and connect easily to all kinds of devices such as computer, TV, phone... but the only downside is the battery life.  They advertise 5 hours of talk and listen time but this is not true.  2 hours max which is still good. The also charge very fast so you can use one while another charges.  Just sucks because he cant make it through a long move with a 100% charge.
Cant use it with two iPhones.  Unless they are on the same iTunes account.  Yes, it is 2017.  No, this isnt a multipoint bluetooth headset.  For the last 10 years, any bluetooth headset that costs more than $10 is a multipoint headset - you can have two different phones connected at all time and switch back and forth when you use one phone vs. the next.  But no.  Not with the $150+ AirPods in 2017.  The only way you can use it with two iPhones that arent on the same iTunes account is to unpair from one phone and pair with the other phone, something that isnt practical to do as you have a call come in and you dont happen to be connected to the right phone. Come on Apple.  I would think you would want to encourage people to have two iPhones - 1 for work and 1 for personal.  Which means two iPhone accounts. This was all confirmed by Geniuses at the Apple Store who swore to me that is how they work.  He understood my question and So I returned mine immediately.  I have absolutely no use for a $150+ set of bluetooth headsets that will only work with one phone at a time. Get it together Apple.  It is 2017, not 2001.
AirPods are just hard plastic wireless earbuds that provide zero noise isolation. Simply adding a rubber or silicone flange would go a long way to make the product better. Because of the poor isolation you can hear all background noise/sounds, requiring you increase the volume to overcome. Very bad for your hearing! Voice calls are very poor as well, whoever your calling will hear all background sounds as the mic apparently has no cancellation capabilities.  Returned my pair after a week of use, found them not useful at all unless youre in a very quiet area.
For music, I would rate these 5 stars. But as a Bluetooth speaker for talking on the phone almost 1 Star. It is shocking that Apple for the price, has not included any noise cancellation. We have tested it compared to a plantronics voyager. With the plantronics, I can vacuum or dry my hair and the person on the phone cannot hear it. With the Apple, it’s amplified. It’s a shame a company known for technology didn’t incorporate noise cancellation in a very overpriced product.
I’m guessing they were used, I only got one earbud.
Package came in very fast but when I opened it I got old apple headphones with the cable and an aux for a jack attached. Apple hasn’t used an aux for a couple generations and that’s really what I bought for $140+. Extremely disappointed with this product, what a joke
They fall out!
I like how portable its is but I can hardly hear it the valume is very low
Speakers don’t have much  power
SOUND QUALITY IS HORRIBLE
I am sure these are great for some peoples ears just a bad fit for me. Also the sound and volume i found to be poor. Could be due to a bad fit for my ears.
Sound quality is OK. They can be pretty glitchy at times, especially when you constantly use more than just one Apple device with them.
I bought this as a new pair of airpods. The description said is new, but what I received is clearly used and extremely disgusting (the airpods have a lot of ear wax). I dont even know if they are original and im not going to use them... I am sending this airpods back!
They are slick and comfortable to use. However, after only 6 weeks, the case will no longer charge. The Airpods will charge while both are in the case and the case is plugged in, but the case wont hold a charge anymore. It is supposed to hold a charge to keep the Airpods charged when in the case and not plugged in. Now i have to figure out how to get it corrected... /skf
I received an empty box.  It was sealed, however it contained zero headphones.
The item I received from seller was defected. It worked for few minutes and after that right hand airpod get disconnects all the time. Tried every possible way to figure out what was wrong from tips and tricks available from internet nothing helped me.
Once the Airpods are removed from their charging case, they begin losing battery charge at a rate of 5% or more per hour without exception. Even disconnecting them from all your devices doesnt put them into some sort of power saving mode. So if you leave them in your ears without audio being routed to them or you set them down outisde their case, on a desk or a nightstand for example, they will continue draining batteries remarkably quickly. There is no way to turn them off or put them in a battery saving mode, except to stick them back in their case. This might be fine for many people, but I find it extremely limiting and it largely defeats how I want to use them. All this combined with their occasional falling out of my ear makes this a disappointing purchase.
Let me start off by saying Im not a fan of Apple products.  But the convenience and sound quality of these turned me into a major Apple fan.  Great for music and for conference calls.  Only drawback with the airpods (and it is a major drawback) is that they fall out very easily.  Cant run with them.  Cant work out with them.  Just a matter of time before they land in a puddle or I step on one of them.
I use with my iPhone 7.  I have 3 sets and they sometimes charge and sometimes do not.  I have to put one earpod in to see if it is working and if not go to another one.  All 3 sets were purchased in the last year.  Apples support has not been good when I call them.
This product is not worth the money or I have a bad set.. they battery life is about an hour and one ear goes out! Not happy!
Do not buy this product because if you damage one of your AirPods or lose one it is impossible to buy a replacement from Apple (you will eventually lose or damage one of them). They insist you make a genius bar appointment and wait hours to have them tell you have to pay 50% of the new price for a replacement AirPods. Any normal company would have just sold you a replacement when you asked to buy one. This is company is going down hill. They used to be expensive and customer centric. Now they are just expensive......
Returning right ear does not work.
They hurt
second hand product, i cost two price of transportation. And having earwax in the headset. disgusting...
I cannot use these with other than Apple devices. I also have Amazon Dot - but cannot use the bluetooth as there is no volume control on AirPods. I also have DISH - but again, AirPods have no volume control. It is on MAX volume all the time. I also have some other devices where the earphones should control the volume, NOPE! IF you only use with iPhone or other Apple devices (I have iPhones, iPad and Apple TV, great! They work wonderfully!!! BUT if you are like me, you get frustrated with all the devices that dont work!
I purchased my Airpods directly from Apple. I waited quite a while hoping the shipping schedule would improve, but alas about 10 months after initial release, I decided to bit the bullet and wait 6 weeks for arrival. That was a bit disappointing, however if the product had lived up to the hype surrounding a product I had to wait so long for, Id definitely have been more pleased. Unfortunately, the wait has definitely exacerbated my exasperation with what to me is a disappointing product. My disappointment relates to the very poor reliability and therefore usability surrounding making and receiving phone calls. I didt expect premium sound or infinite battery life. I did however expect reliable usability. Quite simply, I expected to be able to use the Airpods much as I had wired headphones for making and receiving calls. Specifically, when a call comes in, and I dont have a headset on, I go ahead and answer the phone then when I am able during the course of the call, I plug in my headphones (or turn on and connect bluetooth) with little or no interruption of the call. This is clearly the functionality intended and advertised by Apple. Unfortunately, my experience has been that more times than not, when one or both Airpods are activated during a call, both parties to the call are stuck in limbo not hearing one another until I realize the Airpods have attempted to take over the call, but failed and left us hanging. The only solution is then to force the call back to either normal operation (sans headset) or to speakerphone. When youre in the middle of an important call and trying to free hands so you can continue other tasks (or look up information pertinent to the call) while keeping the side of the call you cant control private, its extremely off putting when the audio seemingly fails at times prompting the other party to simply end the call (thinking the actual call has failed.) Its one thing when you have a temporary glitch connecting Bluetooth trying to listen to Robert Plant screaming Black Dog in your ear. That I can cope with (although I will say that the functionality is ironically much better when trying to listen to music). Its quite another experience when your boss thinks your call is dropped for the third time today right after you answer the phone. I give high marks for intentions, good marks for music and design, no or negative marks for phone call usage and poor marks for the anticipation built surrounding a disappointing product due to the extended shipping timeline. Based on the overall high marks on Amazon, I would assume the vast majority of people either review the product before theyve amply tested it or use Airpods rarely or never for phone calls. I do not believe Ive got an exceptionally defective pair but do believe the issue is widespread. Do some research online searching "trouble connecting Airpods during phone calls" and see if Im a rare case. If you intend to use the product mainly for listening to music, youll likely be pleased. If your intention is to use it primarly for phone calls, youll likely end up like me shying away from picking up your Airpods for fear of technical issues with your phone calls.
Do you want to pay lots of money for the privilege of walking around looking like you have tampons in your ear? then this is your product. with blue tooth head sets going out of fashion there was a serious void in "expensive things i can wear that make me look stupid" niche market .Well count on Apple to know how to innovate in that field! Now the folks at the indie coffee shop  will have to respect you for being a the for front of misguided loyalty. (that uptick in giggling around you really is directed at you when you wear these)
While these headphones are incredibly comfortable and have a fantastic battery life, this may not be for the individual to use if theyre frequently around any background noise. While they do cancel out some noise, such as when youre driving a car, they do a poor job of cancelling background conversation or other things happening. While my husband is using them at work, I often get irritated because the background sounds are so loud, I have a hard time concentrating on what Im saying. We end up hanging up after I ask him to call me back when hes in a quieter place.
Bf loves them said they only last about 2 hours.
The box came empty!! No headphones I’m disputing whatever i paid
Great headphones that stay in place. Unfortunately they do not change the song or answer calls when you tap them like they should
Opened this product, tried to connect and it did not work. Called Apple support and looks like the item is damaged or not working properly after trouble shooting on two separate apple devices to ensure they were the Airpods. Item was also a bit dirty and potentially had been used as there were white/light specks indicating possible ear wax. Now I need to go to the Apple Store to see what my options are. Would highly recommend not purchasing from Amazon.
Received used
This, ladies and gentlemen, is on record the saddest review Ive ever left for any Apple product.  Right off the bat - Im a hardcore Apple fan literally since the early 80s, since their Mac Classic.  Im an industrial designer myself, so I was beyond disappointed in these headphones.  PLEASE NOTE - its impossible to give it fair stars in amazon reviews above since this product must clearly be graded on 2 distinct levels: 1 - sound and 2 - function.  #1 is easy - EASILY 5 stars, and I would give it 10 if I could.  The sound coming out of these miniscule headphone is truly amazing.  Best Ive ever heard with plenty of bass (to my surprise) and feeling genuine highest quality sound in a concert hall.  This is where I give them 5 stars - Apples audio engineers did their job.  To my dismay Apples designers did not.  How did this product get past Jonathan Ive and their testing is beyond me.  Were talking ergonomics 101 here - these earbuds are TOO BIG to fit into my ears and Im a normal 46-yr old male with normal ears.  Ive used multiple earbud headphones before and they fit perfectly well as they should be, the Sony ones in particular.  2 things that make no sense to me at all: - Airpods are ridiculous big to stay in any ear canal - Worse yet they are perfectly polished, so theyre slippery with no attempt to overmold even a small portion of the earbud with silicone for better friction with skin. So after finding out there are a ton of 3rd-party silicone hooks being sold, I bought and tried no less than 5 - FIVE - different ones.  Only one of the 5 - AHA hooks - worked semi-acceptably, the rest of them, top-rated here, were not working at all for me.  Most of them are too thick, which makes these airpods even less ergonomic in ear.  Yet what made me return the Airpods today is the fact that only after a few days of use the right one literally just quit working.  Never dropped, never stepped on, never damaged, synched in with my phone and working fine till it wasnt any more.  This is far beyond what my patience will take.  This is probably the worst-designed product of the Apple design team and its a shame.  They couldve made it so much better simply by making them smaller and coating them with proper friction coating to stay inside the ear and not making their customers go out and experiment with a bunch of 3rd party ear hooks.
Comfortable and good sound quality but literally every single person around you can hear what you’re listening to if the volume is over 1/3 of the way up
Empty box worst
The product was fine.
These are not ready for prime time.  Sound is great, but music is constantly cutting out. On my last run I counted 22 times the music cut out.  Its annoying as hell.  They do an OK job of staying in, but if you use aftermarket headphone holders to keep them in your ears, you have to remove them in order to get them into the charger.  I was hoping for far more from Apple.
First of all, you can only pause music. No possibilities to skip tracks — this is awful. Sometimes they lost the connection and music play with delays. I run with it and everything will be fine. It was never dropped from the ears.
I took great care of these airpods and they broke for absolutely no reason. Sound no longer plays out of the right air pod at all. Additionally, they fall out of your ears every 10 seconds.
They were too big for my ear. I was afraid if I wore them that I would lose them
I literally got a black playdoh instead of getting airpods like i ordered
I purchased for my daughters 16th birthday and she discovered one of the earbuds doesn’t work at all. Default. Sending back for full refund!
If any other company produced garage like this it would be gone a long time ago. Apples cult folowers are trained to love everything this company produces. Dont bother with this junk. Android sounds so much better and gas come a long way in the last few years. Makes this look very lame. 3 people I know bought this, 2 have since switched to Android and are loving it. Apple uses cheap old tech, charges outrageous prices, and does everything in its power to try to stop anybody but its own way overpriced licensed techs from working on your equipment and then passing on the cost to the consumer. If Steve Jobs was still with us, things would be different. Vote with your wallet, people, these tech companies are flush with your cash and crazy with power.
Right side has stopped working
This piece of garbage dies after a couple hours and on top of that sometimes they don’t connect. And there’s no way to maunaully connect them. Or any screen/app to control them. Could be sooo much better.
Left one is from this seller.it is bigger than real apple airpods.
I love how functional they are but the right ear bud stopped working after only a month!
I expected better for the price. They are nice and work very well. Easy to connect. Easy to use. But the sound quality is no better than the wired headphones.
I wouldn’t know!!! I ordered wireless earpods with charging case and USB cable .... somehow the picture below doesn’t look like what I ordered
I ordered these in January, never mis handled them, didnt get them wet and suddenly they stopped charging. Ive checked the cable, what is possibility of getting them replaced?
Battery life for this item is not what I expected given the cost it could have been better
Fake AirPods I soon I get it I found out that those AirPods are fake
has issues where one side left or right wont work.. gets annoying to have to do the trouble shooting steps over and over .. wonder if all of them have this issue or just this one ???
There is a huge blasting noise every time I put the left AirPod in my ear. This is the worst experience I have had with Amazon products. The left AirPod does not even work.
terrible. these things dont pair properly. and drop calls constantly. A for effort but F for execution on these apple products.
Save your money until they get some things fixed. Many times I have went for my AirPods to go on a bike ride. Finding pods not charged. Case is still charged, pods went in not discharged. Left will not hold a charge. After in the case for a week, right pod died within minutes, while left had no charge at all. I totally charged both pods in case three days prior to make sure I had a charge, as I have had issues before.
Helping
I use these for my running routine and they’re great when they charge. I use them a few times a week and sometimes the battery on one earbud is dead and I’m stuck having to listen to one. Word to the wise: charge them frequently.
the product is so expensive and the delivery is so terrible!
great earbuds - but buggy! i lose phonecalls and cant hear people when they are in my ears and i answer them. going to wait for 2nd generation
I LOVE THESE, but, I should note here: Ive had to return my 1st pair to Apple, and get it exchanged, because of these frequent weird clicking noises in them (When its totally quiet, is when you can hear it the most) But the 2nd replacement pair from Apple Store, was also still making tiny clicking noises, albeit much more quietly. Thats just something to be aware of!!! Other than that, I love these little buggards
I don’t know why I bother buying brand name accessories when they’re usually not worth the price.  Quality is horrible.  I’ve had these for about a month now and it keeps disconnecting, even when I am right next to my phone.  I’m on meetings everyday at work and I can’t rely on these earphones to last the entire call without disconnecting.
I love Apple products but I am surprised that the headphones aren’t on target like their other products. I use these to listen to music from my laptop and I find that I have to reset on and off many times to get both ear pieces to work at the same time. I realized too about needing to recharge it a lot if I am working 9 hours but that is managaeable. I don’t like the part where the ear pieces aren’t working on both sides and I have to restart the music player completely for it to work properly. Dissapointed.
The speaker in the right ear blew out on me and I have no idea why. They never were wet. To make things worse, it happened just after my return window closed.
Great sound. But NOT for sports, they slip and bounce right out of sweaty ears. Consider your planned use carefully, and buy where you return if it doesn’t work for you.
They don’t work. The right ear bud goes out every 10 minutes. They stop working for no reason, even after fully charged
Battery keeps dieing Sound quality is bad
I ordered a new pair, the package from APPLE was open, and everything box had been removed and it was up side down and backwards in box. We reboxed it , printed return label and sent them back without blue- toothing to my phone. Was creeped out someone’s used them.
Hate it as it slipped out of my ears.  Apple earbuds never fix me, so instead of returning it I bought extra accessories to hold them with my ears.  Sound quality no doubt is great, but if you are like me who can’t wear normal Apple ear buds, please research and get other brands which is 1/3 if the price and they stay in my ears even when I am at the gym running.
Life time on these sucks, LG for $99 is worth having more these AirPods for 169...
Purchased these right when they came out. They have never worked as advertised which is open them up and they seamlessly connect to your device. This only happens some times. The left ear piece had trouble connecting and Apple replaced them with a new pair. Same issue with new pair except the right wont wont connect all the time. Pairing sometime works great (you should not have to pair them more than once though). Today I unpaired them and could not get them to re-pair. Apple support could not either. I also used these with my Apple watch when they were working. They are suppose to pair automatically with the watch after you select the source however if you are near your iPhone they constantly pair with the phone even though I told them to pair with the watch. Solution for this was to have to turn off my iPhone. Bottom line they just do not work like they promised IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT BUT WAIT UNTIL VERSION 2!!!! Sound quality was just ok also nothing great. Apple is replace them AGAIN.
Edit: Since my first review of these airpods, Ive upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime to the Samsung S9. With that, my airpods no longer crack or have any static while using them within normal range. Ive increased my rating from 1 to 3 stars. My reasoning for this is that I now very much enjoy them now, but they will not connect properly with every phone out there. This is new tech and requires a newer phone too. Original: Honestly, these apple airpods are a scam. The amount of static and interference that goes on is unbelievable. A 5 minute song is 3 minutes of static and cracking. Dont buy this at all for any phone. Theyre garbage and just a statement. I would return them but the deadline is up.
The product I received was a knockoff. I DID NOT RECEIVE AN APPLE PRODUCT
Im updating my review...  Ive used these for 6 months now, and I have to say I am disappointed with them.  I am comparing these to a cheap $40 pair of ear buds I purchased 4 months ago.  The main problem I have with these is that there is no noise isolation.  This is a problem for 2 reasons.  Having a silicon gasket that isolates noise blocks noise from coming in and going out and secondly it helps to hold the earbuds more secure in your ear. I notice when I run, I need to push in the airpods every couple minutes or else they will fall out.  The jarring of running dislodges the airpods from your ears.  As they become lose you need to turn up the volume to hear your music.  If you push them back in, they become too loud.  There is a lot of ambient noise you hear from the room because there is no noise isolation.  As these airpods become lose, they loose a lot of base and the sound becomes tinny.  When you push them in the sound is great, but I find myself always pushing them back in - but that only lasts a couple steps before they are jarred lose again. Noise isolation goes two ways.  People around me can hear the earbuds because the noise is not isolated, and you have to crank up the volume.  I sometimes listen to audio books in bed.  If I use the airpods, my wife can hear noise coming from the airpods and it keeps her up.  Noise isolation will keep these noises isolated to your ears. The other issue I have with them is that they are asymmetrically designed.  Left goes in left ear and does not fit into your right ear.  I often listen with just one ear piece in so I can pay attention to whats happening around me - kids fighting.  I cant just pull that out and stuff it into my other ear - it doesnt fit.  I need to put the correct ear piece in the correct ear.  My $40 ear buds are symmetrical.  If one ear is fatigued with the ear bud, I just swap it over to the other ear. The net of this is 9 out of 10 times when I listen to music/audio books, I reach for my cheapo $40 ones.  Better sound, better fit plus you can buy 3-4 pairs of cheapos for the cost of one set of airpods.  That 10th time that I reach for the airpods is when I need to be on a conference call - the microphone is better. -------------------------------------- Just picked these up.  I looked at the reviews of several wireless headsets and this had the best ratings - which lead to my purchase.  Also considered the bose, but these were smaller and apple has a great reputation.  People also rated to bose lower. Great sound quality.  Great design.  Very innovative. I was able to sync these up with my Samsung S9 without a problem.  These are by far the best sounding wireless headset Ive tried. The charging is brilliant.  I love how the magnets just grab them and pull them in. What I dont like about them is they have poor range.  My phone was in my golf bag and I went to putt.  The headphones cut out around 30. The other thing I dont like is that I went running in these and one fell out of my ear.  The "one size fits all" approach doesnt work for my ears.  If Steve Jobs was alive, Im sure hed tell me my ears are defective.
Deseo saber cómo reclamar un pedido cancelado que no fue recibido en Peru
Item arrived damaged
If you want to look ridiculous while working out, then they are for you.  Seeing people at the gym bend over to pick up the one that fell out of their ear has become an everyday occurrence.  Not sure why they have a 1 inch piece hanging off them when they are wireless.  I guess it is too much to ask to just have them rest in you ear like a hearing aide.  Whatever the case, I wont wear them again.
Everything is fine, with the exception that the charging cable thag came with my airpods is not compatible with the charging case itself, so I only have a few charges available.
I had a love and hate relationship with the Apple AirPods. I really enjoyed and loved the benefits of these AirPods. The easiness of pairing them with my iPhone and other Apple devices is incredible. The sound, which they sound better than the EarPods, it’s just amazing. Now, I had no issues using them in the area were I live which is outside NYC. Used in them in the house for calls, at the gym(until a few days ago) and commuting to work with no issues whatsoever. However, once I reach the city, the AirPods are unusable while walking the streets. There is too much interference and the sound drops constantly (I believe this is called stuttering). I read that others are having the same issues in different areas in the city, and that this is the same with other Bluetooth headsets but cannot confirm it since these are my first Bluetooth headphones. I really, really, really wanted to like them 100%, but for me they are to unreliable.  I hope that this review help others in deciding whether to buy them or not. I decided to return mine since I started to have the same issue at the gym. Also, I bought this headphones at the Apple store, not at Amazon. I just wanted to tell my experience with the in NYC since I read that others where having the same issues.
Music control with Airpods is HORRIBLE. Siri needs to be able to wake up DURING music. You should be able to say: "...hey Siri, lower the volume..." DURING music playback, and have it happen instantly. This whole idea of 1)Tapping, 2)Wait for Siri, 3) Give Siri command, 4) Wait for Siri to figure out how to do command then execute, 5) Unpause the music, is completely ridiculous. Compare that to my LG Tone: 1) Push volume button either up or down, 2) volume changes. LG wins hands down. Current Siri control of music is for the birds. I will probably sell these to someone else. Forget about answering a phone call by putting an Airpod in your ear. They pair VERY slow and it wont work. This product is not ready for prime time. Edit one-August 2017 The AirPods are getting so bad I deducted a star. I just had a phone call where the call was breaking up because the phone was in my pocket! Yes they are that bad. Also, sometimes it takes over 30 sec for them to pair. Yes you read that right. 30 sec. AirPods are NOT ready for prime time. I wouldnt even call this product a beta-more line an alpha version. Wait until they work out the kinks. Dont know when that will be but for now that are borderline unusable. Edit 2 - August 2017 Siri on the AirPods is horror show bad. What happened? I thought the mics on the AirPods were supposed to be super duper advanced. A lot of times it cant understand even simple commands. Also, very often you really have to bang the AirPods really hard to get Siri. Any guesses as to how annoying that is? Edit 3 - August 2017 Supposedly pairing being so easy is a big selling point. I have put one in my ear and had to wait 15 sec while it made multiple attempts to pair. So much for THAT I guess. Edit 4 - August 2017 Phone calls are horror show bad. The mics on these things may or may not be good, but people can BARELY hear me on phone calls. Sometimes they can. Sometimes not. Well, so much for using Airpods for phone calls. I have a feeling the people who gave five stars did so because they didnt want to look like chumps for spending over $150 on something that barely works. Cant say I blame them - I feel cheated by Apple. Edit 5 - OK it is official: the microphones on the AirPods are worse than bad. The slighest bit of background noise knocks out your ability to make phone calls. And Siri often either can’t hear you or understand you. These AirPods are for early adopters for whom the novelty of wireless separate speakers outweighs how well they work. I hope Apple wakes up and at least fixes the horrible abysmal speakers. Edit 6 - This is the final entry. I lost the iPods. Of course there is no "Find my iPods" if they are in the case. One more thing to love about them I guess. What a relief. Back to using my LG Tone HBS-810. About 5000 times more convenient. Hey Apple, let me know when you have something that actually works.
I doesnt like this AirPods because its was poor  bluetooth connection with my phone and 1 week after that i decided to  return this product and from the Amazon after 10 days ( today 10-26-2018)  business days still  doesnt refund my money back. DOESNT RECOMMEND FOR THIS AIRPODS.
These are nicely designed, but quite frustrating to use in practice. They dont pair reliably as advertised. I *always* have to go into bluetooth settings and manually connect with these on my iPhone 8. Only very seldom does simply opening the case near the phone and putting the airpods in work. Speaking of the case, Ive just discovered that you have to have the case in order to connect. Ive just left my case in my car and had my airpods in my pocket. When I got to my office, I could not connect at all. These issues make these much more unreliable to use than wired headphones, which "just work", an an Apple device should. Aside from these pairing issues, these are great. They are especially nice for biking and running, and didnt fall out for me on a 5k run and 10 mile bike ride (wireless is the way to go for biking). Around the house, the range is quite far and with a reliable connection. They are a bit uncomfortable, but this is a personal mismatch (my left pod is comfortable; my right pod isnt) rather than an issue with the pods themselves.
Will not consistently connect to bluetooth without shutting phone off and going through the entire connect process.
The pairing is simple, but they need to do the same for volume control. Using Siri is a joke. I spent 20 minutes trying to get the volume to change with Siri with no luck. Siri would ding and then close.  (Yes, I turned on Siri from the lock screen) Maybe they will fix this in the next version.
It break down one peace
I wish I could give zero stars. These DO NOT WORK. After purchasing my first pair Apple has replaced it twice, and my third pair just broke again this week. Always the same: random audio dropouts on either the left or the right side. Apple clearly knows theres a problem as they replace practically no questions asked (rare for them to EVER admit theres a problem with their hardware). Im not even going to waste time standing in line at the ridiculous Apple store this time: theyre in the trash. Dont throw your money away. Every one I know who owns them has the same problem.
Worst decision I have made in a long time. I expected way better for $150. These AirPods continually loose connection from my iPhone! Forcing me to go into the settings and reconnect them. The whole point of these were for the ease of use with other Apple products!!!
Mediocre sound, fairly comfortable, and truly wireless. But the real problem is a tiny slippery case with no lanyard that easy to drop and easy to lose. The case must have slipped out of my hands a dozen times in the first week, challenging the case and its contents to break. The last straw was when the case slipped out a pocket, never to be found. I suspect this pricey set will go through a dozen or more people who lose it, find it, and lose it — over and over again. You are far better off with a wired set that is sure to find its way home with you. Other drawbacks: No volume control, finicky pause control requiring precision tapping, and sharp edges on the ear piece. Sound quality is mediocre. Stick to a more conventional setup.
Hate them. The battery only lasts 2 hours. Sometimes I’ll be on the phone and the phone will randomly connect to the AirPods even though they aren’t even in my ear.
Product will not charge after one month of use.
6 week shipping for any product is a joke! Very unreasonable in my opinion. Dont believe Apples story that they are manufacturing them as fast as possible. Their interest is only to make interest off your $160 for 6 weeks. What a big bully they are. Stand up to the Apple Giant now and buy elsewhere. If not, be prepared to wait 8 weeks, 3 months, 6 months in the future.
what a joke
The Apple Airpods are decent.  I had a concern about how they would stay in my ears, as the Earpods never would stay put.  Without the cord, they stay in better than I had thought they would but I still would be careful in the bathroom or near a sink.  They are useful when walking or sitting, but they do not work well when doing a vigorous workout.  The lack of controls that the unit has is frustrating.  It would be nice if a single tap would play or pause, a double tap would advance a song and a triple tap would go back a song.  This is standard on most units with inline controls.  Also, there is no volume control.  You can use Siri to do this, but by the time you double tap to get Siri, tell her to increase volume and then the increase actually occurs, youd have been better off going to the device to increase volume.  It is not a fast process.  You can use an Apple Watch, but not everyone one has one (I do have one but stick find it annoying to use for volume control).  While pairing is easy, it does not transfer between devices very well.  For example, if I am paired to my phone and then want to transfer to my iPad or Macbook, you basically have to re-connect to the other device instead of it intelligently recognizing and transferring.  Bluetooth woes on a Macbook also still seem to be present (an issue with any other Bluetooth headphone so obviously a flaw in the Macbook).  The other thing to consider is ambient noise that these let in.  If you are at home in a quiet space, it works well.  Go out into an area where there is other noise and you will have to really turn this thing up to hear the music.  There can be pros to this, such as if you want to still be able to hear what is going on around you, but this could still do a better job of noise control while still letting in some ambient sounds.  At the end of the day, they are not bad looking after you get used to them and they are well built, but functionality is lacking.  I like Apple products but I will stick with someone like Bose who knows how to do headphones.
$295 for wireless ear buds?????? You would have to be out of your damn mind. I bought a set of wireless ear buds last Summer for $25 on Amazon. I use them at the gym everyday and they still work and sound amazing.
So expensive. The price should be $160. My advice to all dont buy it because you will support people to sell things from the black market and also expensive prices
Works Well, amazing fast setup, but anyone with an iphone can pare it, without your permission, but to be fair, the same goes to any bluetooth earphone. It seems that mine arrived with a deffective airpod, only the left one can pick up and talk, the right one is having some issues, hope theres a way to update or fix it. Other than that, setup is a lesson to any other developer on how the user experience has been raised.
Smooth hard plastic + sweat = pushing them back in your ears all the time.
looks hideous
This is ridiculous, overpricing of a product which is just $159.
Im in the wholesale business but greatly in the technology and product management side. Im telling you right now, IF these worked like shown on paper, real price is easily $299, easily. Granted Apple Im sure isnt making much but Im telling you right now, these absolutely have issues that will be eventually creeping out. Im very impressed with them but Im telling you now, the defects will be bearing their ugly heads soon, I already see the not so small issues.
Garbage! Ripoff! Id wait the 6 weeks over at apple
I bought it couple days ago from the store and Im really disappointed ! Didnt fit my ears perfectly !
I just got these last week and pairing is great.  Fit comfortably. BUT - heres the crazy thing.  They will connect fine with music.  Connecting to make voice calls is inconsisent.  Meaning, sometimes it connects, sometimes it doesnt.  It shows the call is connected but cant hear anything.  I then try to switch to speaker and still wont work.  It freezes.  And answering calls is even worse.  So if you want something to just listen to music, this is great - but dont count on it to make voice calls.
I dont know I was a little girl but I had to go to the gym and she was like I was a little kid and I was like a little girl and I was like a little girl and I was like I said she would like
I tried a pair for an hour given how great people said they were. Some say theyre the best earphones theyve used (theyre actually IEMs but ok). So my feeling overall is mixed. Firstly, they are comfortable and fit in the ear nicely, but like pretty much all IEMs ( in ear monitors) you will benefit from purchasing comply foam tips. I didnt have the capability / time to do this so I didnt get full isolation. Therefore Im sure the sound around me could have been blocked out much more sucessfully. wireless IEMs usually have much lower sound quality simply because theyre wireless, but these do a pretty decent job of low end and mid range. Nice bass reproduction with clear mid range, but the clarity in the high end is definately lacking when compared to my 1MORE triple driver IEMs. They seem sturdy enough and well made but to be honest, the price is too much. However if you can pick some up for around the $150 mark youd be hard pressed to find unwired IEMs around that price that sound better. The hour I spent with them they stayed the full charge but I cant comment on how much longer they would have gone....but the signal was never lost or broken. Bluetooth IEMs will never replace wired, thats a fact. for $100 , and theyre less now, the 1MORE triple driver IEMs are the best money can buy, they sound as good as a pair costing 4x the money....and many have said so. but because apple lean toward wireless bluetooth tech , and if you really must go wireless without an adaptor, then these will work ok for you. just know, your music can sound better....for much less
What is with this overpriced, and even then $100 above retail price crap?
Over priced
Got these from the Apple Store and I cant say Im very impressed. They just feel cheap and unfinished. Music cuts in and out intermittently and the actual construction of them is questionable. Its the first apple product that made me  re-evaluate the quality of the entire brand. Yes they work better with your new iPhone than any other Bluetooth earphones, but what are you expecting when theyre both made by the same brand?
Why not just buy an inexpensive bluetooth device - like MPOW? https://www.amazon.com/Mpow-Bluetooth-Receiver-Streambot-Hands-free/dp/B00MJMV0GU/ref=lp_8886508011_1_1?srs=8886508011&ie=UTF8&qid=1488555754&sr=8-1  I am using one right now.  Works great and has pretty much all the functionality.  For around $20.  Yes you can use it with your old wired headphones and standard jack. I should make it clear I have not purchased the Apple Airpods - do not see why - but do have a latest model iPhone.
as all Bluetooth ear phones go the sound is ok. but a potential to put a bomb in my ear is dangerous. ill change for a much more better sounding wired one thank you.
If you play any sort of rhythm games, get the newer models.
Love my AirPods, but they only work when they want to, sometimes they work and then decide they don’t wanna work, with an Apple product I’m just disappointed
Bought this product on May 4th and just start using less than a month.  The right airpod does not work and disconnects.
Broke upon opening
These only work half the time. They quit for no reason & sometimes blue tooth disconnects. Not sure if they are just a bad pair & need returning.
Un audífono nunca funcionó
Worst product I ever bought! Too small and doesn’t fit well!!! Doesn’t hold charge long. I wish I never spent my money on this
I always had to manually pair these with my phone. They would randomly disconnect while I was on a call. The right ear pod became muted after one year of use.
The left ear barely works
Quit after 3 months. Apple store would not replace due to “water damage” from perspiration from jogging. If you want these for use while exercising don’t buy them.
Did not come in the original apple box Was clearly used by someone else One pod does not charge at all
I have not had these long at all, and they already keep skipping on and off. Is there any type of exchange for the money I paid to get a new pair? this is a joke for $150 to work less than 6 months! I am not happy!
These are fake lol, they broke after like 2 months of having them. Definitely would not recommend.
I havent even had them four months and now they wont charge. I didnt mark them at 1 star because they are amazing when they work. But I marked them down significantly because... they should last longer than four months!
Help me get into contact with whoever I can talk to for support
When I first got my AirPods, they would not connect to my iPhone. I would follow the instructions to the letter, look up alternate solutions online, even try the craziest of ideas and still nothing would work. I wouldnt be till three hours later till I decided to take the AirPods to my local Apple Store. after an hour the genius would tell me the the charger and the left AirPod would be unable to work with each other. They would then replace the charger and the left AirPod with a compatible set. It seemed like a lot of wasted time to order it online, wait four to five days to have it delivered and go to the Apple Store to have it fixed rather than just buying a pair at the apple store. It does sound hypocritical to complain about the choices that you take and blame the company. However, this is not just a review, it is a warning. BE PREPARED TO TAKE IT TO THE APPLE STORE
A little expensive
Paid $150 bucks for the airpods to work exactly 4 months!!! Im very disappointed. will change my review, if they end up replacing them...until then gave 2 stars because when they worked, they were amazing! but should have lasted, at the VERY LEAST, a year!!!!
Received these AirPods in February. It’s July and they aren’t changing! WTH!! For this price I should have no issues especially the first year! Super irritating
I got my AirPods and now  3 month later they are having troubles staying connected.
I like the name and the idea but mines make a weird sharp sound in my ear that I don’t like when no music or anything is playing I don’t like that. Thought they would be better bought them brand new.
For about an hour they work fine then they disconnect. Once paired again they disconnect even faster. So my only problem was the constant disconnecting.
Loved the quality. But misplaced them somewhere in my house and battery life wasn’t strong enough to find them.  Still missing!
The sound quality in these are ok, and the connectivity is super easy. I use my headphones to talk on the phone, and after less than 3 months, the microphones in these do not work any more. Really frustrating to pay that kind of money for headphones and they not last. There are some good things about these, but they get 1 star from me because one of the main functions that I use them for doesnt work.
Stopped working after a month
Great product, except it runs out of power way too quickly.
