Works as expected, charges fast, and I like the design
Works as described, i havent used the wireless charging on my phone since I bought it, but now that I have this I can use it. I really like the easiness of just throwing my phone on my nightstand to start the charging instead of having to reach down and find the right cable amongst the many plugged into my surge protector. Overall Im very happy with this buy.
Work great as described
Awesome charger and charges very well. One of the cheapest wireless chargers on the market. Very lightweight and comes with charging unit and cable. Does not come with wall plug. Great product
I have been waiting on getting a wireless charger for a few months. Most charging units were 40.00 but when I found UNBREAKcable had a unit 1/2 the cost it was an immediate purchase. Lightweight device. Comes with charging unit and cable. You will need to supply a wall plug but works well in my available USB port on my night stand. Absolutely perfect.
I had this charger for a few days. Item is compact and well made. The surface is grippy. I like the LED indicator light to show the status. I also like the USB-C port for connecting, which a game changer. Charger comes with a USB-C cable. Charger is a faster charger as long as you use the fast charge adaptor that came with your phone. The only minor issue is that you have to place the middle of your phone exactly on the charger. I also recommend that the charger be placed on a glass or temp resistant surface, since it will get warm.
Works great to wireless charge my Phone!
I never new my phone could wireless charge until I found this! Super awesome! Charges well. It comes with a 36 month warranty. Thanks for another great product UNBREAKcable
Works seamlessly with my iPhone XR, has a light that blinks green when phone is charging, light stays solid when charging is complete. Very good quality for the price. Good for travel.
I have been waiting for a wireless charger.  This one works just as fast as any other chargers I have.  I honestly don’t have any real complaints outside that I wish it was more of a stand design and not flat. But other than that it works quickly and accurately.  I’m so pleased with my purchase.
I do like this wireless charger, this is the third one I have had now and what I appreciate about it is how thin it is. Its used to charge the iPhone 10 and have had no issues getting the charge to start right up. I have been considering building it into a desk, and the small profile and thin design make this a strong candidate to do so, if DIY is your thing. I would recommend this charger if you are in there market, its better than the other 2 I have owned by design and size and reliability
The Unbreakcable Wireless Charger works amazing. I really like the design in a matte black and the cable that connects to the energy it is a strong cable. It functions perfectly once that i put my iphone to on it automatically connects. It became handy when i am working and my phone is next to me and I do not have to worry about connecting a cable. It is just next to me charging.
Compact, easy to take with you. Phone does not slide around. Quick charging.
I don’t know how I ever existed with out this charger.  So many nights fumbling around trying to find cord or dropping phone with cord attached and cord getting all messed up. Now I don’t even have to think about it. Just slap it on top and I’m out.  Love it
Product works well and has a small red/green LED to let you know your phone is charging or when it’s charged. It’s very slim and very sturdy. I really like it.
This charger is a great value without sacrificing quality. This company has become my go-to for all accessories!
Seems like a great idea but I’m not sure if it should charge faster. But it works.
Works well with my iphone 8.  As is stated, will not work with models before the iphone 8.
I have used another Qi charger with my iPhone 8+ for some time.  The new Unbreakcable unit is much better.  Its less expensive and much faster than my old charger.  Using the charger is very easy and the single (two-color) led provides all the information you need.  As with all Unbreakcable products Ive used it is easy to set up; packing is simple and the device is built to last.  Finally, if you register the charger, they extend the standard 1-year warrantee to 3 years.  Great deal!
This is a reasonably priced wireless charger and works well. I have had no problems thus far charging my iPhone X with this charger. Recommended!
I tried this on my coworkers s10+ and my iPhone Xs Max, works great on both! Can’t plain about it. Does the job and comes with USB C which is a bit faster
Loved that i can quickly set it down for charge and pick it up freely without having to plug and unplug any wires. It had to be in the right spot to charge but i learned that was due to my thick case. Once i tried without it it worked great everywhere i placed it.
I use this when im working alot to charge my iPhone and AirPods and they work like a champ.
Its often handy to have a few of these at home, work and while travelling.  This is a good wireless charger that has a non-slip pad so it holds your phone pretty well.  If you connect it to the right type of adapter, it will charge this great!  It is not very heavy so is portable.
