I used this product for gaming in ps4 but it’s works very well bit the mike it’s not good because I can here my self when I speak through it.
To be honest I expected a little bit more from the mic and the noise cancellation feature because when you have it on its like you are in a barrel but I guess that is the best you can get with a headset mic. I checked some reviews before so I was not really surprised. Still the headset is awesome, sound quality is great.
comfortable and has great sound.
Is perfect for gaming!
Sounds really good. I love the surround sound for online fps games. Been told my voice sounds a lot better from those I talk to online in a regular basis. I like that they light up like my mouse and keyboard (also razer)
So far no problems. Work like a charm
First time i heard a tank fire next to me in war thunder i jumped scared me how good it sounded but the material is a bit annoying if it get bent at all its difficult to get realigned
They work perfect, excellent build quality I have no complaints
Nice sound and are really confortable.
Ive never heard a set of headphones that I could compare to my $2000 surround system.
Excelente juego de herramientas. Envío súper mega rápido y buen precio. La caja del producto llegó daada pero el producto estaba intacto. Gracias.
Good job
I really enjoy to use this headset on a daily basis. Excellent for gaming or music!!!
A shame they dont have volume control and i need to use the computer for volune control aside from that, very good value for money
Works great. Easy to use
This headset is the best ever. I love it! Great headset for gaming! :D
my son adore it
Not only does this headset look great with the glowing chroma, but its very professional looking. I love how you can just faintly hear your own voice. Listening in on surroundings in-game is fantastic as well. I rate this headset 9/10 compared to all other console headsets. Definitely would recommend to other buyers
I absolutely love this headset. The sound is great, the ear cushions are very comfortable even after a few hours of gameplay. I wear glasses and this headset does not make my ears uncomfortable or pinch them. I like that while the volume is off or low i can still kind of hear my surroundings, but once the volumes up the noise cancellation kicks in and i cant hear a thing. The chroma is a nice feature, and although I obviously cant see it, its a nice aesthetic feature.  The microphone is wonderful, Ive had 0 issues with it. I like that it picks up my voice but not background noise (other than my very clicky razer keyboard) Overall I am very pleased with this purchase
Comfortable great sounds quality head phones
Good headset
Pros- Great bass and overall sound quality as well as the mic Cons- Noise cancelation is not the greatest
This headset is perfect for any gamer adding a good piece of equipment to their arsenal. The 50mm speakers are perfect for detailed audio quality where it’s needed in games like Rainbow Six Siege or Fortnite. The earmuffs are ULTRA comfortable and the adjustability works for almost any head. The adjustable mic that retracts is very nice if you want to just hear the game and don’t need a mic at the moment and the chroma ability on the logo makes it perfect for it to pair to your color scheme. Overall, this headset is amazing, I love to use it for gaming and music on my pc and my ps4 and I highly recommend
My son is loving it. He said its comfortable, the sound is great, and in games its perfect.
Had to set up to Razer cloud app. Set to right variables of everything
The 7.1 v2 is a much better headset than my previous kraken pro. It is made of metal which makes a huge difference, and the ear cups are extremely comfortable, comparable to a Hyper X cloud, maybe even better. The surround sound function works quite well. In PUBG for example, I can hear pretty precisely where firefights are happening, which buildings and so on. In Overwatch which I play a lot of, I can tell where enemies are before they get to me. The audio quality is quite good. I have a friend of mine who is a semi audiophile, and he is obsessed with them, at first he didnt know it was a headset and thought it was some ridiculously expensive pair of one off headphones. They are very good. Finally the microphone quality, It is also very, very, very good. I dont know how they did it but the sound quality here is stellar. The mic monitoring feature is also amazing, you can clearly hear yourself speaking with zero latency. This is a huge benefit in my opinion. If you are a shot-caller in game and you dont have a headset that has zero latency mic monitoring, you will be really happy. It makes the gaming experience much better. I stream on twitch and I  use a professional condenser mic, but half the time I think my voice sounds better on my mic monitor than on my stream lol. Most people would consider my gaming/streaming/video editing setup very high end and way overkill. I see my computer hardware as part of my interior design in my "office" and take aesthetics as seriously as function. This headset compliments my setup perfectly.
So far, this is one of my favorite gaming headsets.  Ive worn these for hours and doesnt bug me like other headphones do after a long period of wearing them.  Sound quality is great as well.  Mic is very clear as well.  $100 though, Id say its worth it.
I bought it for my nephew, he liked it very much ...
Nice sound and mic delivered my voice clearly to my team. Also didn’t know the sliver on the side would be metal and not plastic very nice headphones. The sliver white  aesthetic is just as pleasing in person as it is in the photos.
Excenlent, Class A Product
This is a great headphone.  Comfortable to wear.  Great sound and even if you are wearing glasses you will find it comfortable.
This set was very good overall. The quality was amazing and the microphone was clear and sounded good. Sadly, the microphone broke after 7 months of using it, but the time I used it, it was very nice.
Very comfortable, great sound quality, mic is clear. Great value for the money.
great headset/mic and great over all I love this and always use it when I watch porn or when I’m playing fortnite, or watching some good old fashioned anime.
They’re so comfortable and sound amazingly!!
I havent found a better gaming headset.  The sound is very good.  The fit and comfort are too.  I really like the way I can deploy the mic and how soft they feel on my head.
Great Headphones. Sound is great.
Much lighter than my first two pairs of Kraken 7.1s  and feels 10 more sturdy and by what all my buddies tell me the mic quality is far greater than what I used to use
Everything was excellent
Ive had some expensive headphones in my time of gaming. Everything from No-name $20 sets to Over priced Turtle beach sets that just couldnt cut the mustard. But these... These amazing beauties. First off this is my first purchase of a Razer product; not that Ive heard bad things, just never really appealed to me. But when I was in the market for a new pair of headphones because my mic stopped working in my old ones(a pair of $25 nothings) I figured Id check them out considering the hype surrounding the name. I wanted something that had full immersive surround sound for the horror games and FPSs that I play and planned to play. These have true 7.1 and using the Razer synapse app, you can customize the sound to fit your liking. I have never been more happy with a Gaming peripheral purchase. They fit snugly to my head without being to much pressure to cause a headache(an issue that I had with my old ones. The drivers in these push crystal clear footsteps and thundering bass of explosions. I will definitely be lining my desk with Razer Items from here out if they perform as well as these headphones. I got them for around $60-$70 sometime around black Friday of 2018.
this product has amazing sound quality, and it is very comfterble on my head and the duribility is really good.
I am so glad I bought this headset... The sound is fantastic, they are very comfortable on my head, they dont slip or anything they are adjustable... The earphones themselves are comfortable also, they cover my ears and dont rub or anything... I love that the mute button is right on the mic itself which by the way sounds very very clear... Hands down worth every penny.. Not sure why I bothered to buy anything but Razer... I would recommend this to anyone. To be fair they are midline pricewise... Not very cheap but not crazy expensive so affordable imo.. Get yours =) you wont regret it.
The only thing I dislike was that it was a usb connection but it still worked on my ps4. So it’s all good, I have 2 different headsets from this manufacturer and they have not let me down. I really recommend them if you can afford them.
Works great and well built
This headset is very durable. Ive been a logitech guy for  long time,but got tired of them breaking all the time with checp plastic prts when sstrength was needed most, Its Razor for me and I will never go back.
Got for my son for Christmas, he loves them.
My son is so very happy with this headset for gaming,  he has had problems with other brands in the past, so he was happy with his Christmas present.  Thank you Santa!!
I have had a older Turtle Beach pair, yah they good at that time. Served its  purpose . Then I bought these Razar Kraken 7.1 and WOW what a difference. You can adjust a combination on adjustments...Vol, bass, even seround sound. A real deal pair of headphones. Do recommend these.
These really immerse you into the game! Great quality and amazing sound!! Best gaming headphones we have ever had!!!!!!!
Great sound quality, very comfortable on the ears.
These headphones are really great!  The surround sound works great.  If you are a gamer looking for a good set of headphones I cant recommend these enough.
I literally just got back from Target with these things and love them!  Quick Story....I have the Astro A50s (newest gen wireless $300)  for my Xbox and have been moving them between my xbox and PC (didnt have a PC headset).  Finally decided to just buy a headset for my PC so I got some Corsair headset from best buy (wireless and like $90).  They didnt fit snug, fell off too easy, and were not loud at all.....at All!!!!!  Went to target and saw the Krakens on sale for $50, figured they had to be better then the Corsairs.  I cant believe I am saying this but I like these $50 Karaken headphones better then my $300 Astro A50s!  They get plenty loud, the sound is great, love the volume being controlled by windows instead of headset, and comfort is Fantastic!  Man am I happy I got these babies!
Better than expected
these headphones have very crisp audio, and a lot of bass which can be adjusted in razer synapse. and these headsets have the best microphone i have ever tried. the chroma lighting is also amazing. very durable and can be bent and used for a long time. Highly recommend these headphones.
I was worried Id have to pay 100s for this kind of quality but luckily I didnt. The headphones arrived 2 days after I ordered them in perfect condition, working perfectly. For the money I spent Im very happy with the purchase.
My 12 y/o son is a gamer and is ecstatic with this headset.  Loves it.
For gaming its amazing, you can hear your enemies steps really far away on battle royale games, i have been amazed the times i can hear someone that far.
Good product, would recommend.
Best headset yet
Nice product
Materia Quality feels super top notch not flimsy like others ive had nice sorround sound and with synapse 2.0 you really unlock its potential
so good
Excellent black Friday deal.
el sonido y el microfono es bueno. nada de ruido tanto en sonido como en microfono
I absolutely LOVE this thing! The surround sound is amazing. I can hear foot steps in games around me very accurately. I also use them to watch movies and listen to music and I am always impressed at the quality of sound. The headset is very comfortable and I wear them for 8-14 hours straight and never get uncomfortable. I take really good care of my belongings so I cant say too much on durability but its been several months and mine have absolutely no issues.
Using on PS4 there is no easy way to control the volume levels with this headset, but despite that minor inconvenience I still give this a five star. I had Astro A50’s before these and I have found that in every way the Krakens are much better for my ears and style of gaming.
Had them for almost a year now and it was worth it. Still no damage whatsoever to it and is also very comfy. Only problem is my dumb self bought it for xbox too when it clearly says it is not for that but otherwise perfect.
Disliked the USB hookup but still is an amazing set of head phones
Amazing headset. No complaints whatsoever. RECOMMEND!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. He tested them for about 2 hours and said they were great. I like that they were on sale and I absolutely LOVED the one-day shipping through Amazon Prime.
The sound quality is very good along with very well noise cancellation and a very comfortable head band and ear cushions. As for durability, I cannot say completely how durable it is because Ive only had it for a short time, however, it does feel like it was built with pretty good durability.
Yes! I love these. My son uses them for gamin with his PlayStation 4 and I use it with my iMac.
These headphones are designed for PC gaming, not console gaming. You get stereo audio instead of the 7.1. I tried them on a PC and they work beautifully but my intention was to use them on a console.
What we have come to expect from this fine company.
I believe title is incorrect.
This headset. Is prefect for gaming and sound. 7.1 surround sound is actually pretty good. This has A LOT of bass and I like it in my opinion. The overall sound is an A+ for me. The  durability on this seems to be pretty good, but I feel like the materials are pretty weak, like some places feel plastic. It’s also pretty big, but there isn’t any discomfort still. This also has a good microphone, wouldn’t recommend doing anything of voiceover on it, more like if you use discord or Skype, it’s pretty okay. You can change all the settings on Razer synapses program. It also has RGB lighting on the logo so that’s a plus. If you’re looking for a gaming headset with good bass and something that will give you a good advantage on some games like CS:GO or Rainbow 6 Seige, this is the prefect headset.
Ok the reason Im not giving it 5 stars is mainly because I had Amazon prime and it didnt deliver on its corresponding day but other than that the headset is pretty neat and lightweight as it was described! Especially since Im giving this to my older sibling since he likes to game a lot and I do too but I already have one of my own and he really needed an upgrade!
Nice
Good headset high price
It’s nice. Took some getting use to but. I love it
My Logitech wireless headset died after 4 strong years. That head set was over 120 dollars when bought. So I was rather up set and did not have the cash to buy a new one but was looking for a head set that you can talk with and hear very clearly. I bought two duds the first two weeks of searching. NEVER BUY A 20 DOLLAR HEADSET not worth. I gathered the money to buy this one and it is just the first day using it but this headset is awesome so far. I love the lights on the side and the mic moves (I like this bc i like to ear rape people often) The headset is also SUPER comfy. I will come back and edit this review the longer I have it but from the first day this headset is awesome so far.
Great sound and easy setup. Looks great!
It was like new. I love it. Bass is strong and the product is well made.
Very comfortable and it sounds great on the ps4! The only downside is that its a little heavy and you can feel it after 3 hours or so. But they are the best i have ever had!
The mercury white has to be one of the most fresh looking razer items out there. Not only does this offer the looks of a king, the quality is superb. Playing games where surround sound offers the ability to know the direction of enemies is utilized by the size and sound of the speakers. The head rest is soft which fits comfortably on your head while the big cushions on the ears provide support for hours on end with no pain. The retractable mic is nice, its out of the way when I need it yet, able to put into any position to speak into when I need it. Even though I bought mine used, I wouldnt hesitate to buy this product again.
Bought the first pair from Best Buy and loved them. My daughter needed a pair so I ordered on Amazon. I’m pretty tough on earphones and throw them around aand they still work and fit great. I usually go through 4 sets of different types each year, but been a year and they still work. Amazing
So I had to get a new pair of headphones because the Man o War ones that I had ended up breaking on the headband and was digging into my head. Ive had the previous versions of the Krakens and they did a pretty good job for a longer time then the MoW ones. I do like them, the quality of the headphones are better and Im always wearing headphones when Im at my computer so comfort is a must and these do well in that department for me. The audio quality is great, just as you expect from headsets these days. I will say I have not used the mic on these because I use a standalone mic but If theyre anything like the previous Krakens then theyll do the job just fine. I personally have two main issues with this headset. 1. The cord for it I find to be too short... the way my setup is I often end up yanking the cord on accident so I have to sit closer to my PC so that doesnt happen. However ive done that probably 4 times now and the cord seems fine for now. 2. These headsets are suppose to light up due to the Razer Synapse software but the Razer software never recognizes my headphones, it never shows up for me to have the logo light up so I cant do anything with that. Ive already tried reinstalling the software but Ive had this issue with multiple headsets from razer so I just leave them as it is.
The material really helps how durable it is. Sound quality is great, though I feel it does get a little bassy at times, but you can change that up. The 7.1 audio is terrific. I love it!
Ive owned this headset for over a year and a half, so Id say Ive a good sense of them. They feel sturdy and have withstood multiple drops (short drops) and is still in the same shape as the day I got them. They are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. I have the oval earcup version, which I would recommend getting over the circular ones as the oval ones are much more comfortable and wont pinch your ears. The mic is flexible and easily moves and comes out of the headset easily. The cord is an acceptable length for my setup, so I never had any issues with the length whether I was using it on PC or PS4. On the sound quality, I wouldnt consider myself an audiophile or anything but the sound good to me. Theyre definitely more bass oriented since theyre targeted towards gamers to enhance the sound of explosions and gunshots. When it comes to listening to music I think its fine, I listen to a wide variety of music and there wasnt any genre that I feel like they didnt suit. The mic is passable in regards to sound quality, its one of the better mics in regards to headsets, but it obviously wont rival a standalone mic.  My only complaint is that the Chroma didnt really work after a couple of months for whatever reason. Its not really a deal breaker considering that its on the earcups and you cant see them.
New chroma lightning with synapse 3. Not causing the hurt feeling for my ears, and it also match with my white setup, so its perfect for me
Bought these for my wife for her birthday.  She’s been on a long quest to find the right headphones.  She was blown away by the sound, started to giggle the first time she hopped into a game.  She finds them comfortable for long periods, and most importantly, because she wears glasses. That’s been hard to find all the things she wanted in one pair of headphones. This is it.
mis hijos quedaron muy contentos
Bueno producto para el trabajo o el hogar
Very nice headphones, rich in sound. RECOMENDED. They have helped me in games because of the 7.1 surround sound so i could hear peaple around me also insanely good noise cancellation. The only downside about them is that it is a USB instead of aux so i cant plug them into my phone and you cant get an adapter to fix this problem.
Purchased as a replacment for the Megalodan headset. Definite sound upgrade, as it should be seeing as the old one was 8 years old. The ear pads are a bit small and it is a little tight on the ole noggin, but that could just be my fat head. Most buyers will enjoy it and the mic is a nice design.
I love the sound on these headsets. Its a pretty big improvement on the previous (already fantastic) Razer Krakens. It is super comfortable to wear even over long periods. The build quality is really solid. Even though it is really big and bulky, it doesnt feel or look like it because of the ergonomic design.
I bought these a while ago and wanted to use them for a little while before submitting a review. I was a little skeptical when buying these becuase i heard some really bad reviews but my set has been great. I use them for gaming and for work and they are super comfortable. I can wear them for 8 hours or more and my ears will not hurt. the sound quality is pretty great as well and the dampen sound from the outside world which is a plus when you live in a house with 5 other people. Great buy
I liked it I just wish it was cordless.
Love the headphones
Loving these headphones! Great sound, its really boosted where I can have the volume at 40 and its where my old headphones were at 100. The only knock is the mic quality drops it down to four stars, it took a while to get it to where I was told the quality was ok. Had to do a bit of research online to find the right settings to get to this point.  All in all however for being a little more than I wanted to spend the headphones were well worth it.
I have not had a better headset.
As described, very nice.
Comfortable and nice
Got them for super cheap and it’s the best investment I’ve had in awhile. Build quality is top notch. Love the comfort of the earcups. Sound quality is excellent. I can hear footsteps a mile away on COD. Get em.
Razer definitely hit a home run with the white scheme and I wished they kept it going. Ultimately the mercury keyboard didnt work out for me because I dont like Green switches, so I returned the matching Mercury peripherals. Its a bummer they didnt work out because these headphones look incredible. The sound is very very solid as well. A little more on the bass side which I prefer for music and gaming immersion.
I bought the original version of the razer kraken 7.1 almost 5 years ago, and its spent at least 4 and a half of those being used and pretty badly abused daily. Ive tried the hyperX cloud 2, much better sound quality but the cord broke after 5 months. Tried 2 of the logitech wireless ones, everything was worse and they fell apart in like 2 weeks. They dont sound the best but the surround sound works pretty well, and they dont sound horrible- especially for the price. The mic quality is a little tinny but still surprisingly good even after 5 years. Theyre a little beat up but come on, theyve been thrown against walls, dropped hundreds of times, twisted into the shape of a pretzel, and endured 12 flights in a duffel bag under the plane. They still work perfectly, the cord has no connection problems unlike every other headset ever. Ive been using the V2 for about 2 months and I can tell that it is the exact same headset but with better technology. Buy this headset, it will last you longer than it logically should.
Easy to clean if something gets on the microphone and outstanding directional sound especially when playing something like Escape from Tarkov.
I cant complain for the price. It sounds awesome and has 7.1 surround.
The audio quality is great and theyre very comfortable to wear for long periods of time. The mic quality is also on par picking up some asmr level of sound if adjusted right. If need be you could take off the ear padding for easier cleaning or replacement. Even has its own audio balancing program that lets you set it to presets or customize it yourself for any audio experience you want. The padding also sorta acts as a noise canceler.
very good
Bought this as an add-on to my Oculus /  Elite Dangerous setup,  mic has really good audio quality, works perfectly in the game, I also use the headphone and mic to record memos into my cell phone for reminders later, perfect quality,  I do wish they would have included form to put over the mic to stop wind noise,  headphone audio quality is outstanding, I would recommend this headset to any gamer or as a gift for any gamer.
Sound quality is 10/10 theres no crackling what so ever no matter how high you put the volume. The bass is also very good. Just remember to update the drivers for your headset if there are any also there a built in mute button on the microphone tip itself which is very useful instead of having to go into discord to mute or binding a mute button.
Have purchased several other products trying to skimp on sound quality and save a buck. These are incredible for gaming and music. Gave all the others away!
I bought these for my teenage son. He loves them. He especially likes the retractable microphone. The sound quality is good for gaming and he states the headphones are comfortable to wear for an extended amount of time. He’s only had them for one month but so far so good.
Awesome product
Very good product for me I like it maybe mic can be more good but of course enough for chat with your friends.
Awesome weight and feel. Brings surround to another level with Razer Synapse. Really good customization.
Good sound on this.  Its held up so far pretty well, but too early to tell on the durability aspect.
Good quality sound and material
love it get it its nice and real
Been gaming for a very long time but this headset is probably the best Ive found at the price range. Sound and mic quality is great and the rbg is always great, just another great razer product.
I’ll be able to hear farts in Rainbow Six Siege now.
This will be my third headset and it has to be the best i have ever had. Sound quality is great the mic retracts and its usb no more pink and green plug ins. The best part id have to say though is the headband its gonna fit any noggin and its built to last very comfortable.
They have great sound and really comfortable cushions
My boyfriend enjoys them.
No issues,great quality.
Dont read more reviews, just go buy it!
The surround sound on this headset is AMAZING! My previous headsets just cant compare to this one. It is also very comfortable to waer for long periods of time!! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is searching for a new headset!!
wow loud
These are simply great.  Just wish there was more you could do with the little LED on the microphone. Very comfortable for long term gaming.
The only problem was that it came 2 days after the day it said, but everything its perfect besides that.
This headset is amazing. Only thing its missing is support with linux
Works only with USB (dont work with Xbox One).
Ever wanted to hear colors? Now you can!
I like this headset. Sound is good and loud, not lile other headset I haf before (Turtle beach). The cable is braided but is a bit short and thin. I wish it had some inline controls for volume like other headset had. My only concern is "how long will it last"? . As other reviews had stated is mainly plastic. I worried it will break in a long run. Got a 4 year extended warranty just in case...
Very good
So comfortable and the audio is amazing. Love the white and gray! BEWARE THOUGH YOU CANNOT USE A USB MIC ON YOUR XBOX
The sound is great, Ive had to keep the volume at a low 20 to not go deaf. Very good headset.
Awesome. Clear sound. Rocks on my beats with its surround software as expected from Razer. 5-star w/o regrets.
It feels premium. I like the color the sound quality is good and it has good sound canceling is great, It works perfectly with my pc and my ps4  I recommend this
Very comfortable cups, good sound quality. I especially enjoy that they do not smash my ears. My search for comfy headphones has ended!
I’m only leaving out one star because there is no audio adjustment button on the mic. It’s just a minor inconvenience but I can always adjust the volume via keyboard. Great microphone quality with crisp sound, love the comfort of it, and the audio is great!
Awesome quality and sound
Great Thanks
My wife, my brother and I have all switched over to this headset. It seems to be the best available at this price point.  It is extremely comfortable, I am a large man but these are still plenty big enough! I found myself very impressed with mic monitoring with this headset. Im able to clearly myself and even hear the room around me. Its very important to point out that this does not work with the Xbox One. However, it is plug and play compatible with both PC and PS4. The USB cord is braided and high quality and the earcups have real metal on the exterior. Plenty loud, comfortable and convenient. 10/10 will buy again :)
Thea’s are the best headphones ever
These are excellent. Because people are stupid and there is a weird random hate towards Razor i just wanted to put together a quick FAQ to correct most common incorrect statements in these reviews. You can adjust the mic monitor (the feedback from mic to your headset so you can hear yourself) or turn it off totally. Its 2 clicks in the software that comes with the headset. Seriously, just try it. You can sync the RGB lights to everything else razor, or set it to a static color, or turn it off totally. It is not made of cheap plastic. The frame itself is metal, has weight to it, ear cups are not cloth. Im 6 months in with 20-30 hours of use a week. Still look brand new. Mic doesnt break off, you mute by pinching the mic. Stop being an idiot. Also mic quality is great. Go to windows adjust levels. Go to mic sensitivity adjust levels in case you have a mechanical keyboard that you dont want sounds to register from. The wires are braided. If you are ripping these wires, wtf are you doing? Software is functional and does what you need it to do, its updated often. Software also keeps warranty info on file to your account, this is amazing. Basically: If you have a problem with these headphones, the problem is between your keyboard and chair. They are great gaming headphones for the price point. If you on the fence get it. ONLY CON im a fan of open back headphones cause they breath better, but dont cancel noise as well. These are pretty good with noise canceling but i take them off between games to air out my ears.
Super comfortable. Great sound. Mic is really sensitive. Great product.
Awesome sound, always get compliments on the quality of my voice with the mic. On PS4 it gives you exterior sound so you can here what’s going on around you while gaming. It’s undistracting and a nice feature.
Well it work with PC and ps4  if u want to give up your port on the ps4
I love the headset. Great sound quality and bass. Comfort is nice but if you have a big head it gets uncomfortable eventually. Im just disappointed there isnt a USB to aux adapter that will support their audio from my phone or vive.
After playing around with it for around half an hour here are my observations: (Please note: if something happens or they break due to defect I will update this review) ------------------------ When I put on the headphones my first thought was how much sound they block out. With them on, I cant hear my fish tank or air purifier except when at low volume and right next to said noisemaker. On the subject of volume, the speakers have a ton of volume to them, and sound really good to me. Comfortable listening on my MacBook (and yes they are plug and play there as well) was literally one bar from the bottom. All the way up, they almost match my MacBooks speakers (Jesus Christ they get loud) and when they do they still sound good. Razor Synapse is excellent, working on both my MacBook and my gaming desktop (which I bought these primarily for). LEDs on the side are a bit dim but perfectly adequate since you cant really see them anyway with them on. I suppose if I had to change anything, itd be the mic switch, or button. Its designed in a way that means its very easy to toggle it on when you pull out the mic. Its easy to turn off again, just slightly annoying. In all, solid headphones and definitely worth $80.
Great product for PC gaming. I dont recomend this on consoles because they have “voice monitoring” by default and its impossible to turn off.
Ok
Started playing World of Tanks about 4 months back and I had an older basic pair of head phones that Ive had for a few years and bought for around $40.  People said my headphones sounded fine, my voice was good and better than average, but they had hardly any padding, they were tight and caused my ears and head to hurt if I played for a couple of hours on Team Speak...so finally I broke down and bought these... These Razer Kraken 7.1 Chroma V2 headphones are AWESOME!  After a month of using these nearly every single day, Ive providing my review.  They are very padded, adjustable, not tight on my head, extremely comfortable, and Ive played 6 or so hours straight wearing them and had no fatigue due to these.  In addition, they are actually surround sound!  All Ive ever had before were stereo headphones.  My sound system for my computer is 5.1 surround sound, so when Im not platooned on Team Speak and using speakers, I play World of Tanks in surround sound which I can hear a tank approaching from the rear left or a shell flying over my head and behind me, or birds chirping in my rear right behind me...now when Im playing with others in a platoon where I need a microphone, I get the same surround sound experience with these headphones.  Very impressive!
Very comfortable, great sound.
sounds is great...fits kinda loose on my head...i have a smaller head. im 58" 180lbs  and i would say my head is proportional with my body. so maybe smaller side of average. if you want it to fit tight and youre my size think about a beanie or something to wear underneath it.
I havnt had this headset long and i love it so much, I think ill get a second pair in the future tbh.
Its comfortable to wear, you can wear it for a really long time. The sound quality is good. The only thing is that you will take some time to set up the drivers and all that
Got it for my husbands Alienware desktop and he loves it. Surround sound is great for gaming. High sound quality. Expensive but definitely high quality.
Great Item, works amazingly so far
Great head set for the price and built to last.
These are cheaper than Turtle Beach headphones, and sound better, IMO. Im using these along with the Razer Ornata Chroma, and Razer Lancehead TE Chroma. The only reason I give these 4 stars is because the headphones are the limiting factor when synching up the lights through Razer Synapse. You cant use some of the more complex light scemes and keep everything synched because the headphones have like 1 LED on each side.
These are much better than my old ones for call of duty. At first I was upset there was no 3.5 mm plug, and it took me a few minutes to figure out that they plug directly into the PS4 PRO USB port. I didnt know USB was an option for headphones. But theyve been good since. A few times Ive had to unplug and replug, not sure why but it doesnt happen very often. I think its the video editing software it something. Doesnt happen in game.
Its good but less bass
Came In a nice green box and packiging is great.Comes with instructions and 2 razer stickers and the headphones.The headphones are great the lights and everything is good but the headphones are very bulky which I hate and when you lower the volume you could hear like a little sound which doesnt bother me that much and for those 2 reasons I just gotta give it a 4 star
Exactly what I wanted and way cheaper than razerstore
This is a fantastic product! It works for both PC and console I use it for my PS4 all the time or when Im listening to a song to practice bass. Speaking of all you have to do is edit your settings in razor synapse and its good to go, you can personalize it from the surround sound to how deep the bass is to what color you want the lights to be on the headset.
Great
I love these headphones. For gaming in my opinion they are the best as far as gaming sound and the second best comfort wise right behind the HyperX Cloud 2s. It has extreme bass so many of the explosions you hear in game and other noises like gun sounds sound alot punchier than they originally were. The highs are good but not perfect, the same goes for the mids and lows. The reason I classify these headphones as best in gaming sound is because they have that bass if it were not for that they would feel like they were a bit lacking. Comfortability is amazing, they have the best leather earcups I have ever ever worn and while they feel a bit heavy once you put them on the distribution of weight is so good you wont feel like you are even wearing them. They do stick out a bit but other than that amazing headphones and the best for gaming in my opinion. Pros: -AMAZING BASS -7.1 surround sound -EQ modifier -Bass boost modifier -Amazing comfortability Cons: -Heavy while on the hands (not a large issue just something to keep in mind) -Stick out a bit wide (not a huge issue either) -Highs, mids, and lows could all be a bit nicer Honestly for $100 dollars I wouldnt buy these headphones instead I would get the HyperX Clouds but if you can find them for 75 do yourself a favor and get them.
Amazingly clear and clean sound, good noise cancelation, good bass, amazingly soft and comfortable ear covers. Easy to listen to music for a long period of time without any discomfort on the ears. Microphone is very decent, good clarity, ambient noise cancelation is meh. Overall, the best headset ive ever had overall, and i could not recommend these headphones enough for a true music/gaming lover
The Razer Kraken 7.1 V2 Chroma is the perfect mix between comfort, and performance. It is so comfortable sometimes I forget it is even on my head, the sound is amazing. Best sound I have seen on a headset around this price range. The microphone is also outstanding, it almost sounds as good as a professional external microphone. The customization with the headset is almost limitless, so I can customize it to my personal preference. Overall, this is one of the best headsets you can buy at this price range.
love it
The sound quality is superb. Incredibly comfotrable. Feels sturdy and in no way cheap. It looks amazing. What more do you need to know?
Good Headset But My Brother Bought Headset For Just 70$ And They Better Than This...
Incredible sound quality for the price, it pairs well with a desktop mic, I am super happy I made the purchase, just take care of them... I did get a dud the first time but amazon quickly replaced it at no cost to me, thanks guys!!
Pros: USB Easy to setup Synapse RGB Comfortable Thing padding Bass Feels solid Metal headband Cons: Short cable Doesn’t come with extra pads Mic can’t be detached but is retractable Volume only changed through synapse
My Son use for games and he love them.
Very comfy and fit my son’s big ears!  Sound quality is good too!
Seen good and bad reviews on them but they sound incredible and feel great. Only one slight problem when using with the Yeti mic it has no USB  ( not Razes fault )
Love these headphones! Coming from Gen 2 Astro A50s and people say I sound 100% better on mic. Surround sound through Razer Synapse is flawless and Bass Boost gives explosion SFX and music extra oomph. Mine are fairly new (< 2 weeks) so Ill still get a headache after 2hrs of continuous use. Others say that they loosen up after a bit so Im sure it wont be a problem long term. Chroma is a nice, but superfluous touch.
I sincerely love it.
Great Mic, Great Sound, Great Isolation, Great Directional hearing. Does everything i wanted it to, Fantastic.
great
Wonderful product, however does not come with an inline volume control at the picture shows. I believe thats just an error on Amazons or whoever controls the pictures. Its a great headset but was not what I was looking for.
Works great
This review is for the Chroma V2 USB I used it with the PS4 (Have has it for 6 months so far) Yes it is meant for PC so the 7.1 does not work with the PS4. Which I don’t mind at all. I picked up the regular one meant for console before this one which used the 3.5mm jack which was meant to plug into the PS4 controller. If you’re like me and take sound very seriously and can notice any details such as slight hisses or distortion you would know the PS4s Controller has one of the worst DACs ever. Any headset you plug into it will not sound as it’s intended to be because the port does not output high quality audio. So I returned those and got these and they’re much much better. First of all this is the first Headset I received that has audio monitoring (Meaning you can hear yourself talk) the first time I used this Headset I thought man is this stupid and distracting. But over the time it began to grow on me and I found out it’s true purpose this is to prevent you from yelling into the microphone when you get too excited in game. example (playing at night) it’s a very useful feature. I don’t think I’ll ever consider a Headset without mic monitoring ever again because of this feature. Yes the 7.1 is not for PS4 because this Headset is meant for usb but who cares? It sounds amazing even in stereo. At first it took me a while to get used to the bass because it has very powerful bass you notice right off the bat but once you get used to it you won’t be able to go back. Explosions and other bassy sounds are so immersive. Apart from the bass everything else is very clear the bass does not over power the sound you can still hear everything nice and clear like foot steps. Even though it is stereo you can pin point where every noise is coming from and it sounds fantastic overall. The mic quality is very crisp and sharp it does a very good job at blocking out background noise but it doesn’t block our everything. Like if someone is watching the TV very loud or listening to music very loud you’ll be able to hear it on the mic pretty low though, your voice sounds very natural I’ve personally seen YouTubers complain about the mic saying it’s not so crisp and sharp. But this is gaming Headset for the average person or the gaming fanatic to me it sounds amazing compared to my old Astro A40tr. RGBs are also a pretty nice feature they cycle through the colors very slowly. They’re also very comfortable you can wear them for very long sessions and won’t hurt your ears. The leather is fluffy and cushiony it’s fantastic. This is my first razer Headset. And I can guarantee you it won’t be my last. Razer has taken me off the Astro & HyperX train.
Awesome sound. Perfect for gaming or music.
Good Headphones
These sounds awesome! I had to turn down the bass, which is a good thing! Gaming explosions are incredible!
Thoroughly pleased with this headset.  It cancels most outside noises and produces (from what I can tell) very good quality bass enhanced sound.  What I really liked about this product was that it came with a downloadable program so you can change the light and sound settings to how you wanted it.
One of the more comfortable long duration headphones Ive used. Wearing glasses  with these causes no added pressure to head. Love the rgb, audio quality and an actually pretty good attached mic. Somewhat wish I would have guns with the plug than usb, but still love it.
I bought for my husband he love it he says thats a gamer headset its greattt
Fantastic product, great packaging.  Recommended.
For a mid grade headset the microphone is excellent! Sound Quality for gaming is really good! Comfort level is awesome! I bought this headset because all of the mic test reviews on YouTube showed that this mic is one of the better sounding microphones for a mid level headset. I would have liked to pick up the HyperX Cloud 2s but the mic is terrible, and while the sound quality of the Cloud 2s might be a bit better, it wasnt worth getting a muffled microphone. I spend about 10 hours a day in Discord, and this mic is quality for Discord. Obviously if you are streaming or doing something more exotic, you would want a better microphone, but for Discord, and talking in-game, this microphone is the best sounding for a mid grade headset. This is definitely a PC headset, the only thing you can do is mute your mic, all the other settings require using synapse 2.0. Im not a big fan of Razers Synapse software, but what are you going to do. You can really configure this headset very well using snyapse 2.0. Because of a lack of functions outside of the software this headset is probably not ideal for everyone, but if you are like me, and primarily a pc gamer then this is a pretty sweet headset. I have been wearing it all day, and it is super comfortable. My ears do not hurt, and the top of my head feels great. The memory foam on the ear-cuffs is thick, and works great. This is probably one of the most comfortable headsets I have ever put on. I usually have to get my wife to make me a headset cushion, so that the top of my head doesnt hurt, but so far so good with this one. Make sure when you use the microphone, that you use synapse 2.0 to do adjust all your settings. I disable all the noise cancelling, and other settings inside Discord, and just make most of the adjustments with synapse 2.0. I had to adjust my mic sensitivity inside synapse 2.0 to get my microphone to work correctly in Discord. It was cutting out early until I adjusted it, just a heads up! I will update this review if anything changes, but right now Im very happy with the 99 dollar headset!!!
If you are running windows 10 (64 bit) you might not have problems.  I was running windows 7 (64 bit) and the microphone would not show up in "recording devices" even after their proprietary software was installed.  Ended up having to nuke the entire registry from any "razer" references and resintalling all software for it to work.  My guess is - on Windows 7 - dont plug the headphones in before software install (even though the instructions tell you to).  Install the software first if youre on win7. I installed windows 10 (64) 2 weeks afterwards, and the headphones installed now problem and show up under "playback" & "recordind" devices. Incredibly comfortable, and the mic is easy to adjust for best reception.  Changing the light colors on the headphones is kinda cool, in a geeky way.
Great headphones!
Just buy it
Easily the best gaming and audio performance Ive ever had
Great headset. Will buy again if mine ever falters
Best headset Ive owned. Bought from Bose and Sennheiser before and these are far better. Razer Synapse and all the options with sound mixing allows for total customization.
Great
Great sound and build quality.  Fits well on my big head.  Comfortable.
Worked great on ps4 sound amazing
Amazing comfort, sound quality, mic quality, noise cancelling, and looks. No issues, all around great headset for the price. I would have paid more for this quality. Lots of customization options. If they made this wireless it would be even better.
This replaced my broken headset and just love the headset!!
This is my third go-around with Razer and headsets. The Razer Kraken USB lasts until JUST AFTER Manufacturers Warranty. But for the fifty I spent on them, a good year of daily wear and tear I cant bitch too much, I enjoyed them, just hated replacing them just outside of the warranty. These on the other hand I purchased when I learned they have aluminum arms (which is where the step down from this was actually cracking (get it, Kraken?), but beyond this the oval shape fits AROUND my ears, which I didnt think of but makes a huge difference in comfort for people who wear eyeglasses. So far theyre a insanely huge step forward in comfort, sound quality, and Im really hoping they dont show some fatal flaw two days to two weeks past their planned obsolescence!
The best out there! Get it, get it now!
Good sound quality, not the greatest software.  Sems to be a constant reinstall fight to keep the software always working after updates.  When software is working and not crashing, sound quality is amazing and hardware seems very sturdy.
most people who say that the sound quality is bad is wrong. on the manual it states that the headset comes out of the box in stereo mode. you must download razer synapse to activate that beautiful 7.1 surround sound. Anyways, this headset was my best choice by far. I own a pair of astro a50 which retail at 299 and this razer headset is by far a lot better. sound quality is excellent and the mic is crystal clear. if anyone out there is looking for a good quality and good sounding gaming headset then I would definitely recommend this one especially for all of those audiophiles out there
best headset u will ever buy, i just ordered a new one because my other pair that ive had almost 4 years was falling apart and began to have a short in the cord recently so audio cuts out alot. will last at least 2 years before the ear pieces material starts ripping and what not
I have had these for over a year now on PC hand they still work flawlessly. Overall great sound and quality build for the pricepoint. Even better now that they are going for $80 (I purchased at $100). I like that it uses steel to make up the frame/backbone, making them sturdier than Razer’s plastic model (Man’O War with 3-piece plastic headband that breaks easily and is incredibly uncomfortable). There’s a good amount of foam on the headband and ear cups to make them comfortable even during extended use (i.e. gaming binges). The breaded cord is good quality and I’ve had no tangle issues. I recommend these headphones. My only complaint (with Razer and not necessarily this hardware) is that these headphones are more or less tied to the Razer Synapse cloud-linked settings software, that which requires another useless account login to keep track of. They can be used without Synapse, but to really configure them and the virtual surround sound you have to create a Razer account. Synapse requires initial network connectivity (login) to get set up but can function on offline mode thereafter. Though to be honest, most games require net connection anyway so that’s not a big deal. Once configured you don’t really need to have Synapse open, but it’s usually best. Lastly, should you ever need to fully uninstall it’s not a simple “remove program” task; uninstalling requires somewhat advanced knowledge of editing Windows registry to nuke all instances (or Revo Uninstaller portable freeware is a good alternative). In my opinion this is still not a dealbreaker for the overall quality and price. I just figured you should know what you are paying for.
So far this headset have been superb. I like surround sound, bass, and mic quality. The build doesnt feel cheap and the cable is braided. The only downsides I found was that the ends of the cable feel weak because it doesnt have those guards that peripherals usually come with so it feels like it could break easily at any moment. Also i got some software glitches in the beginning but a driver update solved it. Overall this is a good quality product.
My son really likes these headphones.  I like that there is not a foamy end on the headset that I would have to clean, like on his past set.  It took him a while to get used to hearing his own voice on the headset when he spoke, but he is good with that.  Razer has good quality products.
Audio Quality: Decent (with software) Comfort Quality: Comfortable (The choice of ear cup shape is a good feature for those that have large ears or wear glasses.) Build Quality: Sturdy VERSION 1 of the Kraken: I purchased the original version of this headset and initially was not disappointed. This quickly changed however due to   quick deterioration of the headset in multiple areas. Those areas being:   Microphone-  The microphone switch stopped functioning within two months of operation. While it was heavily used, I expected better from a   headset marketed as one for heavy gaming on multiple platforms.   Headband  -  The padding on the headset became unseated from the retention clips (plastic)  within the first month of use. Another note is   that the headband was constructed with a small thin gauge piece of spring-steel. This would have been an advantage for the headset,   but was undermined by having plastic attached to the ends causing a major weakness right in the main areas of stress while being   used.   Shortly before I purchased the V2 headset, the folding joints (also plastic....sigh) broke on one of the ear cups. This forced me to   purchase another headset soon or be left without one.   Cable  -  The braiding of the cable was large and slightly loose. Needless to say, the cable started fraying and pinching.   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- VERSION 2 of the Kraken: Each one of these areas have now been targeted directly by their QA team to great success.   Microphone-  The microphone switch has now been overhauled with a new switch for many more presses.   Headband  -  The retention clips are now metal and offer much tighter clamping for the padding. The Headband is now constructed   completely out of aluminum. To achieve this, they have removed the folding feature from the headset. That feature loss has allowed the ear   cups to be enclosed and mounted by the aluminum, making for a truly sturdy frame.   Cable  -  The braiding of the cable is now very small and very tightly knit. It is quite difficult to for a kink or pinch to set in the cable. The   braiding no longer catches or rubs heavily on surfaces and now wears very slowly.   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Final thoughts: There are very few times I have risked purchasing from the same company after a devices build quality failed so quickly. This time I was delighted to find that Razer listened to the complaints made by its community and drastically altered the construction of the Kraken. They eliminated its faults and focused on creating a quality product (planned obsolescence be damned).  A once decent headset has now been turned into one fitting of its price. I recommend it highly.
I have been extremely happy with these headphones.  The sound quality is great and they are very comfortable even for long gaming sessions.  I wear glasses and the cups dont cause any discomfort with them.
Works great with my ps4 no problems connecting. Works even better on PC due to setting controls. Never buying another headset again
Headset is great, the ear-cups are a MAJOR upgrade compared to the V1. Sound quality is the best you could expect from a gaming oriented headset, and the digital surround is accurate and can be adjusted to your ear shape as well. I have no problem wearing it for extended periods of time.
Great gaming headset. You can hear everything! The build quality is great, sound quality is top notch (for a non audiophile,) microphone is great. If you are choosing between the Logitech G633 and this headset, this one is the clear winner. I went through 3 headsets in one year, because they all kept breaking. This headset is a tank compared to those.
Incredible headset just like the title says. Its super comfy and no issues so far. All Im missing now is a rgb blackwidow keyboard to match the chroma settings. :D
super comfortable! the mic quality is excellent. super good sounds too.
This is truly a fantastic headset for gaming. Im really happy with the audio and mic quality and the build is very comfortable for long sessions. Beyond a mute button for the mic, there is no control panel for the device to control the volume and other settings; all that has to be done through your pc/console. Things to note for PS4 specifically are the lack of surround sound functionality when using this headset with the system and also the headset by default uses microphone monitoring. This feature provides real time feedback of your own voice and other sounds in the mics radius to let the user gauge their own voice volume, this is a helpful way to counter your inability to hear your natural voice due to noise cancelation. If this is a feature you dont like than know that the PS4 cant turn it off for this specific mic. On a pc you could easily adjust mic monitoring to your liking. Hopefully Sony or razer will solve that issue. Other than that the headset still works really well with the system and pairs instantly through USB.
It’s a good headset. I break them with my big head, this one seems very sturdy and quality built.
I was a little scared of buying this product since the reviews did fluctuate between “Totally awesome, would buy again” to “It broke in 30 seconds.” I am here to say that the quality of the headphones is amazing, it has a nice braided cable, super comfy and large ear pads to cover your whole ear, and the chroma is super easy to configure. You also get surround sound, which is godly. For 80 bucks I think this headset is great.
LOVE THEM! they were a gift for my Bday I am so happy with them!!!
Good Headphones for the price, a lot of reviews will complain they’re not “amazing” and that’s not what you’re paying for. You’re paying for a moderate pair of Gaming Headphones. They work as expected and I haven’t had a problem with them at all, good sound, clear voice for the mic and cool colors on the headphones. Only thing is they feel cheap but aren’t. Wouldn’t recommend for young children.
Razer has the best software for setting up anything you buy from them.
Use for gaming on the PC. Its very comfortable to wear and great sound.
Clean, clear sound! Not distorted at all.. Worth the money!! Great headset for any gamer! Comfortable on the head & ears, for many hours. This is the best headset I have owned. The retractable microphone is a huge plus. The setup was very easy, I was talking to friends online in a matter of seconds! great gift idea for any gamer, young or old! I highly recommend if you are looking for an amazing sound quality experience!
Great sound quality.
Amazing headphones! Very comfortable and the audio is great for the price, you truly need 360 Surround Sound for FPS games and this provided. The audio is clean and I can wear this for a long duration without it being painful. Great headphones and amazing price!
Only problem with this headset is the braided cable, which makes a scratchy noise in the headset if it rubs on anything.
LOVE THESE!!!! I have tried so many headsets and for the price point I could not ask for a better headset. People talk about the quality and after inspection and use I can honestly say they are very sturdy and can hold up to any normal drops or bumps (wouldnt recommend sitting on the headset though! lol) Sound quality is defiantly not a limitation of this headset and will not crack even under extreme volumes. (Used on PC)
Fast shipping and good quality
These are really nice overall and Ill explain my situation and why I really like this headset. I havent had the best history with headsets even though I have treated the ones I have had with good care. Ive gone through about 3 headsets in the last 2 years and all have either fallen a part in some way or decreased in quality. However, this headset is really good. My friend recommended them to me since his has lasted him 3 years and still going strong, so I thought Id go for it. It was totally worth the risk. The microphone quality is really clear and noise cancelling and the earphones also limit noise from the outside. The audio quality is also really good and is just a few notches below my Bose QC 35s. Overall I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a headset that isnt at a ridiculous price. Be sure to get the oval shaped since those make a huge impact!
I ordered this set and instantly fell in love with the weight, feel, materials and sound. It is a sturdy headset. I have the Ornata keyboard and Mamba chroma mouse/keyboard and these headphones compliment my set-up perfectly. I plugged them in and Razer Synapse decided to do an update, which was successful. They sounded amazing for about 30 seconds during the surround configuration process.I am disappointed in that they just shut off! No lights, no response. NOTHING! Cord got super hot, so, I submitted my return and look forward to the replacement set.I cant deduct a star, thats how much I love these headphones, even though they broke, I am not even worried about it.
I was skeptical but decided to round out my full Razer setup with these bad boys... man, I was not disappointed. Best headset Ive ever used blowing Bose and Sonos headsets my friends have out of the water. It isnt as good for music and lacks in bass but as a 7.1 headset the distinction of where things are is amazing. Totally worth it!
Expensive, but excellent quality.  Great gaming gear.
Recently upgraded from the Kraken 7.1 V1, Ive used that headset for about 3 or 4 years, and it has been a great headset. Received the V2 in the mail plugged it in, loaded up Razer Synapse and added all the same options I had for the V1 assuming it would be around the same. I was wrong... The mic unless you seriously tweak it sounds like youre talking through a cup. The sound quality is hollow and flat and sounds like youre listening through a cup unless you tweak it. It took me about 2 hours of messing with EQ settings, Normalization settings, Volume, all the settings until I got to something that was even halfway decent. Theres probably more settings I could tweak but for now its good enough. The quality of the headset itself material wise is actually really nice. The cushions cushion, the headband is big enough for my head without squeezing it, and the braided cable is always nice. Typical Razer quality with a little added work needed for sound quality. 4* because I had to spend 2 hours configuring the audio.
Love it
I mostly got these to replace my Bose QC35s for listening to music on my computer, but with the added benefit that I could check out the virtual surround sound on them. Important tip: Surround settings are app-level in the Razer config program. The default for all programs is 7.1. Music sounds SUPER funky if you dont switch whatever program you listen to music on to stereo. Now that I figured out how to change it (The "Mixer" tab in their config program) my music sounds wonderful. Theres an 8-band EQ in the config program, which is nice. Especially since the default bass is a little more powerful than sounds right with what I listen to. Its nice to have the extra bass capability there, but its even nicer that I can tone it down and make it sound right.
Im hearing sounds i didnt know existed definitely a solid headset and super comfortable
So its been 363 days and i was going through to check out if i had bought a warranty because the earphones are starting to short out. I use these every day for about 4-6 hours a day but i never was rough with them or mishandled them. The sound is great and the mic was awesome but i cant believe its shorting out now. The keyboard and mouse i own by razor work fine and are older than the headset, maybe i bought a dud headset.
Great headset
I just received these so I cant comment much on the durability yet.  What I can say is, first of all these headphones sound amazing.  I put on some music on Spotify and froze up for a minute because not only was the surround very pronounced and everything felt like it had a direction, but I was hearing details in songs Ive heard 100 times that Id never heard before.  Tone range is pretty nice, the lows have some kick and the highs are crisp.  I usually have a problem with headphones being too small to wear, but these expand to even larger than I need.  The cups go completely around my ear and are pretty comfortable.  The microphone seems to be pretty high quality also and an interesting design that coils up into the headset out of the way. If I end up having any durability issues with these Ill add to this, but for now Im pretty happy with my purchase.
the sound is incredible. after setting it up the 7.1 is amazing and helps me get kills in Rainbow Six Siege. Also, i completely abused this thing and it has held up for a year of everyday use.
Very good item. Very quickle ship. Thanks !!!
great headset, very good sound quality and comfortable for long periods of time
Great headset, fits well on smaller head.
i have had these headphones since November of 2017 and they are still my favored headset even after buying a high grade pair of studio headphones i still believe these as a great headset for all your pc and ps4 needs.(yeah i know they dont work for xbox i was a little bummed but oh well) T he retractable mic is amazing the mute toggle being on the mic itself is annoying sometimes but its a lot easier to use and find them some box thats weighing down your cord that you cant fight in the heat of battle. the headphones have stayed in a near perfect condition ever after over 1 year of yanking and pulling dropping the cord hasnt been pulled from the headset or the usb and it never seems to mold into a angle from being pulled on at the usb side. my only problem with this headset (the mercury white edition) is the beaded cord itself the section that rests on your chest gets dirty over time and its hard to clean but if someone knows a good way to keep that white or at least not brown this thing is perfect i got it on sale for $79 such a great deal when you can see streamers and youtubers broadcasting their @150-$200 headsets its an amazing deal. these things dont hold on tightly to your head are extremely light and have a metal frame so they can take some accidental stepping on (this destroyed 2 pairs of turtle beaches when i was young)  the cord is short but a usb extender is about $10 for 3-5 feet so not much to complain about there. i just wish they made a cord cleaner for these things!!
I bought two pairs for my fiance and me to wear during Mythic runs with our WoW guild. We loved them so much that we recommended them to our GM and he bought three more pairs for himself, his wife, and another guild members bday. They are so comfy, I used to cry after raiding wearing my on-ear headset from work, now I forget I still have these on after playtime is over. The sound and noise-cancellation is great, my fiance and I play sitting next to each other and I no longer hear the echo from him speaking out loud and then again through the speaker. I love the durability of Razers usb cables. My puppy has grabbed the cord a few times, but I dont have to worry about her needle teeth making it through to the wire.
Great vendor ordered pc verison in error promptly refunded...the headphones are simply amazing best value out there for gamers looking fir a quailty comfy headset that wont break the bank
Compared to my previous headset, this beats it by a lot. The 7.1 sound is great, it’s very comfortable, and the noise cancellation is useful since my setup is next to my TV in the living room. The only problem I have with it is that it makes a loud buzzing sound when I start up my PC, hence why I’m giving it a 4 stars.
Very comfortable
Honestly I’m going back to my senheiser hd280 headphones. I did not like the way these sound and prefer a more neutral sound. They are fairly comfortable and stylish though. Edit: After a few days of use, my ears have adjusted and I have to say the surround sound is making a huge improvement in my overall skill and I feel like a more aware player. Coming from different headphones will sound weird at first but if you give your ears time to adjust these are actually very nice headphones. And the comfort level is 10/10.
They are a perfect fit
Had two USB headsets before, but for PlayStation 4, this headset is the one. I had bought a Xiberia usb headset because I wanted 7.1 for PlayStation 4 and Mfeel discontinuid my old headset. The Xiberia E1 could not perform on PS4 like my old headset. Upon testing the Kraken I found a headset with great 7.1 sound for PlayStation. The Kraken isn’t overly loud but each sound is amplified. I prefer USB to wireless over lag, the best way to experience 7.1 in realtime is here.
My son loves it.  Good sound quality and comfortable.
Nice headphone 
These things are killer! I set them up for PC and PS4 and they are just amazing! They sound crazy good. You can hear everything on pubg. On fortnite I can hear chests and enemies long before my friends do and I know exactly where they are because of the surround sound. Recommend!
Wish there was dials for volume control..
I love it
Fantastic headphones that deliver all the sound it promises. Ive had super clear audio and rich bass through the 7.1 surround sound it delivers, and it makes my music, gaming, videos and movies much more enjoyable. Also, it doesnt slip off my head when I look down to check my phone or eat a snack, so thats a plus. =)
The best
I had a Turtle Beach Earforce X32 wired headset for way too many years that finally went dead on me a couple of weeks ago. I am the Dungeon Master for 2 separate online Dungeons and Dragons groups that play on the weekends. After much reading and hand-wringing, I finally ordered this Razer headset on a Monday. On Tuesday evening, it came in the mail. Well, I felt rather stupid. I should have just bought this with zero reservations as it has the same Plug & Play, user-friendly "This Just Works" ability as my Razer Naga mouse (given to me as a gift in 2011). These things are HUGE which means that as a woman, you can leave your earrings on and these are still super comfy. But the mic...oh my goodness the mic. You can press a button on the end of the mic boom and it mutes your voice. Theres a red LED that comes up when youre muted. Its the most genius and useful and "why didnt I realize how much I needed this" feature Ive come across on a piece of tech in a while. But thats not all. Im in love with the retractable boom. Yes, I said retractable. It slides easily (but not without a tangible amount of tension to let me know its not just going to be loosey goosey) away into the base of the left ear cup. Its fantastic! This mic makes it far too easy to mute myself and have a snack while my players are RPing there way out of a fight with a banshee. If you play games on your computer or you are looking for a comfortable headset to watch your Netflix shows with 7.1 Surround Sound, you cant go wrong here. With just one USB connection to be made and Razers software configuration for the extra bells and whistles, I give this product my "Can this just be working already?" stamp of approval.
10/10 best headset ever
The virtual surround sometimes lags or gives the wrong direction, mostly between the front and back. Also, if you ware glasses when you game, it will open up the ear cups a little over your glasses. This issue is also not exclusive to this set but I noticed more on this set than usual.That being said, the sounds quality is exceptional and the ear cups are really comfortable.  With the price point you can not go wrong with this set.
Headphones sound great!  The only complaint I have is that they arent yet compatible with Razer Synapse v3, so I have to run v3 for all my other Razer Chroma devices and v2 just for these headphones.  They will add them eventually, but its kind of a bummer that they arent yet compatible.
I use this for work and gaming, this does not include active noise cancellation but they isolate for good
Been through a couple different brands. You get what you pay for! These are a little pricey but well worth it!
Best headphones ever.
Headphones are super comfortable and have amazing surround sound and quality. Only thing I’ve noticed is that with a Mac, the lowest setting on MacOS is still very loud in the headphones. Even with the Razor synapse, there is no easy solution for this problem.
