Ive bought this headset a total of 3 times, all three times they lasted no more than 5 months, the first time one side of the headset stopped playing sound, the second time the same issue, the third time the microphone attached to it stopped working correctly, the cord gets tangled in itself very easily so the quality of life is not even there aswell, it is just a not very good product for the price.
Disliked that the product has a lifespan of 1 year or less. We have had 2 pair. The first we were able to exchange within the warranty period (USB issue). The second pair missed warranty by a month (USB issue). Headphones purchased after 10/2018 now have 2 year warranty. Best of luck if you purchase. Other than the lifespan issue: 4.5 for gaming- they have great 3D audio and sound 4 for sound quality 5 for noise cancellation - literally cannot hear other people yelling
The quality of the headphones for gaming is good, however, I can not get the microphone to work correctly on my computer. The sound of my voice is like a robot when I speak through it.
When I first bought the Kraken V2 I was in love with it. It exceeded my exceptions. I soon began to notice how often the wire tangled and how much of a pain it was maintaining and untangling it. After around 4 or 5 months however, I stopped hearing through the headphones and had to re position the wire every 10 seconds to hear. It was awful. Awful to the point where I contacted Razer and got new headphones because of the warranty. When I received the new headphones, the wire tangling was still a major problem, but I maintained it this time by positioning it in ways when I wasnt using so it wouldnt tangle. Well here we are 5 months later and same problem has come back. Do not buy these headphones unless you want to deal with annoying tangling and it breaking a couple months down the line.
Upon arrival, it was a great product, until, a LOT of headphones around me had USB problems. Ive tried everything; different USBs, different ports, different laptops, etc. All to no prevail, I contacted support for them only to tell me I have to pay $10-20 shipping to send it there and back for THEIR mistake in manufacturing. Will never buy from this company ever again, and I would suggest MANY people stay away from this product and brand, unless you want a easily broken headset that costs $100.
Feel apart The wiring not worth the money
Really good set of drivers inside this thing-- audio can be tuned up real nice for excellent quality. Bass is a bit ridiculously heavy without tuning but maybe its just my setup. Mic is just above midrange quality for a headset, not much to say about it. My major negative for this headset is the cord jutting out the bottom right against the shoulder with no relief. The whole headset lost connection with the computer multiple times while in use. My fix was to fold the cord at 90 degrees and zip tie it over the headphones to prevent movement... no more dropouts. Good headset as long as the cord lasts... but this was and is a day 1 problem for me.
I own Xbox and ps4 and I wish it worked for both systems like how the razor pros v2 where with the headphone jack.
Second time Ive bought this headset (cough newer version) itll also be my last because it works basically the same as the other version. Every now and then I get a loud buzzing sound in my headset and need to unplug it or else it violates my hearing, not to mention sometimes theres just a random buzzing. Overall its an okay headset but Ill probably look for a higher quality one in the future.
After use for less than a year, the wire is torn from the inside causing the sound to be cut off.
Had this refurbished one for only 4 months before the mic broke. Like it wont register my voice anymore and only at certain angles does it work. Ripoff.
worked for 4 months then just stoped working for no reason
I purchased this product as a Christmas gift in December of 2017. They lasted FOUR MONTHS before breaking and/or becoming unusable. The sound has stopped working in one ear and crackling in the other. Pros - When it was working it was one of the best headsets I have owned. The sound quality was excellent. Cons - I paid $100 for these headphones and they only lasted 4 months!! Razer put a lot of thought into the design of this headset BUT they put absolutely no time into the design of their wiring. The cable that connects from your headphones to your computer will twist and tangle until your $100 headphones stop working. There is nothing you can do to stop it from tangling itself. You shouldn’t have to think of ways to “MacGyver” ways to keep a brand new headset wire from tangling and ruining itself.
I ordered a pair of these this week. Package arrived and it was pretty obvious that this was a repackaged item. All the plastic seals were broken and the headset cable wasnt neatly stowed in the package.  They work fine, but I paid full price for a used item.
After 6 months the mike is crackeling. would like to exchange for new one but dont see who to send the request to
Lasted 3 months, never abused. Just one day stopped working with its drivers.
After one year of use the audio cuts in and out every 5 seconds giving a loud pop, the mic cuts in and out when talking to people and the build quality is horrible especailly on their cable. This is the last razer product I will be buying and their customer support only made it worse after calling them and filling out everything to get a new headset from them using my warranty they closed the case and now I cant make a new case or get a new headset. Horrible company that makes cheap poor quality stuff. Wouldnt recommend especially not long term.
Got these for my niece for Christmas and she just messaged me a few days ago saying the mic stopped working. Its only been 2-3 weeks. I expected more from razers. We are getting a replacement pair from amazon, so hopefully those dont quit on her too.
For the first few months, the product was great. Sound was good, my ears were comfortable, and everything was going well. However, a couple weeks ago, my ear cuffs for both ears kept coming off. I have to constantly put them back on as they keep falling. Whenever I take the headset off, they instantly come off. It’s extremely annoying when they fall off mid game when I take them off to scratch my ear or something and I have to reach under my computer desk to grab them. Extremely annoying and frustrating. There has to be a way to prevent this as I don’t want to tape them.
Product arrived broken. The microphone was broken and the port wasn’t the right type for a Nintendo Switch.
They are great quality, sound and design BUT, it doesnt have any button to go up or down on volume. Only the mute on the mic. This headset is for PC, they will work on PS4 but you will hear your own voice and every sound around you will go through the speakers.
After using the headset for about a year now, Ive come to see one of its major design flaws being the braid cable that connects to the computer via usb. The cable would constantly tangle in on itself thus causing damage to the wires inside. This has lead to frustrating issues with the headset via the headset has constant disconnects from the computer, popping/hissing from the speakers, and a drop in microphone quality. Ive treated the headset with good care just to have it become unusable. The headsets comfort is top notch meaning if there were to be a revision on the cable this item would become a 5 star headset, but for now look else where.
I bought them on the 2 of December got them calibrated and everything, 4 days later stopped working out of no where when I’m in games it turns of randomly and I have to unplug and and jiggle the cord for it to turn on again terrible quality if you ask me going to return them as soon as I get back from my trip. Do not recomend
These only worked for about 6 months.  Very disappointed.  Now I have to figure out how to make a warranty return...
When I bought these headphones I didn’t realize the mute button for the mic is the mic end itself. It you push it between your index and thumb it will light up red and then mute. But it doesn’t auto mute when you reboot a computer they are plugged into which could lead to open mic situations. But the big thing I don’t like about these headphones and hence my hatred of them is that they do not breathe in the ear. You put those phones over your ear and they start to heat up until you are sweating and it is unbearable to keep them on. This is a big problem and I have already purchased another headset to replace these. I will keep them for a backup headset but not use them for gaming or watching movies on my computer anymore. Disappointing. They sound good though. And the mic is sturdy. Hence the two stars.
Bought this for my husband to use on his PS4 for Christmas. It says it’s compatible but sounds like a cheap pair of headphones on ps4. Completely disappointed, this was supposed to be a great gift. 
Christmas present ruined for one kid - The Xbox One Kid.  Thanks a lot!!! FIX your top level description!!!!!!!!!
Not at all happy was bought as Christmas gift my son opened it was for his ps4 found out its not for that and cant return past dates for return
This is not compatible with xbox one. It is false advertiseing. I expected more from a company like razer. This is infuriating.
Title is misleading does not have an attachment for consoles or mobile
The product is amazing it’s just I bought this for a Xbox but the cable is usb not 3.5mm so this is only meant for a pc
I bought this item for my son because he recently got into gaming,he owns a Nintendo switch and when he got he had found out that it wasn’t compatible because it was a USB cable.So now he only goes to his friends and uses his PS4 to play.
razer said my product was malfunctioning, i was told by them to contact who i purchased it from amazon for a repair, and my guaranty has expried on october...
After my previous headset broke, I was recommended this one to replace it. It works very nicely and the surround sound is amazing. The only issue I have started about 2 weeks after my purchase. There is lots of random, very annoying static noises coming from both sides. It can happen anytime it is plugged in, and sometimes the entire thing gets extremely loud and the static noise just blasts my ears. It mainly happens on the right side but again, both sides do it. Ive looked this up and it seems others are having issues, but are saying its not the headset, but the USB port. Ive tried switching between all my ports and the noise persists. It is not a major issue yet but it can be very loud and does hurt my head.
When you first unboxed this product, I was very surprised. The reason is as follows .There was a lot of dust on the product. And There was a Scratch. But there was no problem with the sound and other parts.(This review used a translator.)
I bought two of these headphones and one turned out perfectly fine, but the other one came with a beat up box. It was really dirty, the whole front is ripped off, and it was already open. And the stickers were not in the box with it which the other one did. Not that I really care about the stickers but the fact that something was missing was really annoying. when I opened it surprisingly looked good but I noticed that it only came with a USB cable and they say that it is used for mobile too which is obviously wrong. The headphones have almost to no tension on your head and they look really bulky. The mic quality is good and I like that you can pull it in and out. Other then these problems the actual headset is not that bad.
I bought this as a gift for use with the PS4. The mic echos in chat back in to the headset. I’m guessing this works great for PC.
It is a great headset except for the fact that it lists that it is compatible with the Xbox one. It is not but if you’re looking for a headset and you don’t have an Xbox one these are great.
"Gaming Headset Works with PC, PS4, Xbox One, Switch, & Mobile Devices" It is a wired USB headset only. Tried it for the PS4, xbox, and PC. The PS4 and PC works. I bought this for the xbox.
when i got it the sound was not as good or comfortable as my cheaper hyperX cloud stingers
I bought these headphones because of the description.  "Gaming Headset Works with PC, PS4, Xbox One, Switch, & Mobile Devices - Mercury"  I am glad I checked before I gave them to my son for Christmas. These will not work with any of the devices listed in the description other than the Mac or PC.  Theres a USB connected the headset that cannot be converted to 3.5mm.  They do sound good on the PC but keep in mind thats all you will be able to use them on.
If you have a ps4 and like hearing everything from the mic then get these, but the quality isn’t too good. The band itself feels very flimsy and it’s not too enjoyable to use depending on how you want the feel of the headphones to be. The previous model was very sturdy and much better in terms or sound and such but it’s probably much better on pc.
Everything about this product is amazing 10/10 for me. The only thing is the mic quality is so bad that im returning these to get another pair of heaphones.
After one year of use I got a wire problem with make me lost connection with pc. This is second headset from razer with a problem...
I was expecting kraken pro v2 chromas  but instead got a different pair that were less durable and comfy
I loved this headset. Sound and comfort was spot on. But into 8 months of using it my cable started cutting in and out. I tried getting a replacement but due to my location Razer can not replace mine. Very dissapointed.
Downside is Only usb
Horrible. My friends could here sound coming from the pc. Cushions wore down in six months. Volume control on cable stopped working properly in a year.
Bad product description does not work on Xbox
They specifically states that it is compatible for Xbox, mobile, and other devices.  This only comes with a USB attachment.  There’s no way to get sound from the headphones From your Xbox or mobile phone.
This is second Razer Headset I have owned. My First headset ended up dying after 2 years of use since that one died I decided to get this model back in May. It was not fully used till late July during that time the headset was well taken care of till recently. The audio has started crackling and the lights have completely stop working. I love Razer products but, the headsets could use some looking it for quality! Id love to recommend the headset if it didnt break so quickly!
As other reviewers have written, the wire on the headset becomes tangled even if you try to keep it straight and this leads to quality issues and ultimately the headset being unusable.  Bought the set in April and started having issues 2 months ago.  Thought it was the computer connection but then realized after testing a few different ones that the tangled cord was the issue
These replaced a set of Sony Pulse (PS4) headphones whose plastic simply disintegrated over time to the point they were held together with zip ties (the Sony of yesterday would have been ashamed). The Razer headset sounds great and is superbly comfortable. Build quality is good. The USB connection eliminates the need to constantly ensure its charged and ready to go. BUT: the cable ***will*** fail, rendering your nice headset useless. I got a year out of mine before the cord started shorting out at the spot where it enters the earpiece. After dismantling the enclosure, I saw that despite capping the wire with a plastic block that would theoretically prevent or minimize "yanking" damage, the interior wiring leading to the exterior port was so sharply angled that it was inevitable that it would eventually fail. Indeed, it was completely frayed and clearly the source of the trouble. Fortunately with the patience of Job and the fingers of a small woodland creature, I was able to cut the wires at the failure point and solder them all back together. No easy task. The wires are so unbelievably thin my wirestripper wouldnt even work to expose the ends. I literally had to burn the plastic coating off with a match. Frankly I was amazed they worked again after I was finished (but who knows for how long). I wish they would have just put a mini-USB port on the headset (note: future product revision suggest, Razer!) rather than an integrated cable. I wish manufacturers would design headphones to survive the rigors of normal, gentle use.
Not bad
Title ses works with Xbox one. Then you receive it an the book clearly reads. Pc mac PlayStation 4. All options are USB no audio jack. And adapters dont work for usb to audio. No Xbox one. Screw my weekend right?
Ok. This was my first ever headset. I have bought three of them since the first two broke. The third one has lasted me a few years before beginning to fall apart from general wear. I was looking into getting another Razer headset until last night when I finally got fed up with Razer Synapse. For about a year Synapse has reset my microphone whenever I restart my pc which I was able to put up with until last night Razer locked me out of my account. Now I can’t get into Synapse to change my settings and at the default it resets to nobody can hear me. I am so done with these shenanigans at this point that I am probably never going to buy from Razer again. If you are looking for a new headset but are willing for it to cause problems then this is the product and brand for you.
Bought 1 and it crakles very badly so I sent it back for another and same thing. Razer support (all 4 of them) want me to send it back again
The quality of the sound is good but I cant say the same about the micro, not what I expected for the price I paid. The ear pads are soft and comfortable and it looks pretty on the good side
I dont know what it is about Razer products exactly. but I will NEVER go back to another Razer product in my life. The build quality is atrocious, plus you pay a premium price for plastic? No thanks. The software is clunky and rarely ever works. The sound quality of ALL of their headsets is abysmal Razers customer service is........... LOL what customer service? Good luck. The ONLY thing Razer does better than all of the competition is RGB lighting. Razers RGB is the absolute best on the market in terms of options, and brightness. Hands down. But if you want bang for your buck, go Corsair, SteelSeries, Logitech, HyperX, literally anyone but Razer.
These headphones were purchased to replace my Razer Blackshark that I had for nearly three years and was my all-time favorite pair of headphones. They were about the same price as the Razer 7.1 V2. Let me start by saying that for two headsets that were both around the same price when I purchased them, Kraken 7.1 V2 is miles behind in terms of quality and comfort. For about $100 youre paying mostly for the sturdiness and the mic. Not for the sound or comfort. The sound lacks any decent bass that would give those sounds that extra kick. There is very little padding on the headband so youre going to feel that plastic pressing into your head a lot and this is just a personal preference, but Im not a fan of circle ear pads. Im more of an oval design kind of guy.  The best thing about these headphones is that the mic is decent and drowns out background noises like fans and A/C a lot more than external mics like a Blue Yeti for example. My issue with the mic is mainly that the mute button is on the mic itself, meaning that every time you mute your mic, everyone else will hear you touching your mic before the mic cuts off. Back to the overall build. Like I said, it is a sturdy headset. You could drop it a lot and it will definitely hold up. Im also a fan of the threaded USB cord over the traditional rubber that is often used. Overall, it has some pros, but Its a pretty average headset. I would honestly say its worth about $50
On your website it says it works for switch, x box one, and ps4. I bought it for x box one, but it comes with a usb not a 3.5mm headphone jack.
I bought these for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loved them. I got then specifically because it advertised being compatible with Xbox one in the title, but come to find out after spending a good amount, they are not. Great headphones otherwise, but do not buy if you are looking to use them for Xbox.
I bought this headset and it worked perfectly fine for a few months but the cable would start to constantly twist up and id have to tediously untangle it everyday until one day the headset wouldnt work at all. I found out that if I touch the cable in a certain area or move it at all then all sound will be cut and the headset will not be recognized by my pc until I unplug and plug it back in. I have a friend who has the exact same headset with the same problem. I would consider getting a wireless headset for the same price.
Mic works not well after 3 months use. Now I need to purchase a new one. Go to the store instead of buying it online.
Sound quality was good, but other features were extremely lacking/not well thought out. I returned these for Lucid Sound LS-30’s, which are waaaaaaaaay better. Thank God for Amazon’s returns!
AFTER 2 MONTHS IT NOT STOP POPS AND DEAFENS FOR 3 SECONDS CONSTANTLY. waste of $100 ofc it breaks after warranty
These headphones are some of the worst headphones out there for a simple reason. they sound amazing however the quality of the build; the wire in particular is the main issue. it tangles no matter what you do bought a monkey cord to avoid thing and it still found a way to get a slight tangle going on. i say these are terrible because if you do not notice how terrible the wire is when your 1st pair breaks, you may want to get another.
Everytime the cord from the headphones is moved somewhat, the device disconnects and reconnects in the span of a few seconds. This is very annoying and unacceptable from a headset of this price
I bought this mainly for my PS4 and I should’ve listened to the reviews. The headphone is really sturdy and feels like it can live for a long time. The microphone is really high quality. I thought I would be fine without a volume scroll wheel, but I thought wrong. I find myself always having to adjust the volume using PlayStation which is a pain. Besides that, the microphone has a really annoying problem that you can hear yourself when the mic is on (basically like echoing). I thought this would be an easy problem to fix but I guess not. Overall, the product is nice and sturdy, but the lack of a volume scroll wheel and the problem with the mic makes it a 3 star. Razer, step it up.
I got these from else where for 50% off and was happy to save $50. After 2 hours of use they died with a loud pop in the right ear, which hurt quite bad. It kept repeatedly doing it also. I tried to return them, but the place had no more in stock and I lost the chance to save $50 on a headset. Razer quality is pure garbage which has left me without a headset at all and no way to afford a replacement with them forcing me out of my savings. I should have known not to purchase Razer as their quality is always terrible.
The product description here is a lie, this headset is only compatible with PC and MAC.
Comfortable headset with great sound quality. Unfortunately, the mic is garbage and I constantly have problems being understood due to distortion or low volume.  Better to get a boom mic or lapel mic, the extra expense of headset over headphones was not worth it.
These pair of headphones are extremely comfortable. However the electronics seem to be cheap and dont last very long because I have gone through two pairs already.
Worked great for the first week, then all of the sudden the mic would cut out, the playback became delayed, no one could hear me in game, audacity stopped recognizing it as a usable device, and audio levels would randomly spike or drop. Super comfortable though, when theyre working they work good, its just that, if youre going to buy something you typically expect that something to work the way its supposed to for more than 30 seconds a day.
I do not personally like these headphones. They are not nearly as bassy as my First Gen Krakens. These make music sound like you are hearing it at a concert or something. Its just odd. I have played with the settings and I can not get these to sound right.
The looks are sharp.  Not made well at all and already have issues with earphones worn down and a crack.  Called company and wanted to charge me more than I originally paid.
These headphones often create an incredibly loud electrical cracking sound that makes my ears ring with pain. Other than that, these are fantastic headphones. The sounds quality is great except when its an infernal static that scares me in the middle of the night making me throw my headphones off. Happens before every call on discord, and in YouTube videos. Cant be a software problem, doesnt happen with other headphones. (If I can get a replacement Id appreciate it)
The mic sometimes cuts in and out the sound is great
Does not work on xbox.
Ive had this product for almost a year now and have began having issues with it randomly disconnecting and making horrible popping noises. I contacted Razer support and they were unable to help me. I would steer clear of this product and opt for something of higher quality. Very dissapointed, spent way too much money and now am stuck with a dud. Also this product is not supported in Synapse 3.0 so you have to have 2.0 running on your computer to change the colors.
Description says these work with Xbox one and they DO NOT! I then purchased a USB adapter to be able to plug them into a 3.5 mm jack and they still don’t work. Only work on my pc
Do not advertise these headphones as being compatible for PS4 and other platforms when they aren’t. I’m sure they’re great and all, but I can’t tell because I now have to order a separate usb to aux converter and wait longer to even try them. I’m probably being a little outrageous but I’m tired of false advertisement. If you want to make it compatible, simply include the converter with your product and cover your cost.
Came from logitech G35 and I am not happy with the sound quality and build quality. These feel cheap and feel like I am going to break them. The sound cracks and cuts in and out a lot as I turn my head. They have a bass boost in there sound software and when its on all the headphones do is pop and crack. The USB cord is also about 3 feet shorter than the G35 I had. The mic sound quality is not clear at all either. I play online games and I have heard from several people that the mic quality sucks and to turn it off. Razer needs to step up there quality control. My headphones shipping box and packaging arrived undamaged so it does not appear to be a shipping issue with how bad they sound.
not good
The cord annoyingly is always twisted up.  Will not stay straight.
I dont usually give reviews, only if the product is way better than expected....or in this case way worse. I purchased 1 razer head set about a year and a half ago. Worked pretty good but its mostly plastic so repeatedly taking on and off eventually will cause one of the head phones to break off. I got about 7 months out of it so I said it may have just been that particular pair. Ohhh no. Since Ive been using the same razer mouse forever I figured Id just eat the $120 for the first headset and get another one. Well again about 8 months into using this one the same issue. You either need to be a drug dealer or have hit your fortune with bitcoin to have the disposable income to afford a new $120 - $140 headset on an 8 month avg. Sorry Razer...I could have lived with 2 year lifespan but less than a year? Cmon... Lesson learned. If youre thinking of spending this kind of chedder for a headset...look at a different brand or youll be feeling as empty and unsatisfied as the customers who purchased No Mans Sky.
If you want all of the advertised features of this product, you need to use the Razer Synapse software.  You get to choose between Synapse 3, which has been in Beta for 3 years, or Synapse 2, which is labeled as Legacy.  So basically you are paying a hundred bucks to either be a beta tester or for a legacy product. Personally, I can recommend anything Razer makes these days, they are going through a major crisis with their software and drivers.  I even have a Razer mousepad that once caused my PC to crash.  True story.
Worked good for a few months. Until started to make buzzing noise and got disconnected like every 5 seconds
Pros: sound is good and mic is clear. -RGB leds on the headphones are dope. chroma is great Cons: -Cord is garbage and will tangle if you look at it. -ear pads are nice but they will drench you in sweat if your room is above 76 degrees. -Mute is on the end of the mic for some god forsaken reason, if you want to mute urself you must submit your friends to the sound of you grinding your grubby fingers across the mic trying to figure out the buttons push direction. -why the hell have rgb leds on a headset that you will never see? who the hell games in front of a mirror? Arianna grande? (I guess if your a streamer that would be cool, but for a sad sack of crap like myself its useless). Gonna give this to the first street urchin I see and buy myself a logitech 933.
Headset is hot garbage.
I thought it was my computers power outputs fault at first since my headset kept turning off and the mic wasn’t working when I joined Skype. So I turned off the auto power reducing in my settings and it didn’t help at all. Turns out the microphone wiring was just funky and I had to twist and play around with the mic to actually get it to work. If I touch it or bump into it’ll just turn my entire headset off. The sound is fine it’s just that it’s unreliable and took 2 weeks to ship even though I have prime.
Beautiful, comfortable and highquality-sounding Razer headset that works... for a short-while... After couple months of owning, even though I take the best care of my gaming gear, the headset started cutting off, disconnecting and becoming unresponsive. Ive never had this issue with other Razer headset (had a Razer kraken 7.1 chroma). I am truly disappointed in this beautiful piece of equipment, that I will not be sending to "repair" as it just costs too much to even begin the whole process. Would recommend for the visuals and quality sound, but not for the durability :(
Hi, having massive problems with the cord after just about one month, all twisted up and unusable because the cord is unable to be untwisted. Its bunched up, obviously we try to untwist, but then cord just spins back to twisted position, making the cord about 12-18 inches in length, just purchased these and now unusable and seriously defective.
This headset is terrible, I bought this headset a year to half a year ago, and recently it would just cut audio while it was plugged into my computer, and it would say no headset detected, it got so bad to the point I was in a gun fight in a game when it just cut audio completely and  five minutes later the audio finally came back. And the mic on it is decent, if you have everything adjusted fine but it will take a bit. If I was you just dont buy it for a $100, you can buy a Logitech or a much better headset save your money!
The worst headset I have ever bought. Out of the box the mic picked up every sound in my house and sounded like trash. After about 30 minutes in razers program it was a little better but the mic was still terrible. I have had the same 40 dollar headset for 3 years and it is miles better then this 100 dollar peace of trash
The mic wasn’t working and it seems defected.
Have to send it back. Furiated with this. Headset plays the sounds for about five seconds, starts to sounds scratchy, then no audio at all. Headsets should be tested or what ever made them should double check the wiring.
CAUTION DOES NOT SUPPORT XBOX ONE OR MOBILE DEVICES. IT IS USB READ FINE PRINT. Main amazon
Broken Right out of the box. Bought these for use at work since I already have the Razer Kraken Pro (Green Version) at home and they work great, but the Kraken 7.1 v2 Mercury is a different story. They functioned fine for about a day. This morning when I came to work the computer didnt recognize them as a USB device, went through the whole setup process to get them to work again. They were fine for about an hour, then they started cutting out and now they wont stop making very popping noises, even when the sound is disabled. Tried Razors FAQ online but an issue with website wont display the help information (even after getting stuck in an endless login loop). Contact Razer via chat, the person I was chatting went to transfer to a technician and I got disconnected. So I guess I will need to return them.
preforms OK, bland sound focuses on the "bass", USB insert to make it feel like something fancy *believe it or not its something worse*. sound quality OK, product quality mediocre for price shouldve been 50 dollars at most and even thats a rip off for how piss poor the product preforms, gimmick buy for a razor fanboy, 10/10 DEFINITELY DONT RECOMMEND.
product is good but without the garbage software its quality is trash. mine keeps being undetected from the software and im having to reinstall it every 2 days
The headset does have good quality but good luck using the terrible U.I. and possible "Grounding Issues" in the ports as reported from Razer because they dont want to admit the faults in their hardware. I have tested this with multiple USB drives and multiple PCs but to no avail the headset still has issues in connection and "Pops" in and out of activation. Also if you want to play VR dont use this headset; the cord is too short. I would rely on an external mic and a wireless headset if you want to do that. The Corsair ones are pretty alright and if youre okay with having the headset mic being complete garbage then go for the Corsair Void Pro ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0748N6796/ref=twister_B07BJ8CM6P?_encoding=UTF8&th=1 ) P.S. I am not a Corsair fanboy or anything. I dont even own anything from Corsair aside from my RAM; but my friends use Corsair appliances and have no issues. Ive been a Razer member for as long as I can remember. Im just disappointed in this headset and recommend a different one and from my friends experience Corsair has yet to do wrong.
All-in-all its a rather good headset. Surround sound is nice, its comfortable to fit. Dont buy this for the microphone though. It might just be me though, but it builds up a lot of pressure in my left ear. (Dont have an ear infection, nor allergies. Went to the doctor for both.) Use my other headset and Im totally fine.
Lasted less than one year (9 months) bought a protection policy which failed to cover when the microphone failed.
these are" DOGCRAP!" Mutes Mic on its own cant fix it and support center are Idiots.
Every time I turn ps4 on I have to reset all audio settings so I can hear anything at all. How convenient this problem ocurred right after the return policy ended. Very diaappointed. Do not waste your money. Recommend Astros A40.
Love the headset, couldn’t ask for anything better. The only issue is to make sure your headset is fine when delivered they sent me already opened one and covered in dandruff I’ll post pics.
My son loved his Razer headphones, but they broke under normal wear and tear in less than a year. Contacted Razer Support, and they were super unhelpful and even condescending. They also will not honor warranty support on an item purchased through Amazon marketplace.
After only 6 months, a piece of the cord snapped off, and since the cord is not interchangable, its basically game over. Fellow gamer, I warn you: do not be overwhelmed by the mostly positive review. Invest rather in Sennheiser, Turtle beaches, or Corsairs. Youll be glad you did.
Sounds great but for this price should have some quality of life things like inline volume control and analog/usb option.  expensive good sounding cans but barebones when it comes to quality of life options. Plus having no Synapse 3 support is a pain, i have to have two versions of Synapse running, one for my keyboard and mouse and one for my headset. Dumb move Razer
The headset worked for a couple days and then the right earbud stopped working. I tries uninstalling it. Looked for instructions online and did everything on it.i tried another computer as well. Nothing helped. After another week, in which I used the headset with only hearing on the left side, the right side started working again. I didn’t do anything and it started working. Unreliable product.
Not very many options.
Cons: - The cord can break at the base of the headset within a year, leaving it hard to use. Pros: - Accurate spatial audio once you get used to it - Pretty good bass, but muddies audio in excess - Basically entirely aluminum frame with very few moving parts - Extremely comfortable - Easy plug-and-play
BUYER BEWARE I’m so disappointed in myself for not fully checking the reviews before buying but I believed the discription that was given saying that these headphones are compatible with all platforms. THAT IS A LIE. As clearly stated in other reviews the Razer Kraken 7.1 V2 only has a USB cable which does not work with consoles and will not give out any sound! If you are a console gamer like myself then you want the Razer Kraken V2 (notice no 7.1) which comes with a 3.5 mm aux cord and NOT a USB. If you are a PC gamer then these headphones are perfectly fine for you, but CONSOLE GAMERS DO NOT BUY!!!
So if you are looking to buy this headset for use with your ps4 don’t buy this headset. The sound on this headset is great everything came in clearly but the problem is on ps4 u hear yourself talk in the headset which is super annoying and distract you during your game. So I repeat if you are going to use this for ps4 don’t get this headset
This does not work with anything other than PC. It only comes with a usb attachment. The title is a lie. I even contacted their support and they agreed it does not work with Xbox....
Lasted 5 months before the headsets started cutting out, luckily the warranty covered. Otherwise its was a good headset. While very bulky and big, it feels like quality, Its got some heft to it, its comfortable and its not made of plastic and feels very solid. Though the Chroma version is not worth it. Theres barely any light coming from it and only five different animations to it, also the USB connection feels cheap and you would be much better off buying the Kraken Pro V2 instead of these. Like I said it feels quality but having it break only 5 months into its lifespan makes me think they just cheeped out on the internals and focused on the looks.
Bought this in March for my son and already not working properly. Keeps cutting out and has to be unplugged and plugged back in. Tried all USB ports and no change. No longer returnable and past the date for support. Razer will not honor warranty as it appears that Amazon us not one of their approved resellers.
My son worked and bought these headphones.  Last night the microphone was damaged, totally our fault but i have been on the phone with Razor to find out that due to the damage not being their fault they cannot repair the microphone, I understand it was our fault, Ill pay shipping and for the repairs, nope they dont do that...  Okay, Id like to purchase a replacement microphone piece, sorry we dont do that. Can you tell me where you have authorized repair, nope we have authorized sellers and i dont know which ones are near you. So if you purchase these, beware they are disposable, if something happens to them you are out of luck.....
Do not buy if you have an Xbox One. I mistakenly bought this item assuming it had a 3.5mm headphone jack
The headset itself seems good enough but this cord.  There seems to be no way to keep this rope like cord from twisting itself up.  Furthermore, it is more difficult to untangle the cord because of this rope like material. Now after 7 months the mic has quit functioning and has to be plugged in again to work.
I was so excited to finally purchase a new Razer headset. I had been using the same headset I got 4 years ago, the Razer Kraken Pro 7.1. This headset, while being comprised of better quality materials, feels cheaper in the hands than its predecessor. I ordered the oval earmuffs to try out, and I didnt mind the way they felt, but at times they were uncomfortable. I never had that problem with the old headset. Most importantly, this headset sounded just awful. My old headset sounds exponentially better. I spent hours trying to configure the V2 in order to get the best audio quality the device could produce. I used the headset extensively throughout the month before the return period in order to get a true feel for what the headset was capable of, and by the end of the month I wasnt impressed. I returned it. Its just not worth the pricetag when the older one is better in terms of audio quality and comfort. That being said, if you do decide to go ahead and purchase this product, heres some things you might want to consider: 1. The headset doesnt fold in like the old one ----To my knowledge, this headset doesnt allow you to fold in the earmuffs for easy storage. 2. The microphone is greatly improved ----The build quality of the mic and the ease of use is very nice is this iteration of the headset. I appreciate that they removed the running green LED light from the tip when the microphone is running. It sometimes was a distraction having a bright green light in your face. 3. The sound quality DOES improve with time ----The drivers in the headset will take time to burn in, but even then I dont think they sound as good as the Kraken V1. Remember that you have a month to return this product (as of now). Use that month to decide if these are really worth it to you.
These headphones are really great but could actually be dangerous for your ears. I find that I have to play games at 7% Windows volume otherwise it gets too loud. This is bad for recording and streaming because other people wont be able to hear. Idk why they didnt make a separate digital volume for the headset it really sucks.
Ive been using these headphones for about 6 months now. As headphones theyve been great. The microphone however is total garbage. I rarely used it and kept it retracted until I just started using it about 2 weeks ago. Its already broken. I retract it whenever Im not using it and I guess the act of sliding it in and out for casual use over the last two weeks has killed it. As a test I used some recording software to try to see what happens when I slide the microphone out. When its fully retracted it seems to work, but the further I pull it out the more and more likely it is to just stop. I can try to get it to work if I only pull it part way out, but honestly, if thats the kind of fiddling I have to do to make it work then its just trash.
Mediocre feelings but asthetically pleasing looks of a quality headphones. Microphone is not clear. Virtual sound is a gimmick. The wired connection is good. Falls short on impression and other functions. Price is too high.
It specifically says it works for Xbox but it’s a USB headset and even with an adapter it doesn’t work with consoles or phones.
This isnt a problem that everyone will have, but my headphones will periodically get a high pitched buzzing noise in my right ear. After looking around online it seems to be an EMI (electromagnetic interference) "The buzzing sound you are hearing is caused by the USB connection within computer systems that have a grounding issue." However, I havent had this problem with any other USB headphones. This buzzing is also transmuted though my mic in voice chat despite me using a Blue Snowball and not the mic attached to the headphones. The fix for this EMI problem is about $40. If I was not having this problem then I would say the headset is worth it. There is plenty of ear room and it is comfortable for extended use. The sound is rich and build in mic is fine for voice chat, but you will want a stand alone mic if youre trying to record something.
Got this for a PS4 as it says it works with it in description. It does only if you plug it directly into the ps4. So youre literally a few feet away from the console. Does not work with the controller even with an adapter.
This headset, when it functions properly, is great.  The surround sound is great, the mic works well, and the audio quality is good for the price. The failing point is the incredibly annoying software.  When I first got it, I had to install the Razer software to activate the surround sound.  After that, it required an update and I had to restart.  After that, I had to create a Razer ID and log in to the software with it.  Then I had to set up the surround sound and play with the mic profile to get it so it didnt pick up the sound of my keyboard.  Since then I get popups from the software all the time about special offers and updates.  Incredibly obnoxious from something that should just be playing audio. Sometimes when I start my computer, the mic profile doesnt apply and it picks up everything around me.  Sometimes rebooting the software fixes it, sometimes I have to reboot my entire computer.  Sometimes when I switch between the headset and my speakers for sound, it doesnt switch back to the headset and I have to exit the game Im playing and restart it to get the sound back through the headset.  Sometimes it plays half the sound through the headset, half through the speakers. The software really gets in the way of what would be an otherwise great product.  Theres no reason for the layer of complexity this software adds.
Audio quality is great and it is comfortable, Ive been using this for about 5 months until recently the headphones kept disconnecting by itself and reconnecting because of a loose wire. I have not damaged the headphones at all and this all happened by itself. I am very disappointed with the poor design of this headset and the short lifetime. Otherwise I would of given this product 5 stars.
Had the headset two days ago. After 10 minuets of using it it disconnected from my ps4 I’ve reconnected the headset but keep disconnecting. I tried to solve the problem but I couldn’t. So don’t waste your money.
Had the headset for less than a year (maybe 8 months) and out of nowhere it started shorting and then reconnecting.  A year later and now it constantly shuts on and off if you move the wire by the smallest bit.  Really frustrating when listening to music and/or using any type of voice chat like discord.  Dont waste $100 on a product thats gonna crap out on you in under a year.
Was working very well and just today I put it on and the mic broke out of nowhere
The headset has awesome sound. That’s as far as I goes for me. All the customizable features of the headset work for the PC only. My biggest complaint with this is the mic monitoring can not be turned off while using it with the PS4 and picks up every little sound in the room. So, I was constantly forced to listen to myself breath and hear my movements on the bed and such. I read forums where people said they just got used to it, but it drove me up a wall to the point where I pulled my broken headset back out of the garbage and switch back to it. I was also forced to turn the mic volume all the way up because everyone I played with said they couldn’t hear me. As a footnote, the usb cable is too short and I had to adjust my gaming set up to accommodate it.
I’ve tried this pair on 2 computers. Every few minutes the left speaker cuts out and I must re connect the usb. Will not buy from razor again, MASS PRODUCED GARBAGE sounds good when it does work I must say. But wtf razor
Do NOT purchase these, they broke very soon after I purchased them for my son and I am still trying to collect from the Square Trade 3-year protection I purchased "just in case" they should break!!!!  Do yourself a favor and purchase a different brand.  Razer is supposed to be a great product, but they missed the mark with this headset
So right now, on my desk I have the Razer Kraken 7.1 Chroma, the Razer Blackwidow Chroma, the Razer Naga Chroma, and the Razer Firefly cloth edition. Razer has been a great company for a long time, but now they are taking a step towards Alienware. All name and no product. My Kraken headset is right a round a year old, so its gotten a little use. The comfort isnt anything impressive, so there is no use boosting that. The material quality is the same thing you would get on ANY other headset thats designed basically the same way. An ear-cup is an ear-cup. The sounds quality was almost really good due to the fact Razer gives you a nice surround sound boost when you buy the Kraken. This "sound boost" or "sound enhancement" just created a lot of static when ever more than 1 thing happened. Which as a gamer thats listens to music like so many of us do, its all static. I would not buy this headset again, I would not recommend it to any friends, and I will not buy Razer products again. (All my Razer products are bad and low quality but this is specially a headset review.) I encourage you to look for other companies. There are far to many great products out there that will give you more for your money. There is no reason to stick to this company.
The description is wrong and misleading. My son was very excited to receive this headset only to get it and realize he couldn’t use it because it wasn’t compatible !
Is not compatible with XBox 1.  Do not buy if you want to use it with your XBox!  I have spoken to Amazon about this and they have yet to change the title.
Used the above headset before I got this, fed up with the firmware issues. Hoping this can be my replacement. The Kracken is definitely a drop in audio quality, enough to where I might still use the glitchy headset most of the time. Seems not to have as much of an audio range and the 7.1 drivers kinda suck. Mic isnt as good either. Fits well and seems sturdy though.
Less then 2 months headset stopped working. Keeps connecting and disconnecting and making popping noises. Very disappointed.
Lost functionality in the left ear within 2 weeks of normal usage. The headset did not suffer any sort of improper use or accidental damage, it simply stopped working all on its own. The headset is clearly just cheaply constructed and is not built to last, and it is far less comfortable than a headset such as the HyperX Cloud Series headsets.
Trash... I used it for 1 year and it started to break. The sounds keep disconnecting and reconnecting and is pissing me off. I loved it till it started to break and there is no option but to buy a DIFFERENT headset that is better.
Stopped working after a year but could have been me
Gaming
