I’ve been cycling thru earbuds and headphones, hating one after another until these. Comfortable.. great sound.. call quality.. and ease of use.  The only improvement that would earn five stars from me is retractable ear buds.  Though they magnetize together.. I don’t like them dangling around getting caught up in clothing and my necklace.
I had some trouble connecting via bluetooth at first but it was an issue on my devices end because of low battery / battery saver. Once I resolved that I was able to connect with multiple devices at the same time. The battery life is pretty good depending on how much usage. I am able to use it for a full day typically while using it frequently for phone calls and occasionally for music. The transparency mode does bring down the audio volume which I didnt realize at first but that does make sense. The noise cancelling does work.
Comfortable, solid pair of headphones I wanted the Loud & Clear 4 Mic Noise Cancellation headphones to use with my Apple Series 4 watch and I’m pleased with the result.  The headphones are made up of a neckpiece with connected earpieces; I was a bit dubious about the design initially (I have major neck issues have difficulty tolerating weight of any kind on the back of my neck), but I was pleased to discover that the neckpiece is surprisingly weightless. It includes volume controls, and on/off button, and play controls (forward/back).  Also included is the ability to trigger the active noice cancelling mode (ANC), vs transparency and “normal” modes.  I don’t imagine using anything other than the ANC mode (why listen to headphones unless you want to be able to block things out to hear music?), but the ability to transition back and forth could be a nice option for some.  The ANC version seems solid, although is not totally impenetrable to the barking dog test (i.e., they probably work great with normal noise on a crowded airplane, but maybe not a shrieking baby). The headphones came with a nice bag that includes a zippered compartment for its extras (a USB charging cable, a micro USB charging cable, and ear pieces of different sizes). Music quality was good—not tinny, but not something to boast about either since you can’t titrate the bass/treble. Overall, I feel as though this is a comfortable, good quality buy for the price—with the added benefit of not having to worry about losing individual earpieces unlike what name brand competitors may offer.  An added bonus is ten hours of playtime without having to worry about charging.
The Good: -Comfortable -Great sound -Noise cancellation helps with noisy environment -Long lasting battery -Easy set up -Good microphone The Bad: -None The Bottom Line: I wear these all day in the office to help me concentrate. They are comfortable and the noise cancellation allows me to have some peace and quiet even in my noisy environment. The set up is super simple in that you just pair the Bluetooth. The sound quality for highs and lows are superb and the microphone is great which allows for great calls. The battery is long lasting and easily goes the whole day with no issues. Overall, I would recommend these headphones for office or general use. *If you found my review helpful, please let Amazon know by clicking the helpful button below! **Disclosure: I received a sample product from the Amazon Vine program for an honest and unbiased review.
This Soundcore Life NC Neckband Headphones with Active Noise Cancellation is the best Bluetooth headset I have used to date. It has a very good sound quality and sounds good to those calling me as well. It is comfortable around my neck and is easy to adjust as well as power on and off. It has a straight forward charging port and blinks a white light until it is charged. One side of the neckband has the volume control and one side has the power on button and the "next track" button if you are listening to music. It pairs very readily.  It is easy to hook up to an airline so you can listen while traveling. It is comfortable and the headphones magnetically connect back to back when not in use so it doesnt get all tangled up in the storage bag. It carries a charge for hours so I dont suddenly run out of power in the course of a workday.  I definitely recommend this Bluetooth headset.
I am thrilled to own this headset! I spend hours a day on the phone with clients and have used tons of Bluetooth Headsets and have like each of them, but this one is so much better! The Soundcore Life Headset is hands over fist the most comfortable earbud set I have ever used. There is no feeling of constriction or worry that the buds will fall out during the conversation. The buttons on the piece for volume, noise reduction, on / off are easily found and more importantly work easily. I dont feel like I have an uncomfortable object around my neck.  There is enough cord to move my head effortlessly while working and most of the time I dont remember I am wearing them. I am amazed by the Noise cancellation on this set.  I cant hear a sound from anyone or anything around me other than the person talking or the music playing. Simply amazing set.  The design is perfection.  I LOVE IT. These are the specifics from the manufacturer; Crystal-Clear Calls: Four microphones built into the neckband are equipped with uplink-noise- cancellation technology to eliminate background noise and boost voice clarity. Hi-Res Audio: Custom 12 mm drivers deliver professionally-tuned sound with a rich, immersive sound signature, superior clarity, and Hi-Res audio compatibility. Active Noise Cancellation: Block out ambient sounds for distraction-free listening, or turn on Transparency to interact with the world around you. Soundcore App: Pair two devices simultaneously, tailor Life NC’s EQ, or customize the button functions. Flight Mode: Use the provided Micro USB-to-3.5 mm AUX Cable to continue enjoying music at 30000 feet. If you are on the fence about purchasing this set, jump over it.  This is an amazing headset.
I work out in a very noisy gym, so I have been searching for a solution that offers effective Active Noise Cancelling (ANC) and that is also sweat proof and reasonably priced. These are unique since they use a neckband for the controls and the ANC microphones. I was concerned that the neck band would be too heavy, or would just be an irritant hanging around my neck. It is neither - it is so lightweight that I forget that it is even there. The sound quality for music is also very good. Call quality seems fine as well; my callers can hear me clearly and vice versa. The ANC is also pretty good. I have a pair of over the ear ANC headphones that cancel out more sound, but they are pretty big and bulky, and are not really designed for gym use. The Soundcore is certainly more agile for gym use, and per the box, are sweat proof.  The ANC on the Soundcore is certainly adequate at blocking out most background noise, and I believe the noise isolation that is provided by the in-ear tips also helps block out background noise. The ANC is basically either on or off. There is a "transparency" mode, but all it seems to do is vastly drop the volume to a pre-set level which cannot be adjusted. The unit ships with 4 different sizes of ear tips so I was able to find a size that effectively seats in my ear canal. This helps with both sound quality and sealing out noise in conjunction with the ANC. I also like that the tips do not fall out of my ears when I sweat, which is a problem I have encountered with other ear buds. It also includes a travel pouch and a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which is great because my phone has a headphone jack. (this also allows in flight entertainment options as long as they are 3.5 mm.) Overall, I think these are a great combination of ANC, sound and call quality, comfort, and portability. Im happy Ive finally found an audio solution for my gym.
I recently bought an Apple watch and wanted headphones to use with it  while I worked out.  The first set of earphones I bought were twice as expensive as the cost of these and wouldnt pair with the watch!  According to Apple, some do and some dont!  Certainly not a comfort to me! Thats why I was overjoyed to see that these paired almost immediately.  Furthermore, the sound quality was excellent, especially when put into noise canceling mode.  I hear the music quite clearly without the other sounds from the gym filtering in.  I was a little concerned because they hang around your neck, but that hasnt been an issue at all.  The earplugs stay in my ears (I punch on a heavy bag), and I never notice that they are around my neck! These are just as advertised: they provide clear sound, stay in place, and mute the surroundings.  Now if I can just return the others....
Ive tried many different neckband style Bluetooth headphones from Motorola, LG, Skullcandy and others. This is by far the best. The battery life is incredible. I listen to podcasts most of the day and I used to need two different headphones to get through the day. Ive never even gotten to the low battery warning on these. I do charge nightly and then Im good to go for whatever I need to do the next day. Im not sure the noise cancelling is worth much. I have noticed a difference but the type of earbud is already a passive cancelling design. The transparency mode is fine but send email to work as well as turning down the volume. Finally, these stay in place better than others as well. Not the earbuds, but they are good too, but the neckband. Most neckbands Ive used do eventually fall to one side or to the back. These will move a bit from side to side, but never fall back. They are definitely the best Ive used for this as well.
So far, I appreciate the improved sound quality over my LG Tone. I do miss the retractable earbuds though. The controls are intuative, and Ive been told I can be heard clearly. Thats something I had a big problem with on my LG Tone. Overall Im happy with the product. I do hope a future version will have retractable earbuds... or at least a way to magnetically anchor the earbud(s) to the device (vs the other ear bud) when not in use. Sometimes I just want to wear 1 earbud without the other flopping around.
Im a serial trail-and-error purchaser of blue-tooth headphones (my wife is concerned for my mental health with this obsession). Having admitted that, I also refuse to pay $350 or so for premium over-the-ear noise cancelling headphones that are simply too hot, bulky, and ugly all at the same time. Finally the marketplace is beginning to offer lighter and cooler in-ear active noise cancelling models with attractive features and price. After reading about the Anker Soundcore Life NC neck-buds and their feature list, I took a gamble and ordered. Glad I did. I find the sound quality on-par with my Bose Soundlink on-ears, but without the requisite funky hair and painful squeezing of the ears against my glasses legs after wearing. My preferred Smooth Jazz playlists really pop with the Soundcore Life NC across the frequency band, with pleasant, defined bass offsetting the smooth mids and treble that doesnt jangle my nerves with excessive sibilance or ringing. I wish the EQ modes could be accessed directly from the headphones instead of just from the app, but Im happy to at least have the option to change the sound profile as needed. The neck-band-bud design, to me, just makes more sense than other alternatives from an engineering perspective because larger batteries can be used, controls can be placed within easier reach, multiple microphones at the ends of the neck-band pick up voice far better than in-line cord mics, less weight on the ears themselves, etc. These Soundcore Life NC pack all the features I want in a work/travel active noise cancelling headphone except for the notable and unfortunate omission of an auto-off feature. I was somewhat surprised to find that the transparency mode actually forces a reduction in volume level, but that actually makes a whole lot of practical sense as it reduces the amount of isolation needed to prevent feedback and lets you more readily interact with people and unexpected sounds. Best of luck to you with your buying decision, but for my money the new Soundcore Life NC is an excellent choice. More use time may reveal weaknesses, but so far I dont really see any and I expect that these will get a lot of use.
Necklace-style earbuds seem to be going out of style these days. They are bulkier and heavier and generally less comfortable than the more compact earbuds, but they do have important advantages. The necklace lets them hold a much bigger battery than compact Bluetooth earbuds, especially compared to the "true wireless" style and thus the battery life is tremendously better (up to 15 hours with the noise cancelling turned off). Sound quality of these earbuds is good: generally loud and clear with a good frequency range. Noise cancelling seems weak to me, though Ive never been a fan of noise cancellation on earbuds, since the earbuds block so much external noise already. My main complaint is that these earbuds are much more expensive than LG or Motorola necklace-style earbuds that I have found to have about the same sound quality.
Transparency mode is great.
love the sound... love the battery life... hate the mics on this no one can hear me clearly...so annoying... but they are so comfortable I can wear them for music all day...so I would buy them again but not if you need then as your primary mic for on the go conversations
I have had this neckband for several weeks now and I am very impressed with it.  It is slightly heavier than some other ones out there but I actually do appreciate the heft.  I keep the neckband under my shirt collar and the weight keeps it from moving around or falling out as I move about.  The sound quality is very good.  The signal range is excellent.  The battery life is very close to the specification.  5 stars!
Pros: * Excellent build quality.  High quality soft-touch plastics, buttons are solid, USB port cover is easy to manage. * Controls are convenient, responsive and intuitive.  I was able to control everything even while wearing thin cool-weather gloves. * Very good sound quality.  Capable of producing more bass than needed, and is easily EQd out.  Some highs are a little light above 8K, again easily EQd. * Active Noise Cancellation is just OK, but as good as can be expected for this kind of design.  It doesnt compare to a Bose QC (which is an over-the-ear design), but it does reduce a noticeable amount of low-frequency rumble. * Outgoing phone call quality is outstanding.  My call recipient thought I was talking directly into my iPhone. * Simple pairing and setup.  The accompanying app is a nice bonus, and offers rudimentary EQ and switch control. * Extremely comfortable and stable.  I like the neckband design, which permits head movement but eliminates any "tugging" on the earbuds, resulting in a consistent, solid seal. * Nice drawstring carry pouch. * Included 1/8" mini-phone plug adapter is a nice touch in case you want to plug in to your airplane seat. * Battery life is rated at 10 hours, but I havent had enough time to fully evaluate.  Nonetheless, this would be plenty for my purposes. * "Transparency mode" is an interesting feature that decreases the audio input level and turns on the microphones to give a more "open" feel.  Presumably this is for phone calls (and not music listening) since the audio input levels are decreased substantially. Cons: * Invoking Siri requires a long press of the play button, then waiting for the Siri beep, then commanding.  The latest Beats phones now provide "always on" Siri, but they cost nearly 3x the price.  Perhaps Anker/Soundcore could add this capability to their to-do list.  If they ever add this, I know Ill be a customer. My main activities while listening are working around the house and outdoor hiking.  These headphones fit the bill perfectly by allowing full head movement while maintaining a solid seal, and providing excellent phone call audio quality for both ends of the line. Highly recommended. 6/3/19 UPDATE: Since Ive been living with these for a while now, Im happy to report that the ANC is better than expected.  While wearing them in a moving car the normal rumble was gone.  Other HVAC and refrigerator sounds were also well attenuated.  While ANC is still not as good as a true "over the ear" design (i.e. Bose QC, which by nature provide overall better isolation by sheer physical design), they are truly an asset to the listening experience.  Frankly I cant remember when Ive enjoyed listen to music more. Ive also learned that "transparency" mode is very useful for phone calls (although the manual really doesnt explain it).  With transparency mode enabled, the occlusion effect is significantly reduced, resulting in clearer, more natural sound while speaking.  Callers report they can hear me well even when outdoors with moderate ambient noise (including wind). Physically, the headset continues to hold a charge well and while it feels a bit fragile in my hands, are fairly robust; I continue to be careful.  Wearing comfort is off the charts.  Consistent solid seal, no tugging, and lightweight design make them virtually disappear. For now, longevity is my only current concern and if they make 3 years, Im stoked.
Everything about these  Soundcore  Life NC Neckband Headphones spells great quality. Really there is nothing that I dont like about them. I own a variety of headphones of different quality and cost. For the money, these are a super deal, with little, if any down side. The first thing that I like and therefore a plus, is the extreme comfort these headphones possess. The neckband itself is well made. They rest on the neck quite comfortably and unobtrusively. The band is very thick and solid so it does not move around when you are in movement. The controls are built into the headband and very easy to access. One of the things I preferred for these headphones is the pairing mode. It is very easy and quick. There is a vibration when paired that lets you know you re connected via Bluetooth. This can be done without taking them off of the neck with a simple touch of a button. The volume control is by itself, on the right side, so there is no confusion about where the controls are, as they are not all bunched together like some headphones. The noise cancelling mode works adequately, although I rarely have use for it, as I need to know and be aware of my surroundings while I listen to music. Ive used it a few times to block out rude, noisy people on public transportation and it works to silence the obnoxious people. The earbuds themselves are very comfortable. They do not pop out of your ear with movement and stay in place. The design of the buds is fantastic as they fit snug with a well designed  curve in the  bud ear piece apparatus. This feature is key as it  helps seal outside noise and makes your listening experience very good, even without the noise cancelation mode activated. The sound quality itself is very good. I was able to listen to my favorite music, a variety of genres, with exceptional clarity with due emphasis on the highs and lows. Recently I took a three hour, roundtrip train ride on the Amtrak Surfliner, between San Diego and Los Angeles, along with about 2 hours of trolley and metro travel. I used these headphones since they are my favorite pair, plus walked around several hours and was able to use them the entire time on just a full charge. I had forgotten a cable to charge the headphones but  they lasted the entire trip! I easily used them for 10 hours without charging. I think these are an outstanding choice of headphones, where you get  sound quality, comfort and value. Most definitely recommended.
These are great with one deficiency. They work really well for phone calls, and neither I nor the person on the other end has trouble hearing clearly. Music sounds really good with these. Very balanced sound.  The battery lasts a really long time. The issue is the dangling earbud cords. I do wish the cords were retractable so I don’t risk damaging the when they aren’t in my ears. Especially for travel when I’m carrying other things, I’d like to have the buds safely stored instead on just hanging.
Tested with BT 5 on a Win10 Desktop and a YouTube version of Andrea Bocelli, Aida Garifullina - Ave Maria pietas which has quite a lot of room reverb. I found that on other headphones, the smaller earbud designs amplified the reverb tails -- almost unbearably so. This headphone set exhibited some of the same, but not as pronounced. In other words, an improvement over competitive units tested so far. When the audio stream is less full, such as the voice and light string orchestra in Vásáry André - E. Morricone: Once Upon a Time in the West, or G. F. Hndel, Lascia Chio pianga. Soprano with Julia Lezhneva -- the headphones were quite satisfying with good volume range before distorting. Performance compared to an over-ear set from Koss, for instance, is likely unfair. The Koss isnt running on BT, and you cant take it on a jog. Its important to state the obvious: the heavier over-ear units become unwearable after a couple of hours. The question is whether you can live without the bass and lower midrange that accompanies the earbud design. Listening to Patricia Petibon - Mozart - Zauberflte - Der Hlle Rache kocht in meinem Herzen on these headphones, though, will make you a believer.  The fault often lies in the original audio mix. With a perfect audio stream to begin with, as in this DG recording, you can approach a five star outcome. The "neckband" design has its limits. You will need to memorize the controls and their position because you wont be able to see them very well without a bit of position-jockeying. On the other hand, compared to those with no neckband, you wont spend 20 minutes untangling the cord; by the time you get that done, the phone conference is over. Youll need to figure out how to store it in transport, though.
I bought some other Anker ear buds on a neck-piece before and they were good. Unfortunately, they broke after about 6 months. I was looking for another pair and found these. At first, I did not know these were made by Anker. I read some reviews and thought since the price was a little higher than my previous ones, maybe I would give them a chance without spending way too much on another brand. I can say that these things are GREAT for any type of music. There are 3 modes. Normal, Transparency, and Active Noise Cancelling (ANC). I leave mine on ANC. These things blow away the other brands I have had. They sound so much better than my old Anker ones. When they arrived, the box said Anker! I would buy them again.
I bought these headphones so i can listen to music while riding my motorcycle. With the ANC on it makes outside noise too quiet! I ride with them on normal mode. They were a bit of a hassle to setup, but after the initial pairing to my phone, they are very easy to use. I can feel all the buttons through my leather gloves as well. The battery lasts a very long time; i usually dont have to charge them for a full two weeks with daily driving.
I got these for walks.  I am not actually a fan of in ear headphones as I’ve had issues with my ears before and they just aren’t comfortable to me.  That said, when walking I don’t want on the ear headphones as they get all nasty if I get sweaty.  So for fitness, I prefer an in ear. I listen to audiobooks and music with these.  The sound quality for both is excellent.  I have another brand that works well for audiobooks but is a little disappointing when it comes to music, a fact I didn’t even notice until I got this pair and compared. The controls are easy to use.  The neckband is comfortable.  My only real complaint is that the silicone styled ear phone pieces comes off way too easily.  One day I removed them from my ears, went to charge them, next day I went to use them again and found that piece missing.  Right as I was about to put the replacement piece on, I spotted that piece on the floor next to the desk the charger is on.  I still have no clue how it fell off.  I’m extra careful with them now and make sure that piece in firmly in place every time I go to charge. I haven’t really tested the battery life as I charge them after each use.  So the longest I’ve tested them for is maybe 3 hours of use + left off of the charger for a day or two.  For me, that’s standard use and they obviously more than hold up for the lengths I need to them to last for. The noise cancellation is so so.  Better than some other in ear headphones I’ve tried, but definitely not as good as my over the ear headphones (and I wouldn’t expect them to be).
Im not a particular fan of the earbuds that fit around your neck like Soundcore neckband do, but I was pretty impressed with the audio quality these deliver. They are reasonably comfortable, and the earbud portion actually have magnetic ends which are mighty convenient too. I gave them to my girlfriend who absolutely ADORES them. I was worried they would be a style she didnt care for, but she was over the moon excited. They have pretty amazing battery life, too. The Noise Cancellation is slim to none and in my opinion, these are more accurately noise isolating and not noise cancelling...which are entirely different. Many dont realize what it means, however...but Im in broadcasting and deal with audio equipment for a living, so I am plenty aware. Either way, they still sound pretty great all things considered. Now, with that said, would I compare the audio quality to my Bose Sound Sport Free earbuds? Uhhh no. But you also have to factor in that they dont cost as much as the Bose, either. So keep that in mind. All in all however, I think these are the best neckband style earbuds Ive tried yet. I totally recommend them.
I wear this at my office with the Active Noise Cancel feature on, all the time.  It does a pretty good job with reducing the low frequency noises.  Of course, it is not as good as Bose or Sony which is 3 times the price.  Overall, I am satisfied with the product.
Really cool earbuds. Clever design. The new buds all seem to be doing the same "bar across the neck" type of buds for active people who wear them alot and want the stability of having them around their neck (comfortably). As I just said, they are comfortable. The buds fit in the ears nicely and not much "futzing around" to get the correct position for full bass and sound.  The sound quality is really great, and full bass and rich highs make these enjoyable for workouts and regular use.  The bar around the back of the neck is solid, slightly more heavy than other bud sets of similar design but I like that. They feel good around the neck. The sound of the microphone when talking on the phone is decent enough, hearable without being too "coney" or with distance of sound.  Thats a good sign of quality buds.  They are easy to set up, charge up fast and the battery life is fine. Noise cancellation is okay, but as far as buds go, they are always "noise cancelling" when in properly. So these are good enough, but for true noise cancellation the best way to go are on the ear or over the ear headsets. I had them on for 5 hours with no bother to my ears.  They are comfortable, sound great and are a solid buy.
Great sound, excellent battery life, very comfortable, and super easy to pair with my iPhone and fire tablet.  Super impressed!!
I have the QC30 which is what I am comparing these too. Sound is very good out of these. No not Bose quality but 200 bucks less. Noise cancellation works but again not near as well but 200 bucks cheaper. The neckband design is better than Bose and doesn’t creep around your neck. IPX 5 rating which is nice.  Overall I am very impressed with the headset. Good clear sound. You can download and app for additional eq setting and max volume setting. Excellent bang for your buck. I love em.
The first thing I was worried about was the collar thing. Would I mind wearing a collar with my ear phones? It turns out, the collar is a great solution. Its stable, comfortable, and allows easy access to the controls. Also, I presume this allows for the big battery that provides 11 hours of playing time. The controls, by the way, are great. They are easy to find, easy to use. The ear pieces themselves come with three sizes of tips and fit quite comfortably and securely. When not using them, they hang down out of the way and connect together magnetically. The unit paired easily with my iPhone; there was no fussing about with that. But the best part of these is the sound. They sound amazing! I have another pair of Anker Soundcore headphones, the Liberties, and I thought those sounded great. But these sound even better. They have great highs and excellent mids. Mids are crucial..thats where most of the music is. But the big difference is the crisp but hearty bass these things can provide. Its not like theyre spamming extra, and extra blurry, bass into your ears like a pair of Beats. The bass is where its supposed to be, clean and natural. But big, as if it were coming from full sized cans. Noise cancellation seems fine, using a vacuum cleaner to test with. Transparency mode, on the other hand, seems to only turn the volume of the music way down. I have a lot of headphones because I collect them. These are going to be in heavy rotation because they are convenient, well designed, and sound awesome.
These are a comfortable set of Bluetooth headphones (earbuds), of the neckband variety, that do a good job with all the different types of music and audiobooks that I have been listening to each day. I really like that they include a cable that can convert these to wired headphones in case you have that desire or need. What is interesting is that you do have to turn them "on" when in wired mode but it definitely works and works well. The noise cancellation is very good and I really like the "transparency mode" where you can hear outside noises via mics that allow a certain amount of outside noise in. I think these are a very solid addition for anyone that needs good battery life, likes flexibility and options. These are super comfortable to me and they come with a good number of earbud covers to ensure a good fit. I didnt have any issues with them falling out or being loose or anything (I also did not go running in them...because I really dont like running) but nonetheless, they are good for me going to and from work and also listening to something while doing my daily tasks, etc. The battery life is supposed to be 10 hours and I never needed to charge them halfway through the day or at any point, really. The controls are numerous (which I like a lot) and the Bluetooth connection is solid. People are also able to understand me when I have used these on calls as well. These feel like they are made well, come with a nice bit of accessories and a bag that is helpful to keep all things together. The noise cancellation is among the better that I have heard for ANC with earbuds. I really did not realize how much noise they were blocking out until I turned Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) off but it was definitely subtle but strong. Overall, I think these have great sound, are good for use via phone conversations (like conference calls, etc) and the ANC is good. Fit and functionality are outstanding as well. That said, if you are looking for a solid set of neckband earbuds, I would recommend these. The value is pretty good but the quality is there as well.
I have a thing for wireless headphones, earbuds...theres lots on the market and many are from manufacturers I have never heard of. Ive heard of Soundcore, but only a little. I travel for a living. I took these on a trip. I am comparing them to Bose Hearphones because that is what I normally use. Thats a $400 difference in cost. The Soundcore neckband feels kind of...cheap. It feels like hard, thin plastic. The Bose feels great, but it likes to travel. It works its way around the neck if you let it. Winner Bose. Noise cancellation: The Soundcore does a good job of reducing noise in an airplane, and that is important. The noise cancellation of the Bose is adjustable through a phone app. It has a higher level of cancelling. Winner, Bose. But good job Soundcore. Earbuds fit: Part of active noise cancelling involves getting a good fit from the earbuds. Soundcore is good, although it can be a little uncomfortable (using medium tips). The Bose are almost perfect. Good job Soundcore, winner Bose. Sound: Soundcore is good, although a little light on the bass. I suspect some burn in time will help the bass. Bose is almost impossible to beat on sound. Winner, Bose. Battery Life: Soundcore lasted 9 hours, the extent of one trip, two flights. Bose is short on this at about six hours. Winner, Soundcore. Summary: Bose is just hard to beat, but you pay a lot for it. For the price, Soundcore is a good choice. Recommended.
So many nice features for the value. This is my first pair of headphones that has offered me a choice between noise cancellation and transparency mode. I absolutely love this feature. When Im alone and dont have to worry about my kids, noise cancellation is the way to go. However, there are many times I want to listen to music, but do not want to be oblivious to my surroundings. The transparency mode is safer when out in public spaces. These are also very comfortable for my very small ears. I basically have child ears and these fit nicely and stay in snug without hurting. As Ive gotten older Ive become more partial to the neckband style as they allow me to move around more freely without being caught on cords. I can let them rest on my neck all day, unlike a wireless pair where you would lose them if you let them just hang on your neck. The sound quality for calls is crisp and clear. You definitely are immersed in the conversation. These connected to my pixel 2 phone and my daughters iPad very quickly without no hassle. I like that the charging port uses a popular cord. I always have a micro USB in my car and at home for charging other things so I do not need to worry about taking a proprietary cord with me. Overall I like this neckband style headset a lot.
I cant answer for sure, they were a gift for my son.  I can tell ya that he is absolutely nuts over the sound quality.
Ive used these for a couple of days now, both from a home office and from a corporate office.  I hope to provide additional review comments after a more extended period.  Initial impressions - The product listing indicates that it comes with earwings.  Mine did not come with earwings.  The box indicates that it comes with 5 sizes of ear pieces - mine came with 4 sizes.  After 2 days, I switched out for the smaller size for comfort, but I feel like I may need the earwings in this case - but it didnt come with earwings. noise cancelling is less than I hoped but it does make a difference - on the first day my wife was calling my from the other room and I had no idea.  On the other hand, I do hear some noises in the room around me with noise cancelling on.  I plan to also try these out on a flight in the next couple of weeks and determine if the noise cancelling is good enough for me to understand voices in audio books and movies. So far reviews of how my voice sounds to others on conference calls has been fine - though I hope to record a webex with my talking via this headset to get a better sense of mic quality.  The mic does pick up some surrounding sounds, such as my typing on keyboard.  Ill check this concern out in more detail when I record a meeting on webex. The transparency mode does allow me to hear external sounds a bit more, though not as good as  when the headphones are off - in other words, it did not give super-human hearing. I had read that this headset wont warn you when the battery is low and about to run out so I decided to plug the headphones in to charge via usb while I was on a call... this closed the bluetooth connection and my phone switched to on-phone audio. I bought this headset because of the limited options for over-ear, bluetooth headsets with a boom mic.  My previous headset was a Plantronics Voyager Focus which generally worked well, though the plastic cracking on one of the side arms led me to seek a replacement.  I also like the idea of a neckband headset like this that I can use for calls and music and still comfortably wear a hat... I like hats.  I actually considered getting a shure headset and adding the bluetooth 5 option, but I felt like that would be harder to control while on conference calls since it is not specifically targeted at people who are on the phone all day for work. The jury is still out for me on this neckband headset... I think it will be good enough.  I also think there is room for improvement.  At least Anker thought about call clarity in addition to noise cancellation.  With so many people on calls for work, it seems like more headset makers would offer booms or other better mic options to their headphones which have good noise cancelling.  If Bose QC 35 II had a good mic or a boom mic option, I would have given it stronger consideration - but so often products that are good for music and noise cancelling drop the ball when it comes to microphone.  They are more concerned that a boom mic wont look sexy.  They should be more concerned when their mics sound like garbage.  There are a lot of people on a lot of calls everyday who would be willing to be good money for quality bluetooth headsets to deliver both in regards to mic, nc and sound.
These headphones are comfortable and the charge will last several hours. The active noise cancellation is amazing to me for something that isnt over-the-ear. The Mrs. doesnt like that there is a solid horseshoe "yoke" that goes around your neck that connect the earbuds. "Who wants to wear that? Its like an ugly necklace." So - I had to take a star for that, but if you dont MIND that its like an ugly necklace... you might consider it a 5-star product! I was provided a free sample of this product in exchange for this unbiased review, but I truly like these headphones.
I have a pair of Bose QC35s but was looking for something more portable for travel.  I was extremely impressed with the audio quality of these and, short of a side by side comparison, found the noise cancellation to work great on the airplane.  I had also tried a competitors version of these and returned them due to relatively poor sound quality.
I have been a fan of neck headphones ever since LG debuted the original design a very long time ago. Nobody had anything similar, and I was skeptical of them. Why would you want to wear headphones on your shoulders and hug your neck especially during working out? I gave it a try and fell in love (after making a few adjustments.) But LG Tones headphones came with some annoying flaws with each successive model, one of which was audio cutting in and out, and the other being that they did not last very long: their headsets died within a year. I had three of them. All died within about a year. Customer service was terrible. LG was flying high on its exclusive design. Then came the copycats. They were even worse. Enter Anker, a brand I had first been introduced to for their quality battery packs. Then they came out with great car chargers. Speakers. Multi-USB wall chargers. Great customer service. Great warranty length. The companys mission was to create less expensive copies of popular items, but make them with great quality. Did I oversell Anker? Based on my past experience with their products, I expected their take on the neck headphones to be good, if not great. PROS - Quality material - Great sound, but lacks some bass - 10 hour usage (takes about 2 hours to charge) - Reasonable pricing to LG Tones neck headphones - 4 microphones for better pickup of your voice (while drowning out background noise) - Active noise cancellation (muffles the background sound a bit) - Transparency mode (amplifies the background sound a bit) - Multiple, silicone ear tips so you can pick one that fits your ear - Connect up to 2 devices at the same time - "Flight mode": connect a 3.5mm headphone jack to its microUSB port for continued listening - Sweat proof - Bluetooth 5.0 - Vibrates on incoming calls - Travel bag included - Great warranty length - Good customer service - Comfortable to wear (in fact, I often forget I had them on until they fall off when I take off my shirt) - Button to activate voice assistant (Siri, etc) - Buttons to take calls CONS - Volume could be a bit louder, especially if youre going to use it on an airplane - Earbuds attach magnetically to each other, but unlike the LG Tone, they cannot be attached to the device itself. As such, if you only use 1 earbud, the other will fly around. If you run without the earbuds on, both could separate and fly all over the place - Takes some adjusting in the way you run to prevent the neck band from bouncing up and down your neck too much - Bass could use some more power Overall, I really like this set of headphones after my disastrous experience with the LG Tone neckbands. LGs original was great, but LGs subsequent models, their poor customer service, and poorly-executed copycats made me stay away from this type of headphones. Anker did great with their take on this classic. If you found this review helpful, please click the "Yes/Helpful" button below to encourage me to write more. Thank you!
Full-range sound that can produce clear, accurate piano, flute, and spoken word without excessive bass (this is a chronic design issue in OTHER products, and my personal bete noir), yet get you that solid Cello bass vibrato when it *IS* appropriate. Sound quality is MUCH better than many, Many, MANY competing products wildly unbalanced narrow sound range. Battery life is great, fit is comfortable ( I found I wished the cords to the earbuds were JUST slightly longer so that when I threw the band outside my shirt instead of inside it reached way up to my bulbous head and fit into my ears without tugging when I turned my head (its close, so happens only if its located slightly more posterior of the direct-skin-contact inside my shirt). I would have liked the cords to retract, but that does seem a bit like a feature that would fail over time, so perhaps just as well it does not. The difference between ANC, transparent (and to a lesser extent the neutral normal setting) is amazing. Although transparency mode caps the volume at about 40%, its nice to be able to have both ears in and not be oblivious to outside noise. Although, when you want to, on mass transit, the ANC is even better. Unlike other headphones\headsets I have used, the (foreground) sound quality does not detectably alter in any significant regard between normal and ANC, while the background noise drop is immediate and significant. Going from Normal or ANC to transparent (assuming at or below 40% volume) is similarly immediately noticeable in terms of the sounds you werent hearing, but the foreground sound also seems not to change. Of course, Transparent to\from either other mode at >40% volume is accompanied by an abrupt volume adjustment that makes judging sound quality trickier. Voice calls are "Night and Day" difference in sound quality from my old\other headset(s) according to the people I call or am called by, who have often complained about nearly all of them sounding awful (mic or noise cancellation on mic), while my side always sounded great (speaker quality vs. mic quality). Would get these again, and would recommend them to anyone, for any reason, with no qualifications. Im not just happy with them; Im delighted by how much they exceeded my expectations by.
Got these to replace a sony over the ear noise canceling headset that broke after delicate use. I love these headphones. They are the first ones that Ive had with a neckband - and I thought Id hate the neckband but I love it. It keeps the headphones from moving around and I like how the earbuds are magnetized and stick together. Looks decent, too. Super easy to connect to phone or pc or other device, sound is great and mic works well. Surprised how well the noise cancellation works for in-ear unit. Havent used other moes. Also, biggest plus for me is the shape and angle of the ear pieces - they point up and they are the only ones that stay in my ear. I havent tried Apple pods yet but these are spectacular. I use these every day at work and the only frustration I have is it takes 2 hours to charge. But they last all day.
I liked everything about these headphones except for the missing mute button. I would recommend these headphones to anyone looking for great sound and excellent call quality in a neckband form factor.
I have a number of BlueTooth earbuds. Some are strapped or joined together with a cord from ear to ear, and some are isolated "in the ear" pieces. I use them when working out or working around the house. Sometimes driving in the car when I want to use my music with playlists, which I have loaded onto my Samsung phone. For me the ultimate criteria is how they sound, and many out there simply do not sound very good. They either color the sound too much, making them harsh and tinny sounding or thuddy with bass boost that is not crisp, and sounds muddy. First of all, this paired instantly with both my Samsung phone and my iPad. And what I really appreciate is that it identifies itself in your devices pairing window, by its name instead of some indiscriminate jumble of letters and numbers, like so many BT devices. So it is quick and easy to figure out which line item in your pairing window belongs to this unit. There is a reference in the product info that you can pair two devices at one time, but I am a bit puzzled as to what that means and have not tried to figure it out. I am happy to report that these are pretty true to the original music and are even better when EQd with music player apps, such as Rocket Player from JRT Studios, which I have used for about 4 years now. I love Rocket Player for its simplicity and streamlined features. You can get as complex as you want with the many features that it offers such as customization of its inner workings or applying many different styles to its appearance with "skins".  But what I really like about it is its 10 Band EQ, which can be dialed in manually to an inverted bell curve which is the optimum profile for great sound. So when I link the Soundcore unit to this setup, I can get a really great and totally satisfying sound out of the earbuds. And I feel more comfortable wearing this in an active setting such as working out or working on remodeling tasks. I dont feel like I am going to lose the ear pieces (i.e. falling out), with the neck unit securely resting on my collar bone and around my neck.  It just feels "so right". I did make a few phone calls with it and no one complained, thinking I was talking into a regular phone without the speaker on.  I found the active noise cancelling to be extremely effective, even with no music queued up and playing. When the unit is on and doing its thing, without music playing, the sound in your ears is totally dead, even with someone talking to you from a few feet away, so be aware of that isolation, especially when out in public walking, jogging, or driving in a car. Since I am using Rocket Player for my music playback and EQ, I have not yet tried the Soundcore app to see how it compares to Rocket Player for their EQ capability. The onboard controls work effectively, pausing, advancing to the next song or going back. The volume control is also how it should be. To adjust volume you do "quick" button presses up or down. But the same rocker button is the one that  controls forward and reverse by using "long" button presses. Took me a couple tries to figure this out, but it works  precisely once you get it down. Since I had been wondering for quite some time, how well these "neck resting" really work, as far as comfort and quality of sound goes, I was happy to see this unit offered in the Vine Program, receiving it at no charge in exchange for my review. I had been reluctant to purchase any of the many brands out there offering this type of technology and form factor, but after using this unit, I will be abandoning the high end BT earbuds that I have been using at the gym. I have found that they tend to slip out of the ear, when sweating, unlike this Soundcore, which stays put. Another overlooked factor is that due to the Soundcores neck unit being larger and more spacious, it allows for a better rechargeable battery, for longer listening experiences on a charge. You can easily get through a whole day, although I cant imagine anyone having this active for 8-10 hours in a stretch. Thus you could use this for a full week between charges, listening intermittently as most people would. I fully encourage the purchase of this brand for its quality of sound and build.
Bought these about a month ago, and have used them on a few plane rides, at work, for conference calls, etc. They’re good all-purpose earphones with good (if a little bass-heavy) sound. I particularly like the noice-cancelling, that I can plug them into the airplane media center, and the battery life. It’s worth noting: If you don’t have a good seal with your ear canal, the active noise cancellation won’t work. The ear pieces that come with it cover 3-4 different sizes, but may not be perfect for you. I noticed that I had great active noise cancellation on a flight from DC to Seattle, but had to use the biggest ear pieces and they hurt my ears after a while. I pulled the ear pieces off a pair of cheap airline earbuds, and they fit perfectly! Happy to say I just flew again, and had a great experience. Almost as good as my Bose headphones, but much less bulky (and more useful, imho). They work okay for conference calls. I’m told that my voice sounds good, but the sound is a bit like an echo chamber. I’ll keep tweaking the settings. Only real downside so far: The earphones are so big that you can’t lie down on your side. I sometimes fall asleep to music but these won’t work for that. Otherwise, a great purchase!
