You have to make sure the phone is centered on it or it will not charge. Not sure if it matters but My phone is in a OtterBox symmetry case. Overall it works pretty good
This works really well - most of the time. I have this sitting on my bedside table. A couple of times Ive placed the my iPhone XS on it, and it didnt charge. This has only happened twice (after months of usage). However, youll notice that if you sit the phone on at the wrong angle or not over the "right spot," it wont receive the charge. This is very simple to detect, because the phone vibrates and makes a little "ding" sound once it starts charging. So as long as you make sure its getting charged before you walk away, youll be fine.
Can be hard to center to start charging
Awesome power and easy to use
I purchased this early in its life cycle. I normally wait until I see more reviews before jumping on it. That said, I am glad I did!  This charges slower that a fast plug in version, but quicker than the Apple supplied jack.  The ability to just set it down and have it start charging, even through an otter box, is awesome!  I highly recommend!
The Anker 7.5 charging pad is great for those who would like to take advantage of the benefits of fast wireless charging. This operates on apple’s “fast wireless charge” of 7.5 watts so you can charge your iphoneX/iPhone 8 faster. The good news is this one can also wirelessly fast charge android phones so if you use multiple phones this is a great alternative since you only need one charger. It also comes with a charger and i’m using it well on my iPhone. The item is well packaged and since this comes with the pad and charger, its also budget friendly since other wireless pads do not come with a charger and will need to buy one separately.
Ive purchased many Anker products and more often than not they exceed my expectations. Anker just builds in nice quality and value. I recently switched from iPhone 7+ to a Galaxy 9+. ( I will love Android, but damng... its a bit uphill learning curve and finding everything.) So I got this charging pad thinking hey, I like Anker products, this might work better than the Samsung charger . The packaging, like all Anker products really shows that this is a group of people that care about quality. Anker customer service has been very responsive... kinda surprising in todays world. I hold Samsung and Apple in high esteem, and Anker is right up there... even more responsive. This charger is well built. They even include a little velcro wrap for the cord. Quite nice. If I could change anything about the charger, it would be the cord.... The Galaxy uses a USB-C while this charger has a micro usb cord. So, when I travel, and want to minimize cords... this would not be as good as the Samsung charger, which happens to be the same price or so. Also the plug in part of the charger is kinda bulky, as is Samsungs. Its not always easy to plug two things into an outlet. Charging times: I ran my phone down and charged using both wireless chargers, and kept track of time. From 0% .. dead.. to 100% Anker 2:34 Samsung 2:48 CLose enough that it probably doesnt matter. All in all a great charger option. UPDATE:.  I DOWNGRADED THIS. Heres why:.  The cord falls out randomly.  Near the base of  the "pankcake"  it just falls out, resulting in a dead phone.
Having the 7.5W wireless charging capability makes this charger a step above the other wireless chargers that I have used as it charges that much faster. It has a sleek design and is big enough that my iPhone X sits on it nicely without wobbling or falling off. Anker always deliver top quality products and this is no exception.
I use this on my nightstand. Works great!
Had an issue and it was promptly resolved by Anker. Thank you
No problem at all. Charges my iPhone X super fast. It also is a larger pad compared to the others I own.
EDIT:  anker found this review and sent me a new charger to my home free of charge under warranty.  thanks and hopefully this one works, they did right by me. I had this charger from November 2018 - Feburary 2019.  The charger died on me this week.  Barely three months. It worked great before it died, however now all it does is give me a blinking blue light.  Tried different cables, wall adapters, phones, etc.  Wont charge anything and now its a paperweight.  I am very dissapointed in this product, second anker wireless charger that has given me problems, the first had a loose connection in the micro USB port.  Will not buy Anker again for wireless chargers.
Update: I received a replacement. The replacement is working well at this time. Previous: This product worked for a few hours and stopped, out of the box.
This is an excellent wireless charger, and it really looks good on my desk. I upgraded from the previous version of the Anker wireless charger as soon as this one because available because I really wanted the fast charging capability. It is much faster, of course, but it is also much better looking, in my opinion. It is not quite as thin, but that is understandable considering it is a lot more powerful. I know it seems like an unnecessary point to keep reiterating, but it is a really attractive looking charger, as well. I like the white color. The only real flaw in the device is that it is still using microUSB. I would have much preferred that it used a USB-c input. Hopefully that is something Anker will include in the future (or maybe they do already, I havent checked because Im happy with this one), but even without it this is a great wireless charger.
[Update] Anker reached out to me directly and offered to send me a different product without a fan for free. This one Im entirely happy with. Adding a star for superb service. Not suitable for night-stand, the fan is audible. Additionally, Qi chargers apparently have a high-pitched noise not everyone can hear (only I can hear it in my household). Ive since moved on to a competitor without a fan.
Charges iPhone 8 Plus through defender case
Was happy before this week, then all of a sudden it died.  Be careful if you want a charger that lasts a long time.  Cannot endorse this one. Update on Feb 10 / 2019 Anker contacted me after sending my review and sent me a new power adapter.  Unfortunately my wife had thrown away the charger itself but I appreciate their effort to make things right by their customers.
I was having a lot of issues with my charging cords charging my iphone at night. They would say that the phone was charging but then in the morning it wouldnt be charged up. Since buying this charging pad i have not had any issues with my phone charging at all. I honestly love this charging pad so much. It also charges itup super fast with the correct wall plug. My phone battery also lasts longer now as well.
A lot of these off brands like to cheap on quality - but not this one - made very well and works perfect - has a good QI range to charge your phone
So this was my first time using a wireless charger. I recently got an IPhone X so now I can use wireless charging. This has been amazing. No more grabbing wires and hooking up to phone. Super easy to charge at work. When at work I’m always picking it up and putting back down on charger. At home my wife and I take turns just putting our phones on it as we need it and it’s just so easy to use and seems to charge pretty fast. Highly recommend getting one or even two of these one for home and work.
Good quality and fast delivery
Its on my bedstand so I can charge my iPhone at night, and its got a fan but its not noticeable, very quiet.  Charges fast.
Excellent product.  Charges fast without issue. I use it with a Galaxy s6 and a Galaxy S8 both with Otterbox defenders.  No charging issues at all.  Highly recommend.
This charger comes in a nice white cardboard box, little different from the typical Anker packaging, but still all recyclable. Once you get this, you can start charging right away because it has everything you need. Included in the box is the wireless charging pad, a premium feeling cable, and a wall adapter. There are also the pamphlets with they instructions and typical Happy/Sad Anker card included. I have been using this for a few days now and I have found myself and everyone that comes over using it. I have an older wireless charger that I got a few years ago, and this blows that out of the water in the speed of charging. If you do not plan on using it to charge your phone overnight, then I would suggest putting it in a room that you are in alot. I ended up placing mine in my living room, since I am using watching TV or something else that is not on my phone, so it can be charging. I would suggest this if your household has multiple different types of phones in the house, but all support wireless charging. This way they can all be charged on the pad, but do not have to worry about the different cable types. While this is charging the phone, there is a fan that runs quietly to help manage the temperature of the device. If there are no other sounds in the room, then you can hear the faint sound of the fan. It is very quiet, but it is still there. On the charging pad there is a dim blue led light that indicates that your phone is being charged. I would say that it should not be distracting in a dark room. The light does turn off when it is not charging. The other positive aspect of any wireless charging is that it reduces the wear and tear on the charging port of the phones. In conclusion, it is a fast wireless charger that simply works, no hassle, no fuss. This would be the way to go if you want an all inclusive fast wireless charger.
Like all Anker products, this is well made. Unlike some other wave chargers Ive tried, its actually a good size to support the phone and substantially weighty. You must use this with the included power supply, dont assume because its USB that you can plug it into an unpowered USB port. It charged my iPhone X from 85% to 100% very quickly, less than 30 minutes since I plopped it on the pad and dashed off to do laundry. Another thing is that cheap, imported power supplies and batteries can be unreliable at best, and a nightmare at worst. Anker is one of the few companies I trust to spec their products right. This product does not disappoint, its both sturdy and attractive, with a nice soft touch finish that might save your phone for getting knocked off by the cat as he wanders by. Your phone was expensive, so it makes sense to charge it with a reliable product. You cant go wrong with Anker. I also have the model that stands up at my office which is super handy for glancing at your phone while youre working. I think this one is a good nightstand model.
Great wireless charger!  Charged my iPhone X and 8 without issue.  Very quiet since there is a small fan built into the product.  Love that it comes with a wall adapter.  Build quality is amazing, no surprise from Anker.  Charges with my standard leather case and clear plastic iPhone 8 case. Thinking of buying one for the my office and putting a second one there. #UseAnkerInstead
This thing is amazing! Got it for hubby and he loves it. No looking for the port just lay your phone on and it charges. Edit to add.. we loved this thing while it worked but at the price and only working for 6month I am somewhat disappointed. Edited to add again,the company reached out and offered to sent us a new one free of charged...we got a slightly different style power wave stand and like that one even better! Great company to work with!
This item is great at charging my LG V35 ThinQ.  The fan is a nice extra perk to have to keep your device cool.  Received the product promptly from Anker.  I own multiple Anker products and they are top notch items.
I was so excited to get this charger, even paid for fast shipping (1 day shipping). This unit failed me after 2 weeks of usage. The blue light does not come on, I changed the cable, to no avail. The power brick is working, but not the pad. I am  HIGHLY Disappointed that this unit does not work, and it is not cheaply priced. UPDATE AS OF JAN 31, 2019: After reviewing the original product, ANKER, reached out to me via email to resolve any problems. They offered to send me a REPLACEMENT, FREE of charge. I most certainly took them up on their offer. I must say, which Company does that anymore? I said yes because I have purchased many chargers from ANKER and have never had a problem before this unit. I held off on an updated review to test out the Replacement product. I plugged and unplugged this unit many times to see if I can duplicate what went wrong in my previous unit. I wanted the new Unit to fail as the previous one did, but it did not. The new unit is working just fine - I hope it certainly remains that way. Kudos to ANKERs Customer Service - they responded to my concerns on personal emails and provided me with a FREE working unit. This Customer is happy.
Easy to use and charges iPhones fast. Built in fan is audible but doesn’t bother me. It keeps the phone cool while charging for an extended period of time. Phone position must be dead center to work. Comes with outlet power adapter.
The charger works fine and the included wall plug is nice. The catch is the fan, which is audible in a quiet room. If you like white noise it might even be a plus, but it’s not ideal for a bedroom. Moved it to a noisier room and it’s fine.
Good charger. Even charges my phone with my heavy case.
This charging pad is great!  The charging area is big and it charges the phone very quickly.  The one star off is for the fan noise.  It seems its on whenever it is charging regardless of heat. The fan noise could be a problem in the bedroom which is why I put this in the living room instead.
Charges fast and works great with a case on my iPhone!
The Anker charging pad works great. It looks sleek on my desk and I just put my phone on it for a few minutes or a few hours and it charges my phone.  Works the same through the iPhone case. Five stars.
After just a little over two months use it simply stopped working.  Seller promptly agreed to send me a new one and if this one lasts a decent amount of time I will update my review.  But a 2 month life span for $45 purchase is disappointing. Update - Anker was true to their word, promptly received replacement which is working fine.  So,,, can’t complain about customer service that’s for sure.
Ive never had a more pleasant customer service experience. After having purchased this and using it for a couple of days, I was a little bit concerned about having to place my phone directly in the center of the pad for it to be detected as charging, and about the product needing to be plugged in (I expected it to be fully wireless). It takes some getting used to, but I have one on my desk in the office, and it works great, and is tremendously more convenient than having to plug in the phone to charge it. The build quality is good, it charges quickly, and is compatible with my case (Spigen Tough Armor). Upon receiving notice of my concerns, I received an email from a product support representative, who offered to send me a charging stand for the inconvenience. You can tell they really care about the customer experience. With support like this, theres really no risk to buying it, because you can be secure in knowing that they will do anything to make sure youre satisfied with the purchase.
High quality charger that is quick with the iPhone X.
I love how simple it is, and its nice not having to put a plug in especially when youre at your desk and going back and forth between calls. I feel like that charger is slow, the Ankers standard charger does faster on the iPhone X. The pad itself seems durable and looks elegant on the desk, but if it did charge the phone faster, I would give it the full five stars.
Overall 4 stars, removed a star because you have to make sure your phone is positioned just right in order to charge. Have woken up a few mornings with an almost dead battery because I forgot to double check that it was in fact charging.
I have purchased several Anker products. All products are as described and or of great quality.
Very good
Bought this 4 weeks ago, worked great first weeks but now is sporadic. I can not count on it charging my iphone so it is no good  since it is to late when you get up in the morning and find a 10% charge. At first i thought I was not placing it on center but I am carful now and have problems. Update: Anker reached out to me after reading this review and they are working getting me another unit to test out. That is amazing service.  this will f solidify me as their customer. I wish I had contacted them directly in the first place, they stand behind their products! Will report back on new unit
as expected
Im very happy with this wireless charger. It senses my iPhone 8 and delivers a 7.5W charge quickly and efficiently. This is my third Anker product - I have two powered USB hubs. Ankers customer service is superb.
Lost the power brick.... unable to find a replacement power brick UPDATE: since anker is the best company every they sent me a replacement brick and told what bricks I would have to buy if I ever lost one again. This is why they are my go to charger company.
Works great, charges fast, well made.  Anker is boringly good at what they do!
I was very surprised to receive an email from Anker customer service after they saw my last review. I cant believe how good their customer service is! They offered to help me trouble shoot the unit and then since that didnt work they are sending me a new unit. Works great as promised
There is a lot of commentary out there and a lot of piece-part solutions to achieve fast wireless charging for the LG V30. Anker delivers here with a better than the others solutions, specifically because of the fan cooled base. This is essential. If your wireless pad doesnt have built-in cooling, it is inferior. This also applies to other handsets that support wireless charging. The phone placement on the pad is a little touchy to get used to at first, but after a while you get used to it, not a big deal. I can go from a single digit charge to full in 1.5 hours on the V30. Very pleased.
This charger is beyond slow and you have to place it JUST right on pad in order to charge. I would NOT recommend. Update: I contacted Anker customer service and they promptly made things right. They sent a new charger and it seems to be working better. Not as fast with charging as a wired unit but it works. Anker is a fantastic company. They have fantastic customer service and support. After this experience I would highly recommend their products because they seem like quality well built pieces and the company stands behind their products. 5 stars great company! Up there with Amazon customer service.
Anker is my go to for electronics needs on Amazon and was really excited to try the pad for my iPhone XR. After trying with and with the case, this charger is slow. I’m better off with the factory charging components. Otherwise it feels like a solid unit. Bummer... We’ll Anker made it right,  or questions asked! That’s why continue to support them!
Love this product! You hear a little fan but it’s not distracting at all! I should have bought this a long time ago
For some reason this particular charger would not rapid-charge my wifes IPhoneX.  The look, feel, and construction of the charger looked great, but as it only charged my wifes phone at normal speed, we decided to return the item. Upon hearing of my concern, Anker CAME THROUGH! Not only did they completely address my frustration with it not rapid charging, but they went above and beyond to make sure that I was happy with my replacement! Theres a reason I keep on returning to Anker - they have fantastic customer support, and ALWAYS make sure that Im 100% satisfied!
This thing is awesome!! Works great with our iPhone 7
The Anker Powerwave is an excellent induction charger.  My wife’s iPhone 8 and my XS charge faster with this induction charger than the lightning cable and Apple charger.
Works great, charges my iPhone x quickly. The fan sound i initially was a little annoying but after day 3/4 i stopped hearing it. Grips the phone well but case holds it better. I wish they’d add a grip ring around the edge to keep the phone from ‘walking away”
Works very well.  You have to place the phone centered on the pad for it to work but I assume all wireless chargers are like that.
Great charger and provides “fast charging” for iPhones (which means 7.5W). However, this thing does make a little noise that’s normally not noticeable unless you put it next to your bed / nightstand. Don’t use these in your bedroom if you get distracted by light noise. Perfect for office or other non-quiet settings
I just upgraded from the 7 plus to the iphone XS and was worried about all these bad reviews about how slow wireless charging is blah blah blah and i saw that this is suppose to charge faster. Just for reference I guess my phone was at 27% and i sat down to play one or two matches in a game with my wife in league of legends and within an hour my phone was between 60-70% just from sitting there. It is fast enough that I do not mind if the wired versions are faster due to the fact that i can just sit down at my desk, just set my phone down and forget it and itll just charge effortlessly. For people like me this really matters. I have phone cases and it goes through the phone case and charges as well too. I bought 2 of these!
Works great when it works. Don’t know if it’s the plug or the charging pad but it only charges about half the time I put my phone on the charger. I’m of course outside the return window or I would be returning. 1/18/19- update on the charging Pad. After my review Anker reached out and offered a replacement at no charge. I have been testing the new PowerWave in the same circumstances I was having issues with the first one for a few weeks. I can gladly report that I am no longer having the issues I was having previously. I have changed my rating due to this. Took a star off as the first one was faulty.
Works well with my Xs Max and my Wife’s S9. Large enough that you don’t have to place your phone in the painstakingly prefect position to get it to start charging. Works on my phone with a thin case on the phone (Caseology Legion series). My wife has an Otterbox Defender series on her S9 and it will not charge through that case, though. I appreciate the built-in automatic fan for the charger so it does not get too hot.
Charges fast, works as it should
This charges my phone quickly and it seems like my phone holds a charge longer than using a regular lightning cord. I bought it so I could have headphones plugged in at my desk at work, and charge my iPhone 8 at the same time. The fan has a little noise, which doesnt bother me, but after 6+ months of use, there are little gray/black marks on the top of the charging pad. Not sure how that happens.
Perfect!  Got good feedback from the recipient!  Would buy again
EDIT: After receiving a replacement unit, I must say the Anker PowerWave is working beautifully! It seems that the previous unit I had may have been defective. The charger is the quickest I have and can now charge my phone with the case on without problem. Id definetely recommend the charger and Anker over all for their superb customer service. _______________________________________________________________ I searched every where to find a wireless charger that would blend in with my room decor. I thought it was a plus it happened to be Anker. Unfortunately, though my phones case is thin, I have to remove it every time I charge my phone which a huge hassle. I have a wireless charger at work and another in a different part of my home that were much cheaper off brands and they charge my phone with the case on just fine. The Anker does charge fast but due to the price point I expected it to perform much better than my other chargers which were so much cheaper. I will have to return.
This charger works through my Otter Box Defender case to charge my Galaxy S8+ which is a big bonus.  I didnt want to have to remove it for charging purposes.  You do need to lay the phone on the sweet spot on the pad to activate it but it lights up to indicate that its working.  So far so good.  I wish I had ordered the standing charger pad since the S8+ is a larger phone and I feel it would be a little more secure on the pad.
The Anker PowerWave 7.5 works well and and looks good on my white Ikea desk.  I was initially concerned about charging my iPhone +8 through my Lifeproof  FR, but it charged with no issue.  My only complaint is that the packaged cord is a little short for my use cases.  It is too short to reach my standing desk, and too short to reach my nightstand.  So be aware, that you my need to use your own.
I love how convenient this is.  It sits on my desk at work an charges effortlessly.  To answer is easy because I don’t have to pull off a charger cord to talk.  Downside...very short cord, it wouldn’t reach a standard outlet from a desk top. I plug it into an outlet strip on the top surface of my desk.  Also the transformer is a big block.
Works great with my iPhone X and my Galaxy S8. Charges quickly. Great product and great price.
Charges samsung very fast
UPDATE: Anker reached out to me because of my review and not only replaced my charging pad, but sent a 6’ cable! That is amazing service. I buy a lot of products from Anker, and this will further solidify me as their customer. It does the job as far as wireless fast charging, but its not as simple as just placing your phone on it. For my experience with my iPhone X, there is a small "zone" I have to find to get it to charge. Its not a big deal, but can be annoying if you put your phone down and not pay attention to see if its actually charging. A 6 USB cable instead of the included 3 cable would also be very helpful
Good product
Ive purchased (and used for a week or so) both the Anker PowerWave 7.5 & the Anker PowerPort Speed 4 Quick Charge 3.0 43.5W 4-port USB Wall Charger.  So far, both products are performing up to expectations.
I originally gave this product a low review, but I am happy to report that was premature. It seems the unit I got had a very rare failure. The customer support team worked with me and went out of their way to help make it right. I must say I am very impressed. They sent me a replacement unity that worked much better right out of the box. So, clearly, the one I had was marginal from the start. I am very happy with the product and it works better than I expected. I also have confidence in the brand and will look for more of their products to add to my growing stockpile of tech accessories.
Wireless is, of course, a crock! There has to be wires in order for anything to receive power. Goodness, what advertising is doing to us. But yes, you dont have to plug your phone into a cord each and every day. Just drop your (newer only) iPhone onto the pad and away you go. There is a small fan, but it is hardly noticeable. You must really listen closely to the pad if you want to hear it. The blue charging light is almost invisible when on, very hard to see if it is lit or not. You usually hear a "ding" on an iPhone when it starts charging, so you still have that indicator. Has been working well, charging seems to be faster than with a lightning cord.
Charges slower than a cord, but it’s nice to grab and go and not worry about my cord falling behind my desk!
Very convenient to use!
I love this! I bought it to keep on my desk at work and so far it’s been perfect. So perfect I convinced two other people to buy it as well!
Ordered 4 of these for family. 3 of them works fine but one power pad keeps blinking and doesn’t charge. Must be a defective one Update:  The customer service at Anker is amazing. They really want to make you happy with their products.
What can be easier than to simply lay your phone on a flat object? Simple.
This charger is great!  Works well with my iPhone XR through my case and works consistently.  There is a quiet whir from the fan that keeps the coil cool so it charges quickly, but it doesn’t bother my wife or me at night. This was worth the purchase over older models since it comes with the adaptor.  Anker products are great!  This charges amazingly fast and doesn’t take up a lot of space on my bedside table.  I liked it so much I bought one for my daughter.
Easy to use and looks great
Pretty fast charging even with case and pop socket on it!
Would have given it 5 stars, but one crapped out after a couple of months. The other is still going strong. We will see what happens.
Great product - Love Anker!
Rapid charging, no wires, no fuss, keeps cool. Great product overall, but I wish the "sweet spot" was a bit bigger. No regrets and will probably get another one for work.
Nice to have a way to charge the phone without plugging directly in. Not as fast as the original charger that came with the phone but easier to use.
This fast charger is awesome! It really is fast charging for my iPhone XS Max. Its easy to use and very portable. I keep it on my nightstand so my phone charges when I use it as my alarm clock. I also travel with it, as the wall charger, cord, and pad are very small and pack easily. The fan noise is imperceptible. The only thing is to make sure the power button is on (check for the blue light) when the phone is on the pad. Other than that, its perfect!
I have been very pleased with my Anker Charging pad. I have always had great luck with the Anker line of products. Last year I hiked from Portland, Maine to the Chesepeake Bay Bridge in Virginia and had an Anker Solar Charger, 2 Anker Power Banks with me to keep charged up and they all worked wonderful. When I saw this Anker charging pad, I did not hesitate to get it. I wish it was a little bit wider but it works great. I have a Samsung Galaxy S9+ with an Otter Box Protective case on it and this charger has no trouble charging it even with the thick Otter Box Case on it. It is working out well so far. It seems to charge very fast.
Love the ease of charging!
Works very well with Samsung Galaxy 6 / 7 phones
Works so well. The design, package and all the details are premium quality. Perfect match for my iPhone X. I’m very happy with it.
After a month of using I do not have a complaint. It does have to be lined up where the charge light comes on - I’ve had no charge in morning only twice but it was my fault. I’ve had it now for 6 months and it still charges fast and I’m very happy with it.
The product is awesome. Works great at an incredible price. Light weight, very quiet a premium product. I totally recommend this wireless charger.
Satisfied so far. Does what it’s supposed to do.
Charges my phone fast & its great 
It works very well and looks nice. Be warned, it does hum ever so slightly because of the internal fan. I didnt realize it had a cooling fan and had purchased it for my bedstand to just set my phone down and let it charge. When the house is very quiet you can hear it if youre right next to it. Its a constant white noise sound so its not really the worst thing for a bedstand.
Beautifully-engineered and crafted of durable materials. Internal fan is quiet, and the LED indicator is minimal. Intend upon investing in a longer Powerline micro-USB cable, as the included 3ft cable is too short, but otherwise, it’s a perfect product!
Fast charge. No issues yet.
So far I am loving this devise.  It charges my iPhone 10 quickly and it is soooooooo simple to use.  I have a very nice case on my phone and it charges through the case with no problems.
Excellent product for a great price , well made and comes with the adapter as well.
Some times a product comes along that just does something better than the last version. This is the kind off thing that ruins you from using corded chargers forever. Excellent product. Exactly what I was hoping for. Very nice looking. Works great. I use at night so I dont really care about it being slightly less fast than corded chargers. I may get one for desk at work as well. Only way it doesnt work well is if it gets bumped off its base which has happened a few times when my pillow drooped onto the night stand. Easy fix: move it away from the bed a bit. I love Anker products. Always quality.
Great item, works without issue.  Tested with thicker cases (Otterbox Defender, Spigen Toughcase) and all work perfectly.  Does have a fan, so not silent, but very quiet and not noticeable.  The slightest white noise, not an issue for sleeping if it’s on a night stand.  Anker stands behind their products, it’s a safe buy.
Fast charger that works through my case.
Awesome product, looks great on the table and a fast charger.
Excellent Product!
Fantastic product and so easy to use. iPhone user with otter box and silk phone covers, No problem charging
I love this wireless chaeger for my iphone X, specially I bough it when it was on sale $30.99, can’t beat the deal and quality Update: the top surface doesnt have enought grip to keep the iphone x on top of it, it sliced off center sometimes and woke up with no battery charged overnight.
good
charges  my phone fast
works great with my iPhone X
This is the second wireless charger I’ve ever owned. This one is miles above the first one, which was an overpriced Verizon store bought one that constantly made an annoying “ticking” noise. I hate traditional chargers, mainly because they cause damage to the phone’s charging port over time. I looked at many “fast charging” wireless chargers for my iPhone 8. I decided to give this one a try because it has a “cooling fan” and I like the design of it. I’ve had it for over a month now, and I feel like I can now give it a fair review. Listed below are the pros and cons of this charger: Pros: Cooling fan: It actually does keep the phone from overheating. I think this is necessary to protect the phone’s battery. Design: It’s kinda thick because of the fan, but it doesn’t take up much space. I have mine on my nightstand. The white color is pretty and matches my furniture. Fast charging: I charge my phone overnight, and it chargers to 100% within a few hours. It’s the fastest charger I’ve ever owned. Placement is easy: Some wireless chargers are very picky about where you place the phone. This one isn’t. I put it down wherever on the pad and it immediately starts charging. Other pros of this charger are that it doesn’t “overcharge” your phone. It turns off once your phone reaches 100%. It turns back on periodically to keep it at 100%, but doesn’t run constantly. I also love the cord included, it’s 6 feet long and of very good quality. The blue light to indicate the phone is charging isn’t bright at all, and doesn’t bother me when I’m sleeping even though my nightstand is right beside my bed. The only con I can think of is that it’s a bit pricey. But I highly recommend this and encourage you to buy it even though it’s not super cheap. For the quality of this charger the price is definitely worth it.
This is a quality product made by a quality company. Highly recommended if your searching for a wireless charger that offers very quick charging times.
The wireless charging pad works well, even with a thick case on the phone.  Ours stopped working after 6 months, and I contacted customer service.  They were great!  The problem seemed to be with the power adapter that plugs into the wall, but they ended up sending me a whole replacement unit.  Fantastic customer support from Anker!
High quality. Super quiet cooling fan. Excellent.
I enjoy not having to run down a charging cord. It is so easy to just lay my phone on the charging pad and go about other things
Kind of a small circle of effect, you have to place your phone just right, more so than other wireless chargers. But otherwise very pleased. Does it’s job, and doesn’t shut off randomly like samsung 8’s Chargers would.
I am so happy with the people at ANKER Direct. I had a small issue and they  immediately addressed it. Such nice people to deal with. I will continue to be a customer. A very happy one. Jennifer
Cant go wrong with Anker products.  No complaints
Original product quit working and customer service was quick to reach out to send me a new charger.  Very happy with the new charging station.
The charging pad looks durable.  I plugged it in and it worked.  It was well packaged and had simple "picture" instructions.
As easy as setting my phone down.
Works with phone covers and I like the white for a clean look. But has fan to not overheat which is a problem after reading reports and doing my own personal tests with other chargers.  Most chargers don’t have a fan. Great price.
Excellent charger...
This is great it works with otter box on and samsung and I phone. Highly recommend.
This product works as advertised.  I am happy with Anker products that I have purchased before, and this is no exception.  The fan noise is negligible, and it keeps everything cool.  Have already ordered an additional one of these.
***UPDATED REVIEW*** This is an update to my original review (posted below).  Anker customer service contacted me immediately after I gave this pad charger a 1-star review the first time.  They sent a replacement unit [which arrived even sooner than they said it would] and it has been working without any issue since it arrived.  I have changed my 1-star review to a 5-star review and can confidently recommend this product to anyone.  Rest assured, the customer service team at Anker goes above and beyond to ensure they do whatever it takes to turn the situation around! Original review: After reading so many positive reviews I had high expectations and decided to purchase two of these pad chargers for mine and my husband’s iPhone X’s. The deciding feature that made me choose this particular model over others being the tiny cooling fan within the unit that prevents your phone from overheating.  I’ve purchased other products from Anker in the past and have always been pleased with the overall quality whether tiny Bluetooth speakers or longer charger cords (always seem more durable than others).  As with other Anker products, this pad arrives neatly packed in the modern Anker logo packaging.  The pad itself has a sleek and clean appearance (and if you are an all out Apple household like ours, the white coordinates perfectly with the rest of your Apple accessories :) So I was REALLY surprised that today one of these pad chargers has suddenly stopped working!  It’s literally the 4th day using it (and it’s only been used at night) so not sure what’s wrong.  But we have checked the power cord, the outlet, disconnected and reconnected it - all with no luck.  One is still working at the moment but I am wondering if it will stop working or if this one is just defective.  I’ll be reaching out to arrange for a return but am disappointed as I didn’t expect this from an Anker product.
works perfectly..
I will go straight to the Pros and Cons. Pros: Looks good on the night stand   Very quick to charge my Galaxy 9 plus   Inexpensive   Always stays cool due to built in fan that produces some white noise, but it is mostly unnoticeable.   Works with the protective cases ( i have two different cases) on the phone when charging. Cons: Stays ON with the fan working wile the phone on the charger even it is fully charged. Overall I am very happy with it . Would give it a 4,5 stars but the choice is only 5 or 4. Buy it and you will not regret.
Works great with iPhone X. Even with a case and metal finger ring or popsocket (attach it toward the bottom, right above or over “iPhone” as shown in picture). Even with space between this charger works great. Ordering another when on sale again!
Best wireless charger I’ve used fast reliable and easy to use
Works great, just wish it was a little cheaper!  Mophie charger that is made for Apple phones isn’t much more than this.  After testing this unit does not always put out 7.5 Watts but is a nice design and ventilation is a plus!
Works when you have it lined up just right. I want to find one that I can plop it down anywhere and it just starts working.
It works well I Love it!!!!!
Anker surpassed my expectations for customer service and sent me a new unit immediately after the original purchase didn’t work.  The new unit works very well.  Well built and charges quickly.  It is so convenient to have wireless charging.  Love it.  This is one of several Anker products I’ve purchased.
Product looks and works great, but it has a fan. I dont see why they couldnt make a design without a fan. Returned because even though the fan is quiet it is still noticeable. I was contacted by seller and was pointed to the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Stand which doesnt have a fan and it works great for fast charging on my iPhone 8 and X. So if you dont like the fan noise I would recommend getting there stand model.
I like anker products. I’ve owned a few and they seem to be quality and well made. This charging pad is no exception. It’s stylish and I like that it’s white and gray because it matches my decor and the other apple products and chargers I have. It does charge slow, but I’m using it on my nightstand just to charge while I’m asleep. I think this slow charge is common for all wireless chargers. The cord is somewhat short but not impossible to accommodate. My only real complain is the phone has to be almost centered perfectly for it to activate charging. Again, this isn’t a deal breaker but sometimes I just toss the phone down there, then realize I’ve got to move it just so. I like that I can leave my phone bumper case on and it still charges. Overall, I am satisfied with this charging pad and I would reccomend.
The fan is a bit noisy for my bedside. Might be bringing the slower charger back into the bedroom and put this one in the living room.
Only in use for a week,  but it’s performing well. The cable is 6 feet, adequate for most locations.  A caveat! The wall wart produces 12 volts.  Don’t put any other USB cable into it and try to charge any other device!  You will likely damage what you are trying to charge. Conversely, don’t plug the cable into any other USB charging wall wart. They only produce 5 volts , not enough to run the charging pad.  Someone complained that it didn’t work when plugged into the computer USB port. Well, duh, that’s a low amp 5V port and it won’t work.  It would be better if the cable was permanently connected to the supplied 12 V device.. My iphone8 is in an Otterbox "Commuter" case, and it works perfectly with a reassuring ding sound from the phone as soon as I place it on the pad.
The design of it is great don’t get me wrong but the product just doesn’t last. Been using it for a few days now. And today it just decided to give out and stop working. Update: they reached out to me and sent a new one still working and charges great!
Charges my iPhone XS quickly without getting too warm. The pad has a fan that kicks in while charging, but its pretty quiet. I keep this on my dresser in my bedroom, and set my iPhone on it before bed, and I dont hear the fan from across the room. You might notice the fan if you put this on a nightstand right by your bed. The pad connects to the AC adapter using a Micro-USB cable, a little retro, but I unplug the pad and use the cable to charge my bluetooth headphones when Im not charging my phone.
Amazing! Quick wireless charging. No issues whatsoever.
The initial power unit I received was defective. The second one also had an issue.  Both items were returned and money promptly funded. In consideration of the difficulties I experienced, Anker management elected to send me another unit on a no charge basis. The charger works perfectly. I have purchased several Anker devices over the years, and have found them to reputable and supportive of their customers. They truly stand behind their products, and will go to extraordinary lengths to help customers revolve problems,
Had issue and they help me fixed it
The charger is so fast and quickly replaced my regular chord. I have a galacy 9+ and its been working so well so far.
Love it !! Anger has some awesome stuff
Works great!
Love it!
Great wireless charger, easy setup, fast charging.
Sometimes it doesnt recognize the PHONE
Charging at its best
I love this charger and it works perfectly and charges my new XS Max quickly. I highly recommend Anker products. I own several of them.
Simple to use and works great.
Easy to use, works as expected
Bought this to keep on my husbands desk and find that I use it as much as he does.  Just lay my phone down as I walk into the office and walk out with a fully charged phone.
I use this charger each night and it charges my iPhone X at the fastest rate. The phone and charger stays cool to the touch. So good that I bought a couple for friends and family. The best wireless charger that I have found by far
Works great!  But a couple of minor things you should know.. 1) There is a small fan in the unit that is audible while charging. Not loud, but noticeable. 2) Seems to only work with the supplied adapter.  The 4 port Anker (PowerPort 4) wont power this. It would be great if it would charge, even at a reduced rate.
Trust Anker to have the best products out there.  I love their stuff.  OK, that said, I will give this product 5 stars since it does everything it says it will do, charges my S9+ quickly, its not picky where I place the phone, it charges through my phone case with no problem and the design is sleek and eloquent.  A typical, wonderful well engineered Anker product.  But...even great products can be improved and one thing that I wish Anker had done was make their charger with the plug prongs offset at one end of the charger so it doesnt impinge on the second outlet or, in my case, cover the USB ports included on my 120Vac outlet.  If the charger were sleeker and the prongs located on one end I would still be able to use the USB ports for charging other devices.  Additionally, I think the USB cable should exit the charger perpendicular to the plug prongs so the cable goes down toward the PowerWave not horizontal so the cable needs to make a 90° bend. Also you should know that other chargers, as well as USB charging ports incorporated in standard outlets WILL NOT WORK with the PowerWave since it requires 12Vdc not 5Vdc like your standard chargers/USB ports.  You must use their charger. Again, I still have to give the product 5 stars since it is the best wireless charger out there, even better that the phone manufacturers.
I purchased this on sale, with a coupon I saw in USA Today.  I am using it with my iPhone X and it works very well.  Fast charging, although I havent tested the time.  It is at least as fast as wired charging if not faster.  The cooling fan is very quiet and hardly noticeable.  It worked with my Apple branded case as well as a Torras and Spigen cases.  I liked it so much, I bought a second one.
I purchased this charger to use with my LG V30 and am pleased to report that it not only triggers fast wireless charging but because of the fan it also keeps temperatures reasonable and fast charges through the entire charge cycle. It takes about 2:40 for a full 0-100% charge which is almost an hour faster than a good 5W Qi charger.
Works very well, and I’m super happy with this charging pad
Easy to use, works with my UAG Monarch case on my iPhone X. Product was place by my bedside, and a soft whirring can be heard when charging. Nothing to complain about as it does not disrupt sleep. The only negative feedback about this product is that it takes some time for the charging sequence to "reset" before it charges again. Couple of times I remove my phone for a few seconds to reply a text,and it does not charge when I replaced it at the same location. Had to remove my phone for around 10s before the PowerWave will recognise it again.
Only downside is the internal fan that starts up whenever the phone is place on top (whether it is fully charged or not). You probably wont notice the noise in most environments since it is pretty quiet, but if you keep this by your bedside like I did to charge the phone at night, it is definitely noticeable in a quiet bedroom. Was loud enough to bother me.
Easy to use works well
Terrific--works perfectly.  Bought two!
Charges through my case with no problems.  Excellent to use while connected to an HDMI adapter
It charges fast and rather quiet.  You can hear a bit of white noise from the fan (I have it on my nightstand to charge at night) but it isnt bothersome.  I highly recommend.  This is my first wireless charger.
I am a huge fan of anker products and i was not disappointed this time too. The powerwave charging pad came with a nice packaging. After putting it to use i was able to charge my galaxy S7 within 2 hrs. With the inbuilt fan i see the phone is heating up very less and also less noise. Love this product.
iT WORKED BEAUTIFULLY, USER FRIENDLY AS IT SHOULD BE, AND AS ADVERTISED. A GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY !
Really love the ease of using the charging dock. Highly recommend it
Loving it so far. Using an iPhone Xs Max and it gets the job done. Appears to be well built and functions perfectly
Works as advertised. Even includes adapter.
I put this on my desk at work as I’m up and down frequently. I love being able to just set my phone down and get a charge and then grab it and go when needed. It even charges my iPhone X faster than the lightning charger it came with. Highly recommend!
This is a great charger but the iPhone XS slides around on it’s surface very easily so be aware of that. When I put it down to charge overnight I almost always find that it has slid out of the “sweet spot” sometime during the night and hasn’t charged. I’m attributing this to slight vibrations by the charger’s fan slowly pushing the phone out of position. After sharing my story with the company, they sent me a version of the charger in the form factor of a phone stand and that works much better. Highly recommend that one for iPhone X/Xs users!
Anker, good charger.
Easy to use
I have always been concerned that the lightning port on any iPhone is the week link for durability. I would connect and disconnect my iPhone from it’s  lightning cable many times per hour. This product has alleviated my concern.  I am so satisfied with the product, I purchased a second one almost immediately. I have one in my home office and one next to my nightstand.  Super easy to use, and the fans are almost completely silent. Phone does not get excessively warm during charge.
This works really great. I havent had any issues. Charges my phone very quickly.
Works great no over heating great work around for the iPhone xs max
Love it
Feels premium, charges rapidly and keeps it cool with the inbuilt fan. Nothing to dislike here, it was a great buy.
Loved this until it randomly stopped working 5 months into owning. UPDATE: Anker quickly emailed me and sent out a new unit for me within a couple days and this one is working without issues. Great customer service, I’m impressed.
It worked fine at first but then broke after a few months.  The company then replaced it after I posted the review so I have updated it to reflect the good customer service response.
Super happy I bought this as it charges my iPhone X pretty quickly and reliably. A sift chime and little blue light let me know Ive placed it correctly and that its charging.
I really like Ankers stuff. Good products. Great customer service!
Works great, fan is quiet. Haven’t had any issues with it.
very good
I was skeptical of this product, but it charges my iPhone 8 well (not quickly but good enough) and is much easier to use than cables.  Bought a second one for my nightstand and a third one for my kid at school.  Very happy with my purchase.
I have a bunch of Anker products and they’ve always exceeded expectations. The PowerWave Wireless Charger worked great for about 5 months then it just stopped working. Not sure if it overheated but it looks like the two marks in the middle of the charger came from underneath. I probably just got a bad unit but it’s disappointing I have to replace it already. Update: 10/14/18 - Anker reached out to me and replaced the charger. The new one is working fine. I appreciate that Anker stands behind their products.
The most effective and reliable Qi charger ive ever used. I can’t say it’s the safest but based on use, my phone or the charger overheats. The only issue is the blue light that lets you know your phone is charging, it’s a bit bright. Anker is the best brand for smartphone charging accessories on the market. I use their charging cables and travel chargers regurlarly.
Works well. Magnetic field could be a touch stronger so that it will charge with a case and finger stand attached
The charger is aesthetically pleasing and the fan is quiet. My only major drawback is that it doesnt seem to charge quite as fast as fast charging with a cable (see images). Due to this, I find myself reaching for the cable more often. Another con is that you have to position your phone quite carefully on the pad, or it wont charge. Other than that, its great quality and beautiful. EDIT: Anker customer service promptly reached out to me and offered to send me the stand model free of charge, this is another example of their stellar customer service and one of the reasons theyre my go-to charging brand.
Wow a must have for your new iPhone max
Great product, works great, and great quality!
Update: Anker contacted me and their wonderful customer service suggested their charging stand might better suit my usage style. They sent one for me to try and they were right. My phone now sits securely and charges fully every time. I would highly recommend the charging stand if you’re not using a case on your phone, or the charging pad if you do have a case on your phone. *********** This unit charges wonderfully... Provided you have a grippy case on your phone. Otherwise the fan vibration causes the phone to vibrate right off the charging pad and off my nightstand!  Thankfully the phone didn’t break, but I’m not pleased at the slick nature of this charger. I’ve been wondering if a thin ring of hot glue might help, but for the price of this unit that seems ridiculous. The fan itself is mostly quiet, but in the bedroom it sounds louder than I’d prefer.
First of all, Anker as a company truly cares about its customer base. They ALWAYS go above and beyond to help you whenever they can. Quality comes first and if they missed the mark, they will try to make it right. I can speak from first hand that this is definitely the case and they definitely pulled through for me. Regarding this device, WOW! Works very well, I ended up purchasing two of them. One for me and one for the lady. Definitely one of the fastest wireless chargers out there and making sure you can by including the proper Quick Charge 3.0 wall charger. So the first rule is ALWAYS use that wall charger that comes with it to ensure proper quick wireless charging. I did try it with both Android and iPhone and each time it properly recognized which speed to charge at (Android notified Quick Charge was enabled 10W vs. Apples 7.5W). Overall, excellent product and definitely feels and looks like a premium product. Way to go Anker and I look forward to more awesome products from you guys in the future.
This is a great charger, it even works through my Otterbox defender series case, which some of the other chargers do not.
Very satisfied. SO convenient.
Update: I got in contact with Anker, and their customer service was above and beyond standard warranty claim. The people at Anker offered to replace my unit at no cost and they even offered to ship me the . I agreed, and I love the build quality and ease of use this new charger has to offer. Overall My experience with Anker has been beyond outstanding. I love the wireless charger it performs similarly to Samsungs Charging products but for far less money. Both the stand and the pad feel premium and reflect that in their overall design. My only glaring issue is that my charging pad arrived broken, but Anker support person Ariel (Ticket#92873910) did a fantastic job. This reason alone YOU SHOULD BUY ANKER PRODUCTS, they have outstanding quality, design, value and customer service. I will not hesitate from purchasing an Anker Charging pad in the future and neither should you. If you want this pad or this stand buy it, you wont find better in this price range or with better support. Unfortunately, this is the first product that I have ever purchased from Anker That hasnt worked. For some reason, the charging pad will not stop blinking blue meaning that the charger or cable isnt delivering enough power to pad. The charging pad feels great, but I imagine that the Micro USB port on the unit is to blame for the faulty connection. I will be asking for a replacement because I love Anker brand products, and after dozens of purchases from them this is the first ever time Ive gotten a faulty product but I am a little disappointed they decided to use the prone to breaking micro USB connection for this product instead of the much more robust USB-C connection. Overall excellent feeling product but I got a broken unit.
**UPDATED** Anker reached out and replaced the broken unit for no cost! This new charger is working perfectly, thanks! I loved the product, it was so nice to find a quality charger, but recently it has been having issues and stopped charging the phones altogether. It seems well made but the one I received didnt last long as all :( Disappointed
Good looking, heavy, almost as fast as iPhone charging with iPod charger
It works great. For some reason the pad started changing colors after use. I don’t know if it’s bc of the heat it generates. It has a fan that turns on, while it is quiet you’ll hear it if you leave your phone charging overnight. Not a big deal just an observation. If not for the spotting I’d give it a 5. Works great.
UPDATE - Anker was super helpful and sent a great replacement! Has stopped working, phone says the charge is connected but the phone doesn’t actually charge when connected
Super long cord which is great. The internal fan keeps the charger and your phone cool. My iPhone 8plus charges very fast and the charge holds for a long time. Would buy again!
Nice long cord, sets up easily, charges quickly!
Really liked this product. Worked great with iPhone 8+, even with case on. However, no longer works less than 2 months later. Now it is a useless piece of junk. UPDATE.... Increased rating from 1 to 4 stars. Anker’s service is amazing (better than any company that I have ever encountered). After writing first review, decided to go to their website and let them know of issue. Not only did they respond immediately and send me a new powerwave without needing to send back the old one, but simultaneously they had reached out to me after reading my Amazon review/complaint. I will also say that the few days without the product let me know how much I love it. I did not think it would be a big difference between putting my iPhone on a charging pad versus plugging it in each night, but it really is so much more convenient. This pad does a great job charging the phone even though I never remove my iPhone case. I did briefly use my Brother-in-laws Samsung charger which gets excellent reviews and Anker’s Powerwave does a much better job. I really like this product but I will say that I like Anker as a company even more and would never hesitate to buy anything from them.
Bought this as our first Anker wireless charger for my wifes new Samsung S9. Anker is my go-to brand for anything charging related so of course bought with confidence. After a couple weeks we noticed that it took the charger a few seconds to a few minutes before charging the phone. Over the next couple days and weeks, it would stop charging all together. We changed outlets, power strips and ended up contacting Customer Service. They are second to none, quick response, diagnosed the possible issue, sent a pre-paid return label and a new unit was at my door in just over a week. The Customer service took the time to contact me every step of the way, good luck getting that from a 3rd party source. The new replacement is in and works like a charm. Recognises the phone as we get closer to putting the phone down, once down instantly charges, and charging is much faster. There was something wrong with the first, Anker recognized that and made it right, cant ask for more than that. Anker will continue to be my go-to brand for electronics.
I liked it because it’s quick easy and no plug into phone!
Comes with everything you need from the start, charges brilliantly quick, and works super easy. Its complained a few times about the small metal plate I have between the case and phone for my cars magnetic mount, but I just have to lift it and place the phone back on the charger with the metal plated side further off, which is a factor of any wireless chargers, and my own choice to deal with it.
Works great!
This product is great. Does exactly what its supposed to do.
This wireless charger works exactly as promised. The only downside is you can’t use it while it’s charging like you can when you plug it in. Overall, it’s great.
Updated review. I had some problems with this model but when I informed Anker they replaced it with another one which works very well. Excellent customer service, You can purchase from them with confidence.
My device died after 4 months use.  It was great while it worked.  When I mentioned here that this happened originally, Anker reached out to me and sent me a brand new device.  Im hoping the original product failure was a fluke but regardless, their customer service is top notch.
This was a replacement for a cheaper Anker charger that didnt work.  I think you need to use the included charging block that does come with this charger.  Looks nice and sleek on my bedside table and its nice not to have to mess with plugging the phone in.
I have a good amount of products from Anker as over the years, they have proven time and time again that they are a reliable company with affordable products. I recently got into wireless charging out of sheer laziness wanting to avoid plugging in all the time, plus I never use my phone while its charging anyway. Quality of this charger is A+ and the material feels excellent. I currently own an iPhone XS MAX and up to the time Im leaving this review, absolutely no problems or defects have been noticed. I highly recommend this wireless charger!
Doesnt charge fast but works in every other way...like that I dont have to plug it in.
Very good best charger I have ever used it doesn’t run too hot if it even does at all and yes an easy placement for charging. This will work through an otter box
I had to take my phone out of it’s case in order to use it but it works great then works good with my iPad
Bought one for my wife when she got a Galaxy S10e. She loves it.
great buy!
I got this so I could stop dealing with the cords all the time it’s good I like that I can just lay my phone down on it when I’m around it and my phone is charging. I dislike the charging speed and also that if you don’t get it on it just right the phone will not charge. But I’m sure that’s more the phone then the charge.
Works wonderfully!
Works great, I use it to charger my galaxy so all the time
I own several Anker products and all of them have been awesome.  I purchased this charger and reviewed it as I was surprisingly dissatisfied with its performance--it charged a bit slow in my opinion. Anker customer service contacted me in a heartbeat and resolved my issue immediately, with a level of care Ive never experienced before from any company. Im extremely impressed with their customer service and will no doubt continue be a Anker customer in the future! Thanks again Anker!
Love it
Fast. Phone doesnt get hot.
This Qi charger works perfectly with my iPhone.  I just put it down on the charging pad and wait for the beep to tell me its charging.  Between this and the charger in my car console, I no longer find that my phone has lost its charge.  Its a great accessory for any phone which features Qi charging.
Sometimes when I place my phone on the charger I have to adjust it a little to the left in order for it to start charging ♂ New review (9-11-2018): Anker is awesome!!! They reached out to me and they are sending me another cool charger comparable to the one I bought. What’s cool about it is I have a few other Anker products, because they thought they were a solid company — now I really think they are awesome because they reached out to me and made me the offer. I’m like, wow  amazing service  I’m changing these stars  to a 5 !!!
Wireless charging is great and the Anker PowerWave does an excellent job of doing it.
Charges as expected. Very quiet. Excellent build quality and attractive. Plan to get more.
This charges the iPhone pretty fast, but my biggest beef is you have to hit the sweet spot just right or it will not charge.  Ive gotten up many a morning and my battery had not charged.  Honestly I would recommend you get the PowerWave Wireless Charging Stand.  Customer service was great as you can see from my add on comment below.  Anker stands behind the product 100%. Update: 9/11/18 Thank your reaching out not only here, but also sending me email.  I am using an iPhone and I have a plastic shell case, so there is no metal at all.  I dont really know why sometimes it would charge and sometimes it wouldnt.  Its like I just had to hit a certain spot for it to charge.  Nonetheless, I do appreciate the offer to send me the Powerwave 7.5 Wireless Charging Stand.  This item was received yesterday and though Ive only used it one time, I find that because you can only put it on the stand a certain way, it always goes into charging mode.  So this solved the issue for me all together.  Because you have solved this issue I will update my review.
worked great for a few weeks and then one day just stopped working for no reason. Edit to add that the company since reached out to me and offered to send me a replacement. Hopefully it was just a bad device and the new one will work just fine. Either way Im impressed with their customer service!
Easy to use, charged my iPhone X quickly
I purchased the charger for my iPhone8 and Apple Watch. It works well and I keep it plugged in at one of the charging spots in my house. I thought it was a going to be a portable power bank which would make it especially useful for the watch, but I’m Happy with the high quality of the materials and the fast charging capabilities, so It is very useful.
The tiny tiny tiny tiny bit loud when charging something it’s the fan though so what are you going to do
It is May 23 and Anker reached out to me regarding the issues i was having with the charger. They were quick to reply and did not hesitate to help come to a solution. Also adding, when it works, the charger works very well. The light is not bright at all and it is dead silent and does not get hot. I ordered two of these at the beginning of March and received them both on March 11. It is now May 18th, so two months later, and one of them has completely stopped working. Bought these because Anker has a good name but they are seemingly impossible to initiate contact with on amazon to try and resolve the issue. For the money I spent, I would have imagined it lasting a little longer than 8 weeks.
I had first bought a cheaper off brand wireless charger similar to this one but it stopped working within one month and when it did work, it was not all night and would wake up to a half charged phone or sometimes none at all.  I just bought this one and have tried it for a couple of days.  This charger works so FAST.  The material of the charging pad sort of "grips" the phone so it doesnt slide around, and has a blue light on top so it shows when it is charging and has a connection.  This is the second Anker product I have bought and once again I am impressed.  I would highly recommend this charger.  I have an iPhone XS Max.  I believe if you have a Samsung, it is even a faster charge.
I have a Otter case on my LG which is unusually thick. While I need to have the center of the phones back on the center of the charger, it works well. Takes a few seconds to initiate. Charges quickly. As described. Would purchase again.
I bought my first wireless charger for my iPhone XR and the charge is super fast! Another great quality product from Anker! Just make sure charger is compatible with your phone before you buy!
Love the convenience of no cord and the speed of charging. Also the Speed of Costumer Service. Very happy with product.
Great product. Easy to use. Charges perfectly. Highly recommend this product.
Fast and super quiet.
Works very well, well constructed. Worth the price.
We have two of these and they work quite well. The blue light turns on when your phone is being charged so it’s easy to tell if you placed it right or not. I’m able to wirelessly charge with this with my phone in a case and with a popsocket on it. Charging speed is decent.
I use it every day,  it meets every expectation Quiet and works great
As with all Anker products I have used it is high quality without the high price
Very fast charger. Doesn’t over heat
Great wireless charger. Works just as well as the big brands- but much less expensive :)
When my charger cord tore, I decided to upgrade to a wireless charger pad. I have a great experience with Anker products and knew I had to go with them. Not disappointed! The product came as advertised. I plugged it in and it worked immediately. I have a Samsung galaxy s7 edge, I just place it on top of the charge pad and it charges just like that. No installation of anything needed. And it charges pretty quick too. There are some reviews here complaining that the charge pad makes a loud whirling fan sound during charging - I strongly disagree! I place this charger by my bed and I never hear a thing. If you put your ear directly next to the charger, yes you can hear a faint whisper of something, but its so soft, you wont be able to hear a thing once u move away. Overall, Im happy with this product and highly recommend it if youre looking to upgrade from the old school charger wires.
Very good quality, charges really fast for Android phones
Anker makes some of the most solid products out there and this is no exception. It is well made, sturdy, and even comes with the cable and plug. One of the concerns with many Qi chargers is they dont charge at the rate they say they do. There is no concern here because this one gets the job done. The LED light is very subtle and definitely not too bright at night in a dark room.
Love this product, no longer constrained by a charging cord!
Im new to wireless charging, but this charger performs as expected. At first my phone kept sliding off of the charger... but I soon realized I needed to use DO NOT DISTURB feature while charging. Otherwise, the most subtle vibrations of  email or messages will cause my phone to fall off the charger! Also be sure to use on flat surface. Update: Anker listens to reviews! The company reached out to me to address the issue I was having with my phone not staying put on this pad. They sent me one of their other products to try, and it is great! Its another wireless charger but its an upright stand rather than a flat pad. The other product works flawlessly! Thanks, Anker, for some great customer service.
As described. Works great and looks good.
[Update 8/17/18]: Anker just reached out to me and offered to replace the Pad with a PowerWave Stand (their other wireless 7.5W charger). I don’t even have to ship the defective Pad back to them. This is what sets Anker apart from the other brands. They stand behind their products 100% and go the extra mile to make sure you’re satisfied. Changed to 4 Stars. I’m a big fan of Anker. I buy all of their products because they are usually high quality and they stand behind them with warranties and hassle-free customer service. That said, I had issues with the PowerWave Pad which were not resolved. The charger actually works pretty well. It charges an iPhone slightly faster than a normal Qi charger at 7.5W. The cooling fan is audible but the white noise it makes isn’t annoying. The micro-usb cable is thick and durable, though a longer, usb-c version would be nice. The rubber pad keeps the phone planted and it even looks nice with its white & gray Apple-like design. So what’s the problem? The first one I received developed weird little marks on the pad after using it for only a day (photo 1) even though my phone is clean and I never got anything dirty near it. I realized that the smudges were actually stains that couldn’t be removed and they got worse the more I used it, so I contacted Anker. They agreed to replace the charger and sent a new one. Free shipping, very pleasant, excellent service. But then the same marks emerged on the new charger almost immediately (photo 2). They told me it was a problem with the material used on the pad being susceptible staining. This is the first time I’ve been let down by an Anker product and it seems to be a design flaw that some other people have experienced too if you look at the reviewer photos. Overall, I’m not happy with the charger and seeing the same problem develop on two chargers is concerning.
These charge our phones quickly, and the ease of not plugging in the phone is really great.  One thing to note: the charger is sensitive to an under-powered outlet, so if you have an outlet that isnt supplying power at the rate that the charger expects, the charger wont operate at all (but will let you know via a blinking blue light, so that was helpful).
Works great worth uncovered phone or with only the first part (hard plastic) of the outerbox, but not with the second rubber covering.  Had to return, wont take cover on and off to charge, lol !  Customer service research out and sent me another one I am using.
Easy to use, fast, and can charge with Lifeproof case on the phone.  Have bought 3 more--one for us and 2 as gifts!
So far so good,  works great.  I like that there is a fan on it this one, compared to my other anker one which can get warm.
Awesome for android or iPhone.  Works great on iPhone X and Samsung S10 Plus.  Samsung obviously charges a bit faster at 10w but the iPhone charges exactly as advertised from Anker.  If you have a lifeproof case get this! Save the caps on your case by not ever opening them again.
Works as you expect
I had this product for months and loved it before it randomly stopped working. Not quite sure the reason, but I contacted customer service for assistance. Tried a couple of different methods, but when nothing seemed to correct it, a replacement was sent without hesitation! I love Anker products and almost never have an issue, but when I do they have always been more than accommodating.
Love it! Looks good on my nightstand and charges really fast!
I love this charging pad! Guess Im kind of lazy since plugging it in wasnt exactly difficult. I just set my phone down (I have a Spigan rubber case, leave it on) on the pad, making sure the blue charging light comes on. You do need to center the phone, more or less. It seems to charge my iPhone XR very quickly. It has a built in cooling fan, which I like since its setting on a wood night stand; its rare that I can actually hear it and it wouldnt bother me if it did - extremely quiet.
Seems to work without problems. The fan is very quiet. Overall good product so far.
Quick charging with no heat buildup in the phone. Would like it to work with car USB port, but this doesn’t appear to be possible.
Product is super easy to use and set up.  Much better quality than some of the other name brand items out on the market.  Have used this for over a year with no issues.  Buy this item with confidence!
Stopped working after 6 months. Customer support reached out to me to make things right. Sending me a new one at no cost. Appreciate the effort.
Charges fast Not support fast busy fast
I have many product by Anker and this one is no different. Top Quality. Works as expected and their customer service is always the best! I have never regretted a purchase from them.
Worked great for a few months and then started charging slower until it stopped charging altogether:/ I have only had this product for 4 months. Edited because customer service reached out and provided excellent customer service! Got me a new unit quickly without hassle! Very impressed!
This pad charger works as advertised I had an issue with mine wasn’t a big deal but Anker reached out to me within the week maybe it was only a day or two to rectify the issue Anker was so responsive fixing the issue I couldn’t believe it I was dealing with Ariel who corresponded with me from the second I had an issue all the way to asking How replacement works and if I was satisfied You just don’t find that kind of Customer service anymore As far as pad charger it’s important to note that with this and all other brands you need to center your phone on the center of the pad Very fast charge The pad offers a more subtle charger than the stand Thanks again Anker
Piece. Of. Junk. It didn’t work, right out of the box. Blue indicator light comes on for maybe 2 seconds then shuts off. On the phone with Amazon tech for 30 minutes and they keep asking me if my outlet is working. Uh, never thought if that.... Do not waste your money. Much better ones on the market. UPDATE: The manufacturer contacted me and replaced the item with a similar product (the wireless. stand charger). THIS one works perfectly. Great customer support.
I had purchased a wireless charger for a suspiciously low price on another web site. It charged fine, but it got my phone super hot. I have a case on my phone. After googling, a suggestion was to remove the case before charging. What kind of benefit is that? Thats more trouble than plugging in a charge cable. This one has a fan. It doesnt heat up my phone. The fan is noiseless. The charge indicator light is tiny. I have it on my bedstand and nothing disturbs my sleep. Im very happy with it.
I am not sure if this is as designed, but when I place the phone on the pad, it often doesnt register.  It seems square on the pad, but often takes a number of tries to begin charging. I can live with it, but its irritating.
Bought this to fast charge my s8+, and it seems to be working great. Even with my Spigen case my phone reports fast charging. However Im concerned with the attached picture. Not sure if its the phone heating up or the charger, but it definitely looks like something is overheating. Even though the device has a fan to keep cool. Anyone have same issue? UPDATE: Anker responded very quickly and provided a new charger. I am using a case and have not seen the same marking from the picture. I now have a Note 9 and the display states "fast charging"
Does what it is supposed to - charge my iPhone 8+
I love how easy this is. Plug it in, drop your iPhone on it, and it does its job. In the morning while you are half asleep, there is no more fumbling with wires. Carefree and easy. Works great.
I’ve been using this for months. Works great on my iPhone!
Works great. I wish the fan were a little quieter, but that comes with the moving of air.
Works as described, it’s nice at work if you want to keep charging your phone and have to keep using it and can pick it up and put it down quickly, however I think the whole wireless charger thing is still very gimmicky, in no way shape or form does this come close to the charging speeds of just using the cord, I use my 12w iPad brick with cord and it’s about twice the speed. (Use with iPhone X) however it does charge faster than the 5W brick that comes with the iPhone and faster than any of the 5W wireless charge pads. But when I need juice fast, I’m plugging in
Anker has once again made a high quality wireless charging pad with a built-in fan. Not only it works well, but it’s certified by apple to charge 7.5 watts for my iPhone X. High recommend it because it charges slightly faster than 5 watts and it does not overheat thanks to the fan.
Worked great, for 2 months, then just stopped working.  No idea why.  Just wouldnt charge either an iPhone or Samsung anymore. Update:  Anker replaced the power adapter free of charge and it seems to be working fine now.
I’ve had this on my bedside table for a few weeks now, and I love it! As long as you get your phone somewhat centered on the charging pad, it connects and charges so fast!! Works through a case (I’m using a speck one) The fan is really quiet, which doesn’t matter but is nice.
Like it’s ease of use
No complaints about this charger except that with my iPhone XS Max it keeps tipping the charger base over and therefore stops charging unless I am absolutely accurate with my phone placement on the charging pad.  I wonder if it might have to do with how long the iPhone XS Max is and how narrow the bottom of this Anker charging base is compared to its top surface?
Ive bought 6 of these for around the house and for family members, I love the connivence.
Awesome Charger, charges my iPhone XR really fast. just wish it was a little heavier so it move around as much.
UPDATE: The customer support contacted me very quickly after this review was submitted! What a great company to stand behind their products. The rep ended up resolving my issue with no hesitation! Original Review: The quick charge power brick stopped working after 5 months of regular use. At first, I thought it was the entire kit but then I plugged in my original iPhone charging brick, the charging pad gave me signal lights showing it needs more power. It worked very well for the times that it was alive. However, I just wished anker would have better quality control on their products.
Update 3/23/19: Anker customer service reached out and offered a product replacement. I was not expecting this at all. It is well appreciated and I will see if this replacement works well over the next few weeks. Product is great but seems something is going wrong. The 3 spots that you can see have appeared and are getting darker. The charger seems to be overheating even thought the fan turns on. I m afraid my phone may have issues going forward if I continue to use.
Ive used this charger for a week now on my Galaxy S10+. It connects perfectly through my case. The fan is super quiet, I dont even know when it turns on. The two negatives are: the blue light on the plug lights up my room, so Ive but electrical take on it to tone it down, and this charger does NOT charge my Samsung galaxy watch. I would recommend this product.
worth
Good product, the charging time on iphone x is no less than 4hs.
I didnt realize these things made noise at all, but mine make a very soft fan sound. the issue for me is that the phone has to be placed rather precisely on the pad for the connection to be made. still better than having that cord dangling!
UPDATE: Apparently the original charger I received was defective. Anker sent me a replacement and its working perfectly. Great customer service! Original review: The product works alright but I have to adjust my phone to sit on disk in the perfect position in order for it to charge. I just dont find this product to be worth the price I paid for it. I have another wireless charger that I paid half as much for that charges my S8 as long as I put it down on the middle of the charging pad without having to adjust it much.
7/31/18: I love Anker Products. I recently switched out all of my charging cables for their ultra flexible double-braided nylon and all of my ac adapters to the Anker-branded product, but this device needs some improvement. I am not happy with the fan that I can hear at night while sleeping. I keep my phone next to my bed as I am an IT consultant and need to be ready to answer client calls in the middle of the night. Thus, I need a charging mechanism that is quiet, but efficient. This is not that. The unit works and charges my iPhone X, but the fan noise is making re-consider replacing this for something else. 8/1/18: I am changing my rating from 3 to 5, not because the product itself, but because of Ankers top notch customer service. I contacted Anker through their website directly and within 24 hours, Ariel got back to me. She was attentive, responsive and dedicated in finding the best solution to my problem. They are sending me a different product, the charging stand to see if this resolves my issue. They have a customer for life.
I purchased this after returning a cheap but highly-rated wireless charger that was pure garbage. I hesitated a bit bc the price was more than I guessed they might be, but considering that it had genuinely good reviews and included an excellent wall adapter, I ordered it and havent looked back. The LED charge indicator is clear but not distracting, the cooling fan is perceptible yet nearly silent, somehow reassuring to know that its not being internally thermally limited. Phone indicates "Fast wireless charging," this charger charges faster than OEM Samsung charger and easily charges to 100% even when streaming music and with bright screen turned on. The cord is thicker than cheapie cords yet very flexible and includes a velcro loop to wrap excess cord. The cord-to-charger input receptacle is recessed a bit, which makes for a more compact unit and seems less prone to damage than simply plugging into an external receptacle. The workmanship is excellent and their design and build pride is easily manifest. Get this one and dont look back!
I have an armor case for my iphone 8plus and even through all of the thinkness it charges really well. The cooling fan makes it look a bit thick from aesthetics point of view but given the fact that this is toll a relatively a newer gadget I’m content with it. I’m a big time Anker’s products fan and they have not disappointed yet. Review written at 1 month of usage.
Fast and quiet
It works really well in terms of charging performance as advertised, but the device has an annoying fan that kicks in whenever you try to charge something that makes a high pitched noise. I know there are other fast wireless chargers out there that are passively cooled for a better price, so if you are annoyed by fan noise like I am, then I would look elsewhere. Edit: Even though the original product did have the problem I stated above, Anker has a wonderful support team that earned them another star. They reached out to me about my problem, even after the 30-day return policy was over, and sent me a completely new charger free of charge, just to satisfy my discontent.
This is the first wireless charging units that I have purchased. Everything works great, but I didnt think of the scosche magnet interfering with the charging. Easily solved by removing the case (that has the magnet attached).
Worked perfectly with my iPhone X.
Fast charging station for our iPhone Xs. Exactly as advertised. Very quick.
My original wireless charger stopped working. It was a cheap $10 charger, so I thought it just died. I ordered another kind. It didn’t work, so had them replace it. Second one didn’t work, so I got a refund. I then ordered this Anker, good brand I am familiar with. Even got the one with their own wall charger. You guessed it, no workey out of the box. Thinking I was just cursed, I found their CS number and called. The rep went through all the questions about wall adapter and case then asked what phone I had. When I said it was an iPhone X, she said they had found that a restart sometimes fixed the issue. I was skeptical, but what did I have to lose. Sure enough, after the restart the Anker works and so does the original cheapie charger. I have no idea how the iPhone X can forget how to charge wirelessly, but apparently it can. Hope this info helps someone else not have to go through what I did.
Works good. Doesnt overheat and charges quick. Long cord. Comes with quick charge adapter. Very convenient. Didnt realize how much I needed this but Its great.
It charge my iPhone well and the fan is not that audible. However, despite the item description that says there are no LED indicators on the AC adapter there is actually a green bright one. So the bedroom is green tinged overnight so its not really convenient for nighttime use. When I contacted Anker about this, their reply was to send a video of the problem, then send the item back, then if the problem is confirmed I will get a replacement. Not a friendly helpful way to solve a problem that should not be there in the first place on a new item. Update: Anker support contacted me and sent me a unit with no green light on the charger. Very happy with Anker support and the item now! Will definitely purchase Anker products in the future. Thanks!
Bought this in December 2018 and no longer works as of March 2019. Terrible quality. I would expect it to last longer than 3 months. Would not recommend. Update: Since posting this review, Anker reached out to me and sent me a replacement. The replacement works but we will have to see if it last longer than the original. I am updating me rating to 4 stars due to pro activeness of their customer service.
Pros: - Built in fan to prevent overheating. - Clean looks. - Easy cable management. Natural: - Small indicator light that might be too bright or not bright enough depending. - Fan sound might be bothersome to some. - Wall plug is bigger than youd think. Might make it harder to use depending on your setup. Cons: - Non-slip base is very slippery. - Hard to find the sweet spot for charging. - White color makes "case burn in" noticeable. Ever since I bought my first Anker product years ago Ive been blown away by their build quality and ability for their products to do what they say they will. Plus it never hurts that they price their products competitively. So when I finally upgraded to the iPhone XS Max in December of 2018 it was a no-brainer for me to buy this wireless charger. Packaging and setup was the quick and easy process Ive come to know from Anker. I put this charger on top of my IKEA nightstand. But thats when I started to notice the two big issues with it. First, it moves. It moves when I grab my phone a certain way off of it. It moves when my cat decides he needs to test gravity with my phone and this charger. The second issue is finding the sweet spot to get my phone charging. At night I often place my phone on it without looking and then need to pick it up and put it down until I hit the spot. Sometimes I look at where Im placing my phone and think I have it only for nothing to happen. Its not a major issue by any means, and frankly I have considered that it may just be user error. But it has gotten to the point with both of these issues that Im considering 3D printing something to put under the charger to fix these issues.
First off let me say I love Anker! This charging pad is great, when it works. The issue comes from it being domed shaped. If you don’t put your phone directly in the center, it tends to slide off and stops charging. The build quilality is excellent, and the fan is a nice feature. I also own the stand version of this with the fan, and I highly reccommend that over the flat one. Still debating if I want to return this or not. Update: Anker reached out to me and offered to refund my money. I decided to keep the unit and they still inisisted on refunding at least part of the price I paid. Anker truly cares about their customers and is top notched. Again this u it is amazing as long as you find the “sweet spot” to charge on.
I loved this charger, charged fast, and a small blue indicator light to display its charging. However, I ended up returning it, the fan, I dislike. There are people who can hear it and others that cant. Its audible to me within a 5ft radius. It could easily be lessened by allowing a fan curve while in operation. Increasing rpm the closer it gets to the temperature threshold. Then drops the fast charging once the phone hits 100% to trickle charge to have the fan off. Or have a more aggressive fan blade with a lower rpm. Overall its great, easy to setup and easy to use. It comes down to personal preference, whether hearing a quiet fan whirr is annoying to you or not while going to sleep.
I had originally reviewed this product and rated it one star due to a defective unit. However, after contacting Anker, they guided me through some troubleshooting steps and it was determined that the unit was defective. Within hours of determining it was defective, they placed an order for a new unit and it was shipped the next day. Since receiving the new unit I have had no issues. Anker customer service is outstanding and because of this I changed my review and I’m now giving them a 5 stars. Great customer service and an exception warranty. Highly recommend this product and Anker products
SO I have this products for a few months now, and I have to say, this unit is not worth it at any cost, let alone $31 that I paid for. Why ? Because the point of a wireless charger is convenient, instead of having to plug it, you just put the phone on top of the pad and it should charge. However this is not the case for my iPhone X. I have to put the phone at the exact spot on this pad for it to work. Even then I have to take time and look at it and the phone, to verify that it is working. So many times I have put the middle of the phone in the middle of the pad only to find out next morning it was not charging at all. Recently I have to move the phone around until it start charging. It actually takes more time to put the phone on the pad, then adjust it, then double check it to make sure it is charging than just plug the freaking phone to the lightning charger. Also the charging speed is slower than wired charging. But I couldve forgive that if the unit work as it should: aka as long as the phone is on top of the pad it should charge *Update 1: Right after this review, the next day Anker contacted me asking if I would like a replacement and my shipping address. I have replied to them and provided the shipping address. Id see how this one play out and update after i get the replacement. For now I added back 1 star make it 2 because of their customer service reaching out to make sure their customer satisfy. *Update 2: They sent me a replacement product which is a stand variation of this one. The stand variation works much better than this pad and is how it should be. Im uping to 3 star to "okay" because of Anker outstanding customer service. I also recommend the stand version instead of this pad version. If I bought the stand version in the first place, that one would probably get a 5 stars ! *Edit 3: Im upping to 4 stars and changed the title because the replacement has been working very well.
Amazing product!!! Thank you so much!!
Works great - just as advertised!  Be aware that you need to use the included plug block - a USB wall-plug will not work.  I have a leather Apple case on my iPhone 8, and it charges through the case just fine.
Exactly as described.  I found the reviews very helpful in making my decision to purchase this item.
Update from my previous review - folks at Sanket reached out to me and offered to send a free replacement. This was a pleasant surprise and I have waited a week/ten days to yes out the product to ensure the same problem doesn’t repeat itself. Happy to report that I am completely satisfied with the charger and really like it! Really pleased with Anker’s Customer care service. ..…...... I liked the product when I bought it.. was super easy to use and get started. No issues charging my iPhone X and no problems in placing the phone in a certain way on it. No noise or light issues. Liked the product! Unfortunately for me - the product barely lasted a week and suddenly stopped charging. I hope that my case is a one off and not a wide scale issue. I wish it had lasted - I would have bought another one for my wife for sure! I hope the folks at Anker would look into this problem. Had to give it 1 star since I expect things like this to last when you pay 40 bucks for it.
The fan while quiet you still do hear but its like white noise.  My LG v30 does go into fast charge mode but as others have said, its not going to replace a wired charger.  With a  artery at 50% a d using ampere it shows areound 500 mA while using the same wall charger but using the wired connection I get about 1050 mA.  My Omars charger consistently gives me higher output.  I t hink a lot has to do with placement.  Because the Omars is smaller, you tend to center it better as its about the same width as the phone.  The anker is much bigger but because of this if its not centered it doesnt output as much and u need to lift off and reset it.
Works well. Not true fast charging but works well
Perfect for my needs! Can definitely hear the fan, but its not loud by any stretch of the imagination. It serves more as white noise for me, so its fine by my nightstand. Cant hear it from opposite side of a queen bed unless youre actively listening for it. If youre extremely sensitive to sound, would recommend placing it somewhere else!
Works well and has a high quality build to it. Ive bought tanker products in the past and this one doesnt dissapoint. Would order again If i decided to get one for my wife 
i stick my phone on this every night before i go to sleep and it works great... only had an issue once, woke up with a dead phone cause it wasnt situated on the pad correctly.  as long as your careful how you place your phone on it you shouldnt have any issues.
Unlike the Belkin Qi charger we bought at the same time, this Anker charger can charge through a pop socket! And the packaging is beautiful!
I love this wireless charger. It charges so fast!
Love this charger. Works with my thicker case. It’s pretty quiet (fan makes slight hum but isn’t annoying). That said, I love the company more. Had an issue and was sent a replacement in 2 days without hassle. Customer service like this is rare these days. I’ll be looking for this brand name when purchasing other items in the future.
Does what I want. Charges fast. Had dark spots form in the white charger surface. Their customer service was amazing. Sent me a new black one. It also works great!
This charger works great for my LG V30. It is a fast charger but does not charge as fast as the original wired charger. Still satisfied with it
Pad is white and so it shows dirt quickly. Otherwise fine.
I bought a white charging pad and now Ive noticed that its changing color and there are gray spots appearing on it! At first I thought maybe its dirty but then I realize its a discoloration. I guess the heat causes that. Still works, cosmetically does not look appealing. CS contacted me and immediately sent me a replacement device which shows dedication from their part! Im using the replacement and so far I have had no issues, but will update again!
I got it for my iPhone X and I love it! It charges super quick!
Great for family charging
You need to be a bit careful how you place your phone, its easy to set your phone on it in a way that wont activate the charger. The blue led will only light up if the phone is charging, which is helpful. The internal fan is audible, but isnt loud, but might annoy you if it is placed close to your ears.
Best wireless charger I have used. The fan on this things cools it very well so your phone doesnt even get a little warm. It charges through pretty thick cases as well.
This wireless charging pad does a great job of recharging my iPhone. I just set my phone on the pad. A small blue circle light comes on to confirm the connection has been made and charging starts.
You have to reposition the phone alot at times, it does charge fast.
Amazing! Am I the last person to find out how great this charger pad is? I was worried because I have my iPhone in an Otter Defender case, but when I lowered my iPhone onto the pad it came on before the phone made contact. Charging time is the same as fumbling with the Apple charge cord and SO much easier. The built-in fan keeps it cool. Im buying a couple of  more for friends, from Amazon of course.
Have been using this for a few months now and have no complaints. Charges the phone fairly quickly.
Arrived quickly, no signs of damage. Charger did not charge iPhone X well (or 8), even without a case on. No matter how much you move it around, there wasn’t a “sweet spot.”  I bought this because I have several anker cables and a diff style wireless charger that I keep at work ( which works just fine). Seller reached out quickly after posting review of nonfunctioning charger to offer a replacement. Received this a week after getting my original one, have had NO problems with new charger- works well and charges my iPhone  X quickly, very happy with customer service and their responsiveness.
very nice charger, the fan is a great feature, as is the white color, charges quickly as advertised
Excellent charging pad. We use it for androids and iPhones, this charges much faster than the one we had previously and doesnt need precise placement to work.
works and fast
Rapid charger for my S8+
Charges the phone with no problems. Comes with a long cord which is nice.
Anker never disappoints me! Perfect for my desk to quickly charge my phone in between errands.
it works great
Bought this as a gift for my husband, who has been using it daily since our purchase.  He likes not having to plug his phone in and having the Anker PowerWave in a more convenient location.  He is no longer racing us for a spot to plug in our devices.  Happy with our purchase.
To set the record straight, this is obviously a brand-name product made by Anker.  PowerWave 7.5 pad, 7.5W Fast Wireless charger.  Whoever complains about the noise or the bright light is reviewing some other product.  There is so little noise, you have to put your ear down to within 4" to even year it.  The light is a tiny blue circle that you hardly notice - I have to put my hand over it and squint to tell if its blue or not.  It charges my LG G7 ThinQ much faster than I thought it would.  Went from 34% to 100% in about an hour.  That is nearly as fast as directly plugging in to the charging unit that came with my phone.  Not "fast charging," on my phones screen like when its directly plugged in, but also no warning about the phone charging slow because it might not be plugged in correctly or whatever.  Seems to be somewhere in between.  TOTALLY satisfied.  Packed beautifully, shipped quickly, restored my faith in Amazon sellers.  I usually stick to "sold by Amazon" products, but the reviews for this seller were excellent, so I decided to take a chance.  I have no doubt they would help me out if there had been a problem out of the box.
Worked great on vacation.  It charged fast enough to keep 2 phones charged with regular use with no problems.
It is a very easy charger to use, it chargest my iPhone X in its case very fast. Love it!
In noticed this charger hums while charging the phone. It may be a factor for light sleepers at night when it sits near your ear on the nightstand. My recommendation is to use a longer USB cable so you have flexibility to place it in a convenient location. Update: Anker customer service was superb and addressing this issue. They were in contact promptly and tried everything to satisfy my issues with the product. Hats off to them. Update #2: Once again Anker customers service exceeded expectations by keeping in contact and working hard to make sure their products are of the highest standard. This has left me very impressed with the company. I can vouch based on other orders placed with them that their products are high quality at reasonable prices.
UPDATE II: After working with the folks at Anker (very helpful, by the way), it turns out the problem was not with the unit but the pitch of my nightstand, which slightly shifted downward. That resulted in a shifting phone at night (with the slightest of buzz from the units cooling fan). Im certain my experience is unique in this regard and I would not be concerned about a shifting phone if you are considering this unit. The unit charges the phone rapidly and there is PLENTY of room for my iPhone 8 Plus. The small blue charging light is super helpful to confirm an active charge while not being too bright or intrusive. The device is not cheap, but is certainly worth the price. If you are looking for a high quality premium wireless charger, just order this one. You will not be sorry. UPDATE: I think perhaps my unit was or is defective. Less than a day after submitting my review and pointing out some problems with the unit, I received a message from Anker offering to help fix the situation. The bottom line is the unit might have an issue, but Anker has been very responsive to fixing the problem. Not a lot of companies provide this level of service, so despite the issue I had with the product, I would not be worried about ordering if I were you---if there is a problem, Anker will take care of it. I really wanted to love this charger. It received a lot of hype prior to release. Unfortunately, is has a major flaw if you dont use a case or you use a minimal bumper style case. Turns out there is a little fan or cooling mechanism that produces a very slight vibration. I own an iPhone 8 Plus. I dont use a case. Well, over the course of an hour, that little vibration slowly pushes the phone off the charging surface, resulting in an uncharged phone the next morning. Now, when I slap a normal, Apple made leather case? Works fine and as intended. In fact, if you use a case, this is a terrific charger; unfortunately, it  just does not work if you keep your phone "naked." I feel this is a major design flaw and am unsure how it was overlooked.
I am extremely happy with this Anker Power Wave wireless charger. Like some others out there I also use a magnetic charger mount in my car. These magnetic chargers come with a thin metal alloy ring which you install between your phone and its case to allow the magnetic charger mount to grab the phone better (not one of those silly finger rings people stick on the back of their phones).  In my case Im using a Galaxy S7 with a Trianium case (about 2mm thick). The problem is that the metal ring will often interfere with other non-magnetic wireless charging pads causing them to heat up or not charge at all.  I tried a couple of other cheap charging pads and they got really hot or just wouldnt charge. The thing I like about this Anker charging pad is that it charges my phone (with the case and metal ring) without problems and doesnt get hot. The cooling fan is a big help here. They make a number of upright wireless chargers with cooling fans, but to my knowledge this is the only flat charging pad that has a fan which is what I wanted for my bedside.  There is a small blue LED that lights when charging, but it is not nearly bright enough to disturb sleep.  And to top things off it looks really cool.  Thank you Anker for making this product. You really made my day.
Works as it should be. No hassle charging. Comes with a short cable, so if the outlet is a little far from where you want to place it, best to have a longer premium micro USB cable.
Sturdy with a small firm factor, no issues with charging and phone placement on the pad, no bright annoying LEDs so perfect for bedroom, iPhone X charges fast.  Unit comes with usb 3.0 wall plug so no need to purchase separately.  Phone charged in about 1.5 hours from total dead battery
Prefect especially now with my iPhone 8 Plus
Love this charger for charging my iPhone X. Charges my phone really fast. It is stylish and very well made. A little pricey but you only get what you paid for. All Anker products are excellent. Highly recommended!
First time using wireless charging besides my Apple Watch and love this thing, charges very fast
I can hands down say that 100% of the time Anker always provides the highest quality product and thats why they always receive 100% of my business when it comes to cell phone accessories. I ordered the PowerWave 7.5 Pad which can charge the Iphone 8/X at 7.5W and Samsung Devices at 10W. Best Features- The PowerWave has a really nice feel to it, it has a grippy rubber top and bottom so your phone doesnt slide off and the pad doesnt slide off the table. There is a small blue LED at the 9 oclock position of the pad that isnt too bright or too annoying but is nice to have because it is reassuring that your device is charging, which is another major plus about this, as long as your phone is on the pad it seems to charge, not always the case with the competitors. I wish the PowerWave was USB-C but I understand that Anker is trying to keep cost down by making it mini-usb and Im okay with that, I do wish the mini usb cord was a little longer than the one provided but still adequate. The device also includes a Qualcomm 3 wall brick that has to be used exclusively with the PowerWave as a Samsung AFC charger will not work at all with this.
I awaited the release of this wireless charger from Anker before purchasing it. It does mostly meet my expectations, but it does have a few problems: - The cord is too short (as others have mentioned). This ideally should have came with a 6 ft. USB cable. I would rather have the same quality Anker cable than putting my new charger on a possibly cheaper USB cable just so it will reach. - Its fan noise is noticeable, either on a night stand by your bed or at a workstation at work. It is very slight and some may not care, but its a very faint white noise. The reason I awaited this charger was for the cooling fan to increase battery longevity on my phone, so it is a trade-off and not necessarily a deal breaker. However, Ive decided to not have it next to me while sleeping.
This is the first wireless charger I have used.  Its super convenient and does not overheat like I have read with many others.  It does not charge my phone quite as fast as the wired plug.  I have not experienced any issues with it yet.  So far, I like it a lot.
I’m a bit obsessed with keeping my battery topped off so whenever there’s an opportunity to charge my phone I take it. The PowerWave charges FAST. I like the look and feel of this charging pad over my old one. This one is rounded and almost looks like a round bed for my phone. The old charger was plastic and flat and looked like a coaster. BORING! My only gripe is the power cord seems way too short.
As I have read some reviews about wireless charging with an OtterBox Defender case working for some, I found that mine has problems doing so for both my iPhone X and Note 8. It only works if I have it exactly the right spot. Nudge it a little and it wont charge at all. Update: I decided to give the charger another go at a different location. First time I had it on my truck and was totally disappointed at how it didn’t work with my OtterBox Defender cases on my phones. Indoors it seem to connect faster and stay charging so I am keeping it and changing my one star to four. It would be a five but I need to be able to have a positive experience with it everywhere and anywhere I take it.
Works flawlessly,even with magnetic-mount wireless charging-compatible cases.  Unlike the Stand version of the PowerWave, the Pad version works absolutely fine with cases that are designed for magnetic mounting while still allowing wireless charging, like those from Pitaka and Evutec. The fan isnt unpleasant or loud, however with the pad on my nightstand by my bed, I am able to hear it at night.  I view that as just white noise. I cant comment on the charge speed because Im asleep, lol.
Design is nice, LED light is very subtle and doesnt bother at night time when lights are off. Charges very quick my S9+ but it has a flaw that should not be allowed in 2018... Its still using micro USB. This means that of for some reason it falls from my night stand, cable is gonna get damaged... USB C would have been a better choice, but overall, a great quality Anker product that I would buy again!
Another amazing product by Anker. This works flawlessly and is very well constructed.
sleek styling, includes USB cord, charging pad, and AC adapter. works as advertised, charges my iPhone 8 Plus through a Caseology case and does so (slightly) more quickly than the original Apple 5W charger and lightning cable.
Another well put together product by anker that charges faster than previous versions and looks nice.  One downside is that you can hear the fan when a room is quiet.  The fan is about 40db (a whisper) when your phone is on the pad.  This is a little more noticeable than expected and sounds similar to a quiet white noise machine.  Despite the fan noise this is still a quality product and would recommend.  I use this for an iPhone 8+ and it works flawlessly every time.
Love that it comes with the QC 3 adapter to take advantage of 7.5W / 10W fast charge, depending on your phone.  Looks good, if you want white/light color.  No dark/black option.  LED status light does not turn off while charging. The fan is a nice touch.  iPhone 8 in medium case and iPhone X in minimal case were only slightly warm.  It does make noise though.  Similar in noise level and sound to a small laptop or Surface tablet.  This is the biggest gripe I have with it.  That said, it’s perfect for the living room.  Wouldn’t recommend for a nightstand.  Would buy again.
Works great, just love this product
I received a defective product and the initial Anker customer service rep I dealt with wasnt very knowledgeable or helpful. Shocking for me since my experience with Anker customer-service has always been stellar. However, Anker has since gone above and beyond to make sure I have a good experience with their product and company by reachinhg out to me and quickly getting me a replacement. This really separates them from other sellers and brands on Amazon. In terms of the product -- now that we have a functioning unit -- weve been pleased with it.  It charges quickly and the fan does not make a lot of noise.  I wouldnt recommend keeping it by the bed, but its okay for all the other rooms. The product is oversized (compared to another wireless charger I have), so I find it easier to find the sweet spot on the device where the phone will charge. One tiny, and I mean ultra-tiny, criticism is that Anker includes a black cable tie with their all-white product.  No points deducted for this since most companies dont even include a velcro-type cable tie with their items.  However, I know that Anker reads their reviews zealously, so I recommend matching the cable tie color to the cable color.
Worked for a few days and then stopped working. Tried it with different wireless charging enabled phones and different wall outlets, etc. - all to no avail. Update : Anker quickly rectified by sending me a new functioning unit. Thank you for your customer service!
UPDATE: Great customer service. It has been less than 24 hours, and Anker is already shipping me a new unit. I will update the rating as soon as I receive it. Initially, I was happy with this product. However, after two days of use the product stop working. It doesnt charge my S8+ or my friends iPhone X. Also, the fan was a little loud, so maybe this has something to do with it. Now, I have an expensive brick.
Anker consistently makes sturdy and trouble free products. I search for Anker when I need cell phone stuff like chargers, cables and battery packs. This Powerwave wireless charging pad cames with their fast charger included!
Good product
Only one day of use...but seems to be awesome.....so far I love it...!
Honest review.  Very lightweight,  the fan does help with charging speed.  The fan does NOT cool down the phone during charging though,  the charging pad stays cool but the phone still hits 95-100 degrees easy (used a temp gun) just like the Apple approved chargers (Mophie).  If you want a wireless charging pad this is a great pad, just dont expect the phone to run any cooler than the other pads.
Ive come to really love Ankers line of products - chargers, portable power blocks, etc.  Theyre always well-constructed and the PowerWave is no different.  I was extremely pleased to see that it included the charging block & cable with the pad as well, since a lot of similar products neglect to include them.  Super easy to align my iPhone X on the pad with the coils and the cooling fan is barely noticeable unless youre really trying to hear it.  I would love to see it in black, but for now the white color helps keep my charging pad separate from my roommates!
Really looking forward to this. Really nice white look, plenty of size. The fan IS noticeable from within a foot or so away on my nightstand, HOWEVER, I have a fan running in my bedroom anyways so I can’t hear it. The fan noise is a moot point and i understand why it is installed. Worth it. I did want the upright charger but this seems more practical for travel. Read a ton of reviews prior about the 3 foot cord. No problem for me with where I have it plugged in but the promotion to get the 6 foot cord for free is really classy and appreciated. I’m positive that will come in handy. The only thing I’d change would be a some sort of travel case for the pad. Does Anker have these available? Otherwise, well done.
Fast, convenient and quiet. Yes it has a cooling fan, no you cant hear it. I keep this on my night stand. It stays cool but you dont even hear the fan running. Worth the money.
I love this device.  It does exactly what it says it will and does it well.  I just set my phone on top of the charger and it charges quickly, without removing my protective case or any fuss and bother.  As a bonus, the charger looks good.  Yes, its an additional cost, since the phone comes with a charger.  And its possible that a wired charger would charge the phone faster (I havent checked and see no reason to), but since I charge the phone overnight, any difference in charging time is meaningless.  Because I use my phone all the time and in adverse conditions (including while fishing, both in drift boats and while wading), I keep the phone in a shock-resistant, waterproof case.  Not having to open the closure over the charging port (which, over time, can impair the waterproof integrity of the case) to charge the phone is a meaningful benefit.  And I like the ease and convenience.  For me, a wireless charger is a great benefit and the Anker PowerWave 7.5 (like every Anker product Ive used) does an excellent job.
This base is larger then most on the market.  Meaning just placing the device on the base means it’ll start charging.  Other bases require you to find the sweet spot to make the connection to start charging.  It does charge faster then other bases.  My device immediately flashed a display that said “wireless fast charging connected. “ When connecting to my other base it says, “wireless charging connected.” It also has a built in fan to help keep things cool.  The fan only runs while a device is charging or detected and is whisper quiet.  If the device is one the base for an extended period of time, it will still be warm to the touch.  Not burning hot, but warm.  Honestly, I did not expect this, because of the fan.  But I did notice that charging stops when the device reaches 100%.  However the fan will continue to run as long as the device is detected.
Was working but then had problem. Sometimes work and then some times doesnt. When it does work, the fan is loud. Update: New one works fine and quiet.
Quality packaging, bulid, and the right specifications. Priced very well too. Will buy more for sure.
Works FLAWLESSLY on my iPhone X through my otter box symmetry case. The integrated cooling fan is brilliant and nearly silent. LOVE that this includes the charging pad, the cable, AND the power block!!! Why doesnt everyone else do this?
This is amazing, and even better I managed to get one at a lower price and before they were even released. I assume a review model made its way here for sale. Either way, I’m completely satisfied, it’s fast and looks great. The fan is a nice touch as well and is fairly quiet. The included charger is a nice touch too. The rubber top and bottom feels sturdy and keeps the phone in place. Not sure about the indicator light, the phone lights up and dings when it’s charging so I don’t really need the light, however it doesn’t bother me even being next to the bed. I have used Anker chargers, wires, batteries and other accessories over the years and they never disappoint. I highly recommend this charger. By the way I’m using this with an iPhone X.
This is my first ever Anker product and I was quite interested in getting a wireless charging pad for my iPhone X.  Noting this product just came out on the market, I took quick advantage to buy this because it operates on the 7.5W standard for iPhones, which is the same as the two 3rd party products Apple is pushing to operate on the 7.5W standard, but this Anker version costs less and does the same job. Contents of the box: White Anker charging pad, 3 foot micro USB cable (a thick and high quality cable), and a Quick Charge 3.0 power adapter.  I appreciate Anker providing the power adapter, because with other Anker products, its not included.  Setting it up was super easy with just connecting the USB cable ends to the wall charger and pad, and plugging it into an outlet; three feet of micro USB cable (the same length as the your iPhone lightning cable)  is just enough for me, as my outlets are connected to a surge strip on the floor. What I have: iPhone X with an Otterbox defender.  Even with the infamous thick defender case, it can still charge.  Once the phone makes proper contact with the pad, your phone will respond its charging, and a LED blue light on the pad will glow.  Just to note, the blue light is easy enough to see in bright light, and wont make your entire room light up in blue colors in the dark. The unique quirk from this charging pad is the fan on the bottom.  Since wireless charging can get warm and would force the product to slow down, the fan helps keep the charger coils cool and thus charge your iPhone quicker.  The fan is very quiet, although for those of you who charge your phone next to your bed, it might be bothersome. The only weakness is the 7.5W standard (its not Ankers fault, its Apples protocol).  If you want to charge your iPhone faster, get at least a 12W wall adapter and plug in your iPhone the old fashioned way with a lightning cable.  You should get a wireless charger if you want the ease of never plugging in and unplugging your iPhone on a regular basis.
This is my first wireless charger so I cant compare this model to anything else. It charges my Samsung S8 phone ( with the official flip case on ) without any issue. My only complaint is that I wish they provided a longer micro usb cable to go with the charger.
Following are my initial thoughts after using the Anker PowerWave 7.5 Pad with Quick Charge 3.0 AC Adapter Included, 7.5W Fast Wireless Charger, for approximately 2 weeks: Packaging - The Charging Pad, AC Adapter, and PowerLine MicroUSB cable arrived securely packaged with warranty/contact information and clear instructions as Ive come to expect from Anker. PowerWave 7.5 Pad - Multi-Function Charger, capable of charging many different Qi Certified Devices, 5W, 7.5W and 10W Devices when paired with a QC 3.0 AC Adapter.  Internal cooling fan to ensure devices charge safely without the worry of overheating, charing at their max speed from 0 to 100%.  Anti-Slip Surface with integrated charging led to indicate the current status of the charger.  Anker states that the charger is capable of charging through cases up to 5mm thick. Quick Charge 3.0 AC Wall Charger - Foldable plug, compact size, 18W QC 3.0 Charger.  Backward-compatible with all versions of Qualcomm Quick Charge technology (1.0, 2.0 & 3.0). Also charges non–Quick Charge devices at up to 2.4A.  Exclusive Anker technology provides surge protection, temperature control, and more advanced safety features, keeping you and your devices safe. The Cable - Anker PowerLine Cables are by far one of the best cables that I have ever used in my experience. Their amazing/competitive pricing in no way reflects the quality feel of their line of cables. I have not received a single charging not supported or similar error with any of my Anker PowerLine cables. Only time will tell how the cord holds up to repeated connects/disconnects and bends but Anker states they have tested the durability with a 5000+ bend lifespan test and included reinforced stress points, built with bulletproof aramid fiber so I have no doubt that these will hold up. Cord Wrap - Velcro cord wrap is included to help keep your 3ft cable manageable. Warranty - 18 Months - Anker Customer Support will stand behind the product for a full 18 months. Cons - Absolutely none in my experience. All in all, I love the Anker PowerWave 7.5 Pad with Quick Charge 3.0 AC Adapter Included, 7.5W Fast Wireless Charger, inexpensive and quality/features and warranty are top notch compared to the competition, great addition to my Anker family of accessories.
I bought this pad mainly for my s9+, but since it hasnt arrived yet, Ive been charging my s7 for the past week with it. The fast charging works very well, although I normally keep that feature turned off on my phone, since I dont need it when using this pad. The blue indicator light is very soft and unobtrusive. One of my favorite features of the unit is an extremely quiet fan that expels warm air from the bottom sides of the pad while charging. My only complaint, which I believe plagues all wireless pads, is that the placement of the phone on the pad has to be close to perfect to activate charging. Perhaps, it is more related to my particular phone, and I will know when I try my s9+ on it soon, but that is the only caveat that I have found with this charger.
This works great!!! Finally fast reliable wireless charging. My iPhone X charges on this just great with my water proof LifeProof case on the phone.
Works perfect with my LG v30. Chargers ridiculously fast I was at 35% 2 min later I was at 40% not even kidding. THE BEST WIRELESS CHARGER EVER!
I love this wireless charger. The fact that it has the almost silent fan to dissipate any heat associated with wireless charging to keep up the charging speed is awesome. The pad is larger than most and it works as advertised. I do love the material the top is made of it keeps the phone on top of it my phone doesnt slide around. The white is nice but does attract dirt have two very light gray smudges on the top of it already but overall its amazing.
Charger works fine.  I had to remove my case however.  I have a magnetic holder in my car that requires a metal disc in the case.  This charger will not charge with that in place.  Now I have removed my case completely.  All good until I drop it...
seems to be working fine now.
I received this charger quickly and in a clean box as we have all come to expect from Anker products.  Simply plugged it in and set my iPhone X on it and BOOM, I’m done and charging.  There is a small blue light on the charging pad that only lights up when you have something charging on it.  It’s very small and doesn’t light up a dark room like other lights.  What I really like about this is how I can charge it without having to turn on a light to plug in a cable.  I also like I can grab my phone and not worry about dropping my phone because I forgot I had a cable in it.  I highly recommend this product.
Simple and easy to setup and use. The included cable is a bit shorter than desired but it works. The phone does need to be placed virtually centered on the charging pad in order for the device to charge but once placed properly on the pad, the device charges without any issues.
Fantastic product
I really like the fast charge rate of the pad (7.5W for iPhone X), which just charges as quick as the company claims. The surface of the pad is definitely not the right choice for the back glass of the iPhone X though, which never keeps my phone lie properly in the middle of the pad for longer than 5 minutes. If the surface where you lay the pad on is just a little bit tilted, the phone will keep sliding toward the tilted side until the phone is out of chargeable range of the pad. Its even worse when you have a lot of notifications which causes the phone vibrates a lot, then the phone would slip out of the pad after like 5 text messages. Imagine how it would be if you were to receive a phone call. Very embarrassing! If not because this pad provides a very decent charging rate, I would have returned it and tried something else. Right now, every time I charge the phone with the pad, I have to put a piece of cloth in between for the phone to not slipped out of the pad. ***UPDATE*** Just about half day after my review was posted, Anker contacted me and offered me a replacement with the Anker PowerWave 7.5 Stand. The Stand has all the good thing that the Pad has, super fast wireless charging for my iPhone X, active cooling to ensure the charger and the phone dont get hot, and the fan is quieter too, and LED indicator to indicate that the phone is charging. In addition to those good bits, the Stand holds up my phone very well, so I no longer have to worry about the phone slipping off the stand in the middle of the night. So for anyone out there that love the fast charging rate of the PowerWave 7.5 line but is afraid of the slippery of the surface, definitely consider the Stand over the Pad. You will love it!
I had been putting off buying a wireless charger for sometime now after hearing all of the issues with them.  I finally decided to take a chance on the Anker PowerWave after reading the positive reviews.  This charger has worked flawlessly since I set it up.  It is not too picky as to where you have to place your phone on the pad and has never stopped without fully charging the phone.  I am using an iPhone 8 with a Tech21 case and it charges through the back of the case without any issues.  The cord that is supplied is a little short but for six bucks you can buy a longer one if needed.  The last thing I will mention is that it has a fan in it that helps keep it cool.  It is nearly silent, however if you plan to use it on a nightstand and you are sensitive to such noises consider another location.
Magic
Best fast wireless charger, reliable, actually charges the iPhone X really fast. From 15 minutes on 5%, I was up to 45% and the charge lasts for a while. The charger also charges with the phone with some thick case. I been through a couple Anker wireless chargers; this is the best Anker charger for sure. Ohh and  The price. You can’t beat it
I bought this for my wifes new iPHONE - she loves it.  Only downsize it has a low hum when charging.
Love this charger! Charges my iPhone x very quickly! From a completely dead iPhone youll be looking at 2 hours for a complete charge.
It works fine. But the charging speed is still a little bit slower compared to using lighting cable.
The Anker wireless charger works much better than the ones I quit using.  It does have the quick charge functionality, which works well.  I think this one is a "keeper". It does charge faster, no doubt.  I think it is faster because of the small internal fan (keeps it cooler).  It raises the bar for their competitors, for sure. I have not had it long enough to assess durability. Buy it, you wont regret it.
I’ve tried many different wireless chargers for my iPhone X and they were all very slow. The Anker charger was different. It charged my iPhone 3 times faster than any other wireless charger. Finally, a quality fast wireless charger for the iPhone.
This wireless charger is one of the best i have used. Charger is very quick at charging my phone. Only reason I give it 4 stars is that the fan is not as quiet as I would like and sometimes if I bump my phone just a little bit it will stop charging but all those are just part of wireless charging.
I really want to love this product. First, the tops: it does what it says on the tin, charging my iPhone X at night if I just place it on the pad. The integrated cooling fan is so quiet I didnt know it was there until another reviewer pointed its existence out. However, it seems a bit fiddly for correct placement, and for a bedroom device, thats not what i wanted. Ideally, ignoring whats possible via physics, Id like to just be able to plonk my phone on the pad and it would charge, irregardless of precision of said plonking. Thats not the case; I have to be relatively precise about the positioning of my phone. Im plonking my phone in a dark bedroom, so combined with my own fatigue, precision is hard to achieve. At least with the traditional cable method, I just need to find the cable and plug it in. I found myself putting this on my office desk and using it there. That seems to work for me -- Im awake so I can plonk with precision, and when I get up, I just grab the phone and go, instead of having to unplug the thing.
Highly recommended for iPhone, provides 7.5w charging (Apple standard for “fast” charging). The fan is very quiet and barely noticeable
Wireless charging is becoming more mainstream now with the new iPhones, Samsung flagships, and other high-end devices like the LG V30 offering tangle-free top-ups. Anker answers the call once again with the elite Power Wave 7.5. In the box you get the circular wireless charging base, a quick charge 3.0 wall charger, and a microUSB cable. The latter two are of top-tier quality that you would expect from Anker. Note that many wireless chargers don’t provide the cable and wall charger or only offer very cheap ones. All parts are in an attractive matte white. The first thing you’ll notice is that the charging pad has a built-in cooling fan. I’ve never seen that feature before on a wireless charger. It’s not noisy, but you will notice it’s going when you’re actively charging a device. One of the enemies of wireless charging is heat, so this is a great feature to protect both the charger and your phone. It also has a cool circular blue indicator light to let you know that wireless charging is working. I tested the Power Wave with a Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG V30. Starting with the S8, I found the Power Wave to provide “Fast Wireless Charging” and to at least equal the speed of my Samsung branded fast wireless charger. You’ll still feel warmth when wireless charging, but the fan system does seem to help with keeping things a little cooler. The LG V30 is infamous for being a tough device to fast charge wirelessly. The previously mentioned Samsung branded fast charger only provides standard (meaning dirt slow) wireless charging with the LG V30. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the Power Wave does indeed trigger the “Fast Charging Wirelessly” message on the V30 (it is possible!) and charges much faster. Both phones also charged wirelessly with and without cases (Spigen Tough Armor). There’s very little not to like about this wireless charger from Anker. It can support an array of devices at top wireless charging speeds. All components have fabulous build quality and Anker is really onto something with the fan cooling system with the Power Wave. If you’re thinking about making the jump to wireless charging, this one is highly recommended.
Wireless charging has been around for a long time, for years I have charged my Android phones with the cheap $5 wireless QI charging plates. The problem with these cheap solutions is that they often overheat and have the potential to damage your phones battery over time. I decided to pick up the new PowerWave charger for my wifes iPhone 8. We paid a lot of money for that phone, I wanted to know that we were using a quality charger to protect our investment. I am very happy with this charger. This charger wirelessly charges the iPhone 8 much faster than the competition. While this charger is more expensive than the competition, I am confident in saying that it is worth the money and is a far superior product. Pros:   - Charges my iPhone 8 faster than previous wireless chargers.   - Built in cooling system protects my phone and is whisper quiet.   - Looks great, high quality.   - Anker has a great 18-month warranty. Cons:   - A little more expensive than the competition. I am very happy with this purchase and I am sleeping a little bit better knowing that my devices are more protected than they would be with competing products.
Im an iPhone user, so Im a little late to the wireless charging game. If you havent tried out wireless charging yet, try the PowerWave -- you may never plug your phone in again! The materials and construction (and even the packaging) of the PowerWave are high quality and make it look and feel more expensive than it is.  There is a non-slip rubbery material on the top and bottom of the pad so that your phone and the pad itself stay in place.  A cool blue light comes on to confirm that your phone is charging. A Quick Charge 3.0 A/C adapter is included, which allows the PowerWave to charge surprisingly fast.  The pad itself weighs almost nothing at all and would be very easy to toss in your bag if youre traveling (although the included A/C adapter is a bit bulky to carry around for just one port, so I recommend getting one with multiple ports if youre going to be traveling -- I always travel with the Anker four port adapter). Most wireless chargers generate considerable heat that Im afraid will damage my phone.  The PowerWave avoids this with a built in fan that keeps it cool.  I dont feel any heat at all on the top of the pad or on my phone, even after a full charge.  The fan is totally silent -- you wouldnt even know the fan is there except for a slight breeze when you put your hand right next to it.  It adds a bit to the thickness of the pad compared to other wireless chargers, but the difference is barely noticeable. Ive been using the PowerWave for a week, so I cant comment yet on long term reliability.  I use several Anker products almost every day and Ive never had a problem with them, so Im not expecting any issues with the PowerWave.  Ill post an update if I run into any problems. I think the PowerWave is a really good value.  There are cheaper wireless chargers, but I learned the hard way that it is better to pay a few extra dollars for a better quality product (especially when it comes to charging). If youre looking for a high quality wireless charger that wont generate excess heat, I highly recommend the PowerWave.
I received this today. I purchased this based on the statement that it is case friendly. That said, it is not. It even says it in the instructions, "Using an ultra thick protective phone case or a case with a magnetic/iron plate is not recommended...". However, it does seems to charge just fine.
Excellent item! Works great on iPhone :)
Great charger. Its slim and charges my iPhone 10 fast. Good quality product.
Fast charging
Not sure how people had issues with their phone sliding off this charger or not charging. Works as advertised and is fast. Does it need a fan?  Not sure about that; I didn’t hear it come on at anytime during charging. It does have a large profile so it’s very noticeable on your desk.
Works well with my phone!
Works as advertised. Seems like my phone picks up the charge easier than the one my wife bought at AT&T store.
So pleased to have discovered this charger!  No more maddening plugs! I leave mine plugged in and it charges my phone like crazy! I can just as easily disconnect it, too, and travel with it. Solved a number of charging issue for me!
Great
This gets used more than any other charging device in my house.  It is simple to use and there is nothing better than being able to just set you phone down and charge.
We love the rapid charging, and as usual Anker has well built product. We have several Anker chargers and cords, they work great and have yet worn one out
Charges fast. I dont have any problem finding the "sweet spot" as other reviewers have complained about. Cant hear the fan at all.
Good wireless charger, not sure it charges any faster than any of the other wireless chargers I have bought over the years.  But, there are two main differences with this wireless charger then the rest.  It comes with a special charger and a special USB cable without either of those the charging pad is useless.  Plug the pad into a battery (which I have done with other brands) and the pads power light just blinks and doesnt charge the phone.  Forget the cable at home while on a trip, dont bother trying any other cable they will not work, again you get the blinking power light.  If you have all the parts then yes its a good charger finds the phone quickly and does charge the phone.
good quality
Charges fast
Ok
It doesnt seem to be as fast as a different Anker charger I own. Also, its very light and the power cord pretty stiff, so it doesnt stay put even with its rubber base. I use this in the kitchen so it would be nice if it stayed in one spot, so Ill have to figure out how to make it stable, but it works, came with a power supply and cable.
Nice charging unit  cords and wires
It’s another great and fast charger from Anker. And I expect nothing less.  It can get a little dodgy when using thicker phone cases, but the charging power gets through.
Great product
This thing is great! The included power adapter works to fast charge my Galaxy 10+ too if I ever need a replacement adapter. The non-slide backing is a bonus so it doesnt slide all around my desk when I put my phone down. I see a lot of people have issues with phone placement on some wireless chargers... that is not the case with this one. I can have my phone practically hanging off and it still charges just fine through an Otterbox Commuter case. I also have a Seneo "fast wireless charger" and it works because its one of those upright chargers, so I can still play on it while I work, but this charger charges my phone roughly 40% faster than that thing. I plan on putting this inside my new computer desk that Im building for hidden wireless charging, so I will update my review once I figure out whether or not it can fit my needs in that capacity. Overall though, for a standard fast wireless charger, this thing is wonderful. 10/10 would recommend.
As usual, this Anker product is extremely high quality, fit and finish is perfect, fast charging, plug and play easy to use, and as with all of their products, packaged extremely well. I have had only one issue with an Anker product (not this one) and they replaced it immediately, and with a better cable than originally purchased. Excellent company to do business with.
