This charger was great... when it worked. Three months down the road and it no longer will charge! I’ll be looking for a different replacement.
Broke after a few uses the pad just blinks and doesn’t charge phone.
I guess Ill be sticking to corded charging. I used this nightly for overnight charging for just over one month. Of course, days after the return window closes, it stops working completely. It was always finnicky about placement, but now its just done for. Dont waste your money.
This product does not work. I got it with the intentions of it being a great product from the reviews and being an Anker product. When I first got it I plugged it in and left it to charge over night. It charges well and my battery was refilling in no time. The next day when I went to use my phone; within one hour my battery life was down to 20%. I’m not sure if they don’t support IPhone X even though it says it does, but something is wrong.
Im usually a big fan of Anker products.  I own many that have reliably worked for a long time.  This wireless pad has two fatal flaws.  First, if you have a metal plate on your phone or between your phone and the case, the charger will not charge your phone.  This is understandable with inductive charging, but the flaw is that you dont realize that the charging isnt happening.  There is a small LED on the platter that is an indicator that there is metal blocking the charging but is non-intuitive.  Second, this charger howls like the wind.  Its loud and can be heard across the room.  Yes, I understand that induction == heat, but I have other charging plates that dont feel the need to double as a white noise generator.  Skip this one, at least until they figure out a better cooling solution.
Functionally, it works well on my wifes iPhone 8. Fan noise might be an issue for some as I didnt expect it but I actually find it kind of soothing in a white noise way. Unfortunately after a few weeks use its already developed dark black/brown spots underneath the top grey rubberized surface. Ive seen a few other reviews mention this issue and will be reaching out for a warranty replacement as it really takes away from the otherwise pleasing aesthetics.
How does this get good reviews. Its simply does not work straight out of box. It seems to recognize my g7 is there, because when I set it down the blue light starts blinking.  But no charge.
I purchased this in September 2018. It worked well on my nightstand for nightly use, but can sometimes be tricky to make sure its lined up and charging. Two months later, it completely stopped working. The company was great to swap unit for replacement. It is Feb and I woke up to a dead phone. No, its not that I did not line my phone up correctly on the unit. It will not power my phone up. These things only last a couple months tops. Good customer service, but it sucks to wake up with a dead phone! Im probably going to spend a little more $ on a more quality unit.
Bought the charger two months ago and it worked great...until I went to use it yesterday. The power light came on but my iPhone XS would not connect. I restarted my phone, checked for software updates, took off the case—nothing. The pad just stopped working. So disappointed. Normally Anker products are reliable. Listen to the reviews; this product is a dud.
My charger stopped working after 6 months of use.  Prior to that it worked great.  Charge speed was average.  I love the convenience of just placing the phone to charge but if I have to pay $45 every six months for a new one I might as well just use the old plug-in charger.  Disappointed.
When I first got the Anker, it had a lot of problems.... got it to finally worked and now its giving me problems again where its no longer working and instead of using the charging box it came with it only works with others-blinks blue but wont charge anymore and yes, my phone is updated and the back is clean. EDIT: Anker has sent me a brand new charger, it works perfectly. I appreciate this kind of customer service!
I have purchased 2 of these, and one of them died only after 3 months! Looks like it is the Quick Charge 3.0 wall charger that died, because if I use the pad with the other one, it works fine. Note: I have reached out to Anker and they were kind enough to send me a new wall charger, but yet, it is weird that it died after 3 months... Note: I have received the replacement from Anker, and yet one of them died again and it is the wall charger that died... I have been using Anker items and this is the first kind that keeps dying. Complete junk!
Broken from the. Get go   Gotta hold wire. A.  Setting. Way
I liked it for a while but last week it just stopped working all together. Disappointing as I buy many anker products and have come to expect the best from them. I decided to pay more and get this one because I trust their durability and quality. Stopped working after 4 months. Stay away
The charging pad itself seems to work great. And it works without a problem to charge my iPhone X with Apple leather case. No complaints there. The big problem I have is that the PowerWave only game with a short 2’ cable when I purchased it. Recently I was considering purchasing another to keep on my desk at work and noticed that it now comes with a 6’ cable. When I emailed Anker support, they offered me 20% off - which is $1.40 - the price of a 6’ cable to use with my PowerWave. Yes, $1.40! This despite the fact that representative explained that the new version ships with a 6’ cable because of customer complaints. I indeed feel the pain. It’s a hassle to keep this thing plugged in and on my night stand (as it must sit on the edge to reach an outlet).  Because of this major usability issue and Anker’s poor customer service, 3 stars is generous. If you get the newer version, you should be good to go; however, if you get one with the short charging cable, it’s practically useless in my opinion unless you want to also buy an extension cord.
Not good for iPhones - after plugging it in and charging my iPhone for an hour, the battery percentage had charged less than 10% on low power mode. It’s also a bit loud (fan noise).
worked for a day and now does even power up
i used to keep it to charge at night and see that it was 100 % charged in the morning. yesterday and today  i got  frustrated to see only 7-10% charged in one hour which i thought was very very slow. this was the first time i kept to charge in the afternoon and saw the difference. so i dont know how you can say fast charger. the only good thing that it is wireless and you dont have to deal with inserting the cable into the phone. i wanted something that charges faster and as am always on the move. it might be good for some but it all depends what is important to each one.
Stopped charging after 3 months. Garbage. Update: Was sent a replacement and it does not work with anything. Email support dropped off from Anker. A year later and I am still out and no support. Pitty, I have other Anker products I like. Stay away from this product.
It pains me to write a negative review on an Anker product.  But I bought a brand new iPhone 8 plus for me and my wife as well as an iPhone 8 for my daughter.  Within a couple of weeks I ordered this product to charge our devices in a central part of the house (kitchen).  The item sat in its box for a couple of weeks and I delayed giving it a run through its paces.  Unfortunately this will not charge youre phone if you have ANY case on it.  No matter how skinny the case.  Additionally, 50% of the time it does not charge the phone when you take the case off.  I dont know if the quality is on Ankers side or Apple.  I am a HUGE Anker fan.  All my cables are Anker and so are my external charging batteries.  Out of a dozen or so products, this is the first one to have issues.  Its nothing more than a paperweight at this point.  Maybe it will work better with a Samsung or Android phone.
A little bulky, but good.
Ive purchased stuff by these guys lots of times now and the products have always come up aces. For this particular product, I had some problems getting this to work for me and these guys were all over it! Seriously... like immediately reaching out to help me solve the problem. Ended up not being the right product for me but Ill tell you what... because of their service mindset, these guys will always be top of my list when it comes to charging peripherals for my iPhone. Really top shelf service.
Great if you have an outlet 2ft from the charger, also great if you need white noise as there is a loud fan noise. Terrible product, feels cheap too. I wouldn’t ever recommend this I would rather have bought a slower charger with no fan and a longer cord, mistakes were made.
My preferred phone case is the Speck Candyshell - unfortunately, this charger will not work with my phone when it is in that case. I prefer not to remove my case continuously so now my son is using the charger.
Completely broke down after one month. Super bad quality as well as very cheap materials.  I can’t even return this because this out of the 30 day return window.  Pretty frustrating, would not recommend
It stopped working after 8 months of using it lighlty. I don’t use this very often. Only when I don’t need fast charging from a cord. I’m really disappointed with this product. I usually love anker products but i’m so sad that it stopped working... I cannot figure out how to make it work agaib
Worked for two days. I’ve sent back and ordered the one apple has.
I ordered two of these.... a black and a white one. The white one unfortunately is very “touchy” requires moving the phone around by millimeters several times to find the “sweet spot” so it will charge. Annoying
Did not work out of the box. Returning to Amazon for a refund. Nice design and really wanted it to work. Very disappointed
Wont work with a thicker case, like otterbox.
you have to have a anker charger in order for it to work so i returned it. the other charger you just connect it to a usb port with a micro usb cable
It stopped working. Coincidentally right after the return window closed.
It stopped working 3 days outside of the return period. It’s a total piece of junk, do not waste your money. I wish I hadn’t bought it and went with a different product/brand.
**Update**. As usual the anker customer support and warranty support is excellent. They offered to replace my unit at no cost and apologized for the product lasting only 8 months. I will update this review as this unit gets closer to a year old, but for now the experience has been great and I would still recommend Anker to my friends and family. After 8 months it has now died suddenly. I will be checking on warranty replacement.
Like quite a few others, when I had problems with my product, Anker reached out to me to fix the problem.  They replaced the charger.  I havent gotten the new one yet but the customer service was outstanding. Original review:  It was fantastic until the blue light wouldn’t stop blinking which an internet search tells me means the unit is bad.  Certainly won’t charge my phone anymore.
So disappointed as I typically trust Anker products. When it worked, it was great. Unfortunately, it didn’t even last a week.  Thankfully I kept all the packaging so I can try to return.
UPDATE 12/07/2018 So after using the wireless charging base for a week, it stopped working. WTF?! I was so happy in the beginning & just after ONE week of charging,...it went dead. I bought this one because it was more expensive thinking it would be better quality, wrong! Totally disappointed! I am super excited that I can still charge my iPhone XS Max with a popsocket attached to my Speck Presidio case. I was afraid it wouldn’t & had a backup case just in case it would not charge but it did!!  It does take a little longer to charge but I leave it on the charger to charge through the night. Just make sure you center the phone otherwise it won’t charge correctly.
Stopped working after a month and a 1/2.
I bought this because it advertised it would "transmits charging power directly through even heavy-protection cases" but it didnt through mine.
Using this charger in the bedroom but the fan noise is definitely noticeable when trying to fall asleep - I’ll be moving this charger to my office and replacing it with a fanless charger in the bedroom
I bought this for the first time and dont like it. Its hard to find the point where it will turn on.
Was hopeful for this charging pad, but doesn’t quite do the trick. iPhone X’s max slides off no matter how you position it. Repeatedly attempt to put it on charger, but will leave room and it slides off on its own. “Anti-slip surface” doesn’t work. Not sure if it’s the fan *Updating review* Anker did a great job of contacting me following initial issue. Replaced with a wireless charging stand that phone leans against, seems to work well. Maintaining 3 stars, as the product that was purchased & promoted via lightening deal didnt live up to the hype. If I could review the new stand, it would be better
So it works flawlessly with one exception. If the power goes out or flickers the usb block has to be unplugged a few times before it starts works again. I leave this on my nightstand. The fan that runs in it is very quiet and relaxing to listen to. In fact this has doubled as a white noise that I focus on. If it weren’t for the wonky power block it would be a 5 star review.
Do not recommend. Product simply stopped working after a few months. Stay away.
It doesn’t hold a charge. I place my phone on the plate, it charges up, I go to sleep. When I wake up, my phone only has half a charge. WTH? Complete waste of money. Just stick with a charging cord. This hot plate isn’t reliable.
Lasted a record breaking 2 phone charges before it wouldnt even power up again. What a waste of time. Returned!
product came with cosmetic damages..scuffs and marks. nice product otherwise.
Detects iPhone but simply does not charge. Totally useless
Last night was the first time I used the PowerWave. When I removed the phone this morning I saw that it had only charged the phone about 20%. I figured that since maybe I didnt set the phone properly on the pad. This morning I placed it on the pad and when I came back to it 10 minutes later it wasnt charging and the phone was almost off the pad. I tried it again and this time I stayed next to it and I confirmed that the phone is sliding off the pad. I will contact Anker to see what they recommend but it looks like I will be returning it. I will update this review after I contact Anker. Update: After trying it again, I took pictures several minutes apart to show that the phone is indeed sliding off the pad. After 18 minutes the phone was not charging anymore and it was all the way to the right. I do not know if this is an issue that affects all phones, but at least this pad doest not play well with the iPhone XS Max. Had to lower the rating to two stars.
Didnt work with my Galaxy s9+ as advertised.
I bought two chargers, one is broken and the return window is expired. I would not buy this again.
I purchased two of these on 7/14/18.  They both worked great until 9/21/18, when one of them went dead.  It simply no longer works with either an iPhone 8 or 8+, no blue light, no matter what.  The other still works fine, but I’m wondering for how long. The units are well made and simple to use.  The one that died seemed a little finicky about placement of the phone on the pad, however when the blue light came on, it worked well.  The units do not heat up during charging, nor do the phones.  There is a fan, but it’s very quiet and I don’t notice it at all.  The plugs are large, which may be an issue for some, but it’s not a problem for me. I’m disappointed that one has failed already, but am encouraged by the comments that Anker has proactively addressed the various problems others have had. UPDATE:  After reading comments from Anker on other posts with similar problems, I tried the dead charger using the wall adapter from the other one I fortunately have.  Success!  So it seems the cord and pad are ok and it’s the wall adapter that is bad. UPDATE 2:  Took the original malfunctioning adapter and smacked it on the table a couple times, folded and unfolded the collapsible prongs several times, inserted and removed the cable connector a few times and finally I told it it’s mother was a snowblower...  hooked it back up and whaddya know...  works fine.  However,  I’m not thrilled that this was necessary and worried about how long it will continue to work.  Updated rating to 3 stars.
Two major considerations which may affect your satisfaction:  1) There is a cooling fan inside, so if you charge by bedside, then you will hear this soft “white noise.”  2) The plug will stick out almost two inches from the wall, plus another inch of the USB plug, so you cannot put this behind dressers, beds and other similar furniture which does not have over three inches of clearance. It’s functionality is as described.  You just may be annoyed by the above inconveniences.
Decided to order this charger, as Apple has yet to announce the AirPower, as I’ve been a long time fan of Anker products (chargers, batteries, and cables). Received it on a Wednesday night, and it seemed to work well with my iPhone 8. Received my iPhone Xs on Friday (two days later). It seemed to work for an hour or two, but then the indicator light went off, mid-charge. Tried changing the cable, adaptor, and reverting to my old phone, but nothing charges anymore.
I own the three major Qi chargers, Belkin, Mophie, and this Anker and while the Anker does charge the phone, I find myself most mornings waking up to an uncharged phone because I didn’t place it just right on the charging pad. I don’t have this issue with my Belkin or Mophie, both of which does not require the precision placement that the Anker does. It’s unfortunate because the Anker is the only one with a fan to assist with cooling the phone and battery.
Does not work with my iPhone X
Does not work anymore and not even a year old. It did great for 9 months but gave out. Will see what customer service says.
I saw it was highly recommended for people to use on the DealMoon, and also it has highly reviews on Amazon, so that I bought it. However, it doesn’t work when I take it out from the box although I tried hundred times. And also I tried putting it everywhere it doesn’t work either. I also searched some videos and information about how to use it and how to fix problems but nothing happened. I didn’t recommend you to buy this one.
Have had this product for 6 weeks and not even 2 weeks outside of the return window it has completely stopped charging for no reason. Awesome.
Bought in October to charge my iPhone X Max.  Died in 7 months after daily use, the puck doesnt power on.
Pros: The look is really nice and modern. Small form factor. The blue light isn’t annoying when sleeping at night which is a plus. Super quiet even with internal fan. Great quality of materials. Cons: I have to place my iPhone XS Max and AirPods 2 exactly at the right spot on the pad otherwise they won’t charge. It takes a couple of seconds before your device will recognize its charging so I can’t just place the phone on the pad and walk away. I have to watch it to make sure that it does start charging, then walk away. This becomes incredibly hard when in bed and you pick up your phone to check something, then try to place it back on the pad from a side angle. Each time I have to get up and nudge the phone to the exact spot on the pad. This process takes so much time that I’m going back to using a good lightening cable.
Didn’t last 6 months. No longer works.
Update: only 5 days in and it’s starting to show dark marks and it’s not dirt... not sure if it’s overheating, burning etc... give it another week maybe... but I think I’ll be returning. Shouldn’t be happening in less than a week. Good quality and you receive not only the fast charging pad but fast charging adapter and cord. The cord is 3 ft and seems to be pretty sturdy compared to Apple cords. It’s only 1st impression so I want to test it out but I’m highly impressed. I chose pad vs stand as I’m hoping to find a pair of earbuds that wirelessly charge for work too. Not sold on AirPods yet. Easy to set up and charges through Apple leather case. I have XS Max for reference and I didn’t feel the pad was too small. Works for my needs at the office. I don’t constantly need to be viewing but need it handy. Plugging and unplugging is an inconvenience and wears the cord down. I’ll update after couple weeks use
I loved this product as long as it worked. It worked great for about 3 months and then all of a sudden wouldn’t power up anymore. Tried it all over the house on multiple outlets and no power. Pretty sad for $45.
I love the idea of wireless charging and not having to plug in a lightning cable. It charges my iPhone X slower than I expected, but still works very well so far. Yeah I paid $50, but I like how it came with the A/C power adapter opposed to buying an adapter separately. UPDATE: the wireless charger no longer works. The blue light doesnt even come on when I place my phone on it. I just purchased this in August of 2018 and its only February 2019.
.......is that you cant use this if you have any type of a case or a pop socket style of device.  So do NOT order this if you have one of those on your iPhone.
The power charger died after a few months. The pad still works, and I hooked it up direct to another quick charge charger.
I purchased this item and its stand counterpart for my new XS Max. This one for my night stand, the stand for my office. This charger stopped working recently and Ive exhausted all methods of fixing it that Im aware of. It is not my phone because the stand model I have at my office is still working well. When I put my phone on this one, the light turns blue, fans kick on, my phone registers that it is charging but never charges. I think it is getting enough current to register but not enough to actually charge it. Im using the supplied Anker wall plug with the unit. Im unsure if I can get a replacement...will update my review accordingly.
It’s work from one to another; both the product 6months ago
Light keeps blinking blue and does not charge your phone. Better off sticking with a lightning charger, at least you can use your phone while it charges.
Probably 60% of the time when you set your phone on the charging pad it doesn’t charge. You have to make sure your phone sits just write or you’ll come back to your phone and realize it hasn’t been charging!  Now it’s too late to return, avoid!
I just received my PowerWave charging pad and charging brick. The light on the charging brick does not light up. The charging pad does not work.  I switch to the same brick different color and it works. Light turns on and also charger works. The white one the came with the charger does not work for some reason.
Updated: 5 stars for Anker customer service, so overall I will change my rating to 3 stars. Quick and responsive customer service. Anker offered to send me a new charging pad or refund since I was not satisfied with this product. Though this product is not to my expectation but I will continue to support/recommend Anker for their service. Thank you. I used iPhone X and was really very disappointed as its not fast charge as advertise.To have full charge from 20% to 100%, it takes slightly over 3 hrs. Average time 3.5 hrs. Therefore its no difference or slower than plugging in to a line to charge.  I do buy a lot of Anker products and this is a huge disappointment.
It stopped working in June. Still doesn’t work and it’s now August.....waste of money don’t buy.
Purchased this as a charger to keep at work so I could wireless charge my I Phone on my desk.  After a month it stopped working, the past black model was much better.  45$ and this was junk.
It charges well for a Pixel 3XL and an iPhone with basic phone cases.  With a leather folder case such as the "ProCase Genuine Leather Case for Pixel 3 XL", it takes a few tries to get charging to start.  We found the "Anker PowerWave Fast Wireless Charger Stand" to work almost all of the time with the covered Pixel 3XL.
This product would not charge my iphone, the green light would turn on for a second then go off. Never charging the device.
This product was great the only problem was that it only lasted  6 months! Now the light just blinks but it will not charge anything!
It charges for 5 minutes before it stops charging. I have tried it without a case and moving it in increments of half in inch up and down the  pad and it does the same thing. It doesnt charge it to full. I had it at 20%. Put it on. After 5 minutes I tapped the screen to see it doesnt have the charge sign and it only went up to 35%. Repeated and moved the phone. Went up to 45%... I might as well just go back to using the cable.
Worked pretty well, but it stopped functioning after a few months. I had to position my phone just right, for it to work, when it did. Because of that, not really terribly more convenient than plugging it in. Im guessing the placement issue was a precursor to the unit failing. Anker was great with product support. They provided me with a replacement, even though the support window through Amazon was closed. The communication about the issue and the effort to make it right was top-notch. Its clear that Anker is dedicated to customer satisfaction and to constantly improving their products.
I really loved this charged until today... first of all, for what I paid and after using Anker products for many years I would have expected durabilty. I bought this charge earlier this year in March I believe. Not even 5 months and it just broke down. I tried plugging and unpluggin, I left it a few minutes unplugged and nothing makes it work. No lights are turning on in the pad. I have been dealing over the past three days with this issue. This ain’t a cheap charger... with a cheap one I would understand this, but not with a product coming from anker.
it works fine as it fast charges.  I only wish that it was a little bigger and the active light was on the side instead of right on top where the phone can actually cover the light so you dont know if its charging or not if theres no phone indicator.  My S10 has no phone indicator while charging.  A few minor details that kind of add up.  not sure if Im gonna keep.
It takes a while for the charger to recognize the phone which is annoying. I thought it would auto sense the phone it as soon as you set it down, but there have been times where I would come back and it didnt charge at all. So definitely make sure that its charging after you set it down. The plastic component is made of inferior quality which is surprising since I have other anker product and theyre pretty sturdy.  Had I known the plastic was so cheap, I wouldnt have purchase. Its ok. I wouldnt recommend though.
Im officially done with Anker products after yet another item that flat out does not work from day one. Charger lights up for a moment, and then repeatedly flashes, indicating theres an issue or problem. Happens with the included brick and cable or any other brick and cable (or any combination between the included pieces and other known-working pieces), meaning its likely the actual pad thats the problem. Figured Id give them another go after a bunch of dud smart plugs, but clearly the only thing theyre able to do somewhat adequately are cables. Hard pass.
One has to be with the CIA to find out how to ask a question of this product. While it charges fast, it doesnt make instant contact to begin the charging. Certainly not worth the extra money over other chargers.
Very enjoyable and quiet while it worked. Not enjoyable paying 47 bucks for it only to have it fail, suddenly and completely, 3 months and 17 days later - especially without having charged the phone that I laid on it this morning.
This product was placed on a flat surface and used three times before the cord had to be manipulated to activate the device. It stopped working within a month. Total waste of money.
Very disappointed in this product. The blue light started blinking after about 7 days worth of charging and has not resolved with troubleshooting.
is finicky and requires perfect alignment of phone to charge. stopped working in less than 8 months.
I have an IPhone X.  This charger will not charge for me.  It clinks on for about five seconds then does nothing.  and on top of that, my phone slides off of it.  Ive had Anker products in the past but I would not recommend this one.
Ordered in June. Established a permanent home for it in our house so that it wasn’t getting messed with. Worked great til January. No incident, no rough handling, no longer works. If we weren’t outside of the return dates, I’d be returning. Can’t think of a single reason for it to up & quit. $50 charger...
I ordered 2 of these and both stopped working within 2 weeks. Bad decision on my part was that I didnt save the packaging when i plugged them in upon arrival and they did work, so therefore I am not able to return them. I just threw them in the garbage. Wont replace with same brand
Touchy connection. Seems to charge slowly.
It’s hard to find the “perfect” spot. If I place the phone and it’s off by a cm or so it won’t charge. It’s a hassle to deal with. But it does charge really fast. I just ended up buying the stand up one from anker and it does wonders. ( there’s one that has exactly the same features but instead of laying your phone flat on a circular pad it’s a stand, look into that one if you’re interested in purchasing) Edit as of August 1st 2018 Anker contacted me and sent out a replacement for the item and that replacement was having problems as well so they refunded me. I think it may have been a design flaw in the actual item but ankers customer service gets 5+ Stars. Also if you are really in need purchase the stand up one that anker also offers. It doesn’t have the problem with being finicky and it works great. I’m using that one instead.
Just received it today, items are sealed and looks really promising. However, items are not working. I tried to find the "sweet spot" by moving my phone, no luck.
Love the convenience, but the noise of the fan is rather annoying and the cord is so short!  I think Im going to have to drill a hole in the back of my nightstand.  Why is that cord so short??? Its so inconvenient!  I love Anker products, so Im surprised this one has a questionable design.
Will not work when plugged into my iMac.  It MUST use the power adapter which is included.  This might be okay except the cord is only 3 and wont make it to my desk.  This makes the entire setup useless.
Doesn’t charge the Apple watch
in case of my iPhoneX, charger keep working even after battery reached 100%, it doesnt automatically shut off! also if you have it on a nightstand you can hear the fan
Update 4/11/18 Replacement has started to discolor with brown spots on the gray pad surface as well. Update 4/6/18 Changing my review from 3 to 5 stars. Anker sent me me a replacement, and it does not have the discoloration issue. Pro: Works well with iPhone X, & fan noise is pretty subdued. Less finiky about phone placement than some of the other wireless chargers I have used. Con: Charging pad started to discolor after first use. I have never had any discoloration issues with my Belkin Boost up.
It looks like I got a lemon.  My powerwave isnt working at all!  I read all directions and even watched youtube videos to see if I was missing something obvious.  No charge at all.  Hate sending stuff back!
I as m editing my first review. Product has stopped working after only 5 months. Tried unplugging and every other trick to no avail. Assume other anker will stop soon. Should be able to exchange!!!
Supposed to be fast on the iPhone X, but its nothing compared to USB 3.0. Charges no faster than $20 models. This is not a fast charger. Go for a chaper option. Ridiculous
I love Anker products. They get it, great products, great packaging and great customer service. I own several portable chargers, A/C chargers, and many, many cables. Sadly this charger seems to be a dud. It worked for about 5 hours and than nothing. The blue LED lights up for about 5 seconds and than shuts off. When reading the one star reviews this appears to be a known issue. This might be the rare occasion where I need to look elsewhere for a wireless charger? Update: Anker reached out to me after reading this review and they are working getting me another unit to test out. I have also ordered the Powerwave 7.5 in the stand version. I will report back and possibly amend my rating? I did receive a new Powerwave 7.5 Pad and I am very satisfied with the product. Ankers commitment to customer satisfaction is exemplary. I highly recommend this product and I am amending my review to 5 stars. Update II: I’ve had both the pad and the stand for a month or so. Amazingly convienent. Sadly the Pad that was sent as a replacement has stopped working. Actually the “wall wart” has given up the ghost. The first version I had failed in this way too. I am giving these update in as close to real time as I can. For now I highly recommend the concept. If you get a good working product I’m guessing you’d give it 5 stars like I would.
Customer service was great, just couldn’t get this to work on any iPhone we own! 8, 8s, and 10 nothing would charge. They replaced the first one and the second one was the same, blue light comes on when you set the phone down but the phone never charges
It worked well for 1 week.  Then it died.  Ive returned it and am going to try again.  Hopefully, I just had a bad unit
I purchased two flat pad units and two upright stand versions. Both flat pad units have slowly quite charging after two months.  Doesnt matter where you place the phone. The two upright stand versions work flawlessly.  Buy the upright instead.
I have hadn’t this product now for close to a month. Every few days, the charging pad gets stuck on the flashing blue light sequence. Power cycling it, rebooting my phone, nothing works. I’m tired of trying to get this crappy product to work.
Have been an Anker fan for a number of years, but have started moving away.  I have an iPhone X and, for the last year and a half, struggle with this product.  Sometimes it works and other times it doesnt work at all.  Even when it works, you have to make sure you place the phone in just the right position and have to listen for the audible connection sound. When it works, it charges quickly, but its just not dependable so moving on to something else.
This charger was great when I first got it. Simple to use, charged my iPhone nice and quick. Loved it. A few months later, it has begun to have problems. Sometimes it wont charge the phone, although the light on the actual charger turns on indicating its charging and also the battery symbol in the upper corner of my phone also indicates that it is charging. Despite both of these indicating that the phone is charging, the battery percentage does not increase, it will stay at whatever percentage it was when I placed the phone on the charger. If this charger actually lasted a decent period of time before it started to malfunction, this would easily be a 5 star review, but this frustration makes me wish I didnt even waste my money on it. Durability and reliability are important!
I received this as a gift last Christmas.  The LED light has never worked.  My spouse has a wireless charging pad he purchased from his wireless provider for his phone where the light is red while charging and turns green when charged.  I will have to re-purchase because I have no indicator at all.  Very sad Anker puts out such poor quality.
I love Anker products and this one was great when I first started using it. I bought it in December of 2018 and it has been working ever since, but two days it just stopped working. When I place my iPhone X on top to charge, the charging symbol is activated however, when I check the phone the next morning, the battery is not replenished at all. Therefore, it is not charging my device. Im not sure if this is a defect, but this does not seem to be a reliable product to be malfunctioning so quickly. I am very disappointed.
Ive had this charger for about a week now (with the fast charging wall plug i bought extra) and Im very disapointed. First off, this does not do very well if your phone is in a case. My case is not that thick, yet still interferes with charging. Seccond, even when i do remove the case and get it to charge, its very slow. It took almost 3 hours to charge from 62% to full. That doesnt seam very fast to me. The phone even says "fast charging" but doesnt speed up at all.  Another time, I left my phone on it over night, and when i got up the phone had only charged up from 15% to 75 %. I am very disappointed with this item
Product was good and lives up to baker quality products, however it was a little bit noisy when it was charger due to fan keeping pad cool. Now the charging pad has stopped working, I tried changing all the USB ports and different cables including different phones and it doesn’t work anymore. A little disappointed.
Stopped working already and I bought it in September 2018,. Only got 10 months of use out of it
Does not charge airpod2 wireless, though I just bought it only for airpod 2. But when I found this, it already exceeded the 30 days return date.
The charger is nice and charges my iPhone pretty fast, BUT the fan inside the unit makes noise while your phone is charging. It doesnt stop at all, I thought the fan was there to cool down the unit in case it overheats but it just keeps spinning no matter what temperature the phone or the charger is.
Just died on me, didnt even last a year!
Although it supports my iPhone Xs, it does not support the Airpods 2 with the wireless charging case. be aware of that!
Well after almost 8 months, it decided to just stop working. This charger never moved. I plugged it in and sat it right next to my bed and tonight, nothing. Yes, I tried swapping the cable (from my wife’s identical product)…nothing. Disappointing to since it has such great reviews.
Mine stopped working within a month of receiving it and I tried contacting the company multiple times to replace it and got nothing. Very disappointed
Is not working . I connected on power but is not work .
This product broke after a couple months! Would not buy!
I bought this wireless charger last November and only after 2 months of use I started to notice the unit get really hot and 3 burn looking marks started to appear on the top of the unit. It a bit disappointing as it seems like a defect in the material and looks like its burned but the unit still works and hasnt failed
The cooling fan is noticeably audible and a pointless idea. I cant use this charger on my night stand or office desk. The fan noise it makes is way too loud.
