I really like these headsets. The haptic feedback is really cool and really immerses you into whatever youre listening to. I do have two downsides to these though: 1. They are goofy looking, but you probably already knew that. These things are huge ans scream GAMER. As much as i love them, i probably wont be wearing them out in public anytime soon. 2. i wish the volume was a tad bit louder. Theyre plenty loud, dont get me wrong, i kind of just expected my ear drums to be blown out. They do isolate sound really well so the volume level makes sense, just a nitpicky personal preference. The bass is great and there are plenty of customizations to be made in Synapse 3 (forever beta). I dont and probably will never use the mic, so theres that. I have a Blue Yeti for dedicated voice. Ive heard "other" microphone tests, sound just OK and/or terrible, so take that with a grain of salt. These also work wired with an iPod, powered off w/o haptics and powered on w/ haptics, and they sounded great. The LEDs are awesome to sync with my Razer Cynosa Chroma Pro, Naga Trinity, Firefly, Tartarus V2, and Base Station. P.S.: I like my haptics around 50-60.
My 12 yr old loves these
Ill start off this review with my place of purchase. It wasnt Amazon even though I buy many items here on a daily basis. This time, it was a chain store that has buys that are considered best. I needed some headphones quickly so I chose this route instead. The fit: I have a large head and ears so finding headset that is comfortable has been a challenge. These are probably one of the most comfortable headphones that I have used so far. They completely cover my ears and reduce outside noise by a good 60-70% in my opinion. I have issues with many headphones as they are either uncomfortable or they get hot quickly (within 15-20 minutes). The Razer Nari did NOT have this issue. I used them for a couple hours at a time playing PUBG and Ring of Elysium and noticed hardly any buildup of heat. Battery life:  The battery life seems to be close to what is stated (~30 hours) without lighting effects. I only charged them a couple times during the week after many hours of playing. I did use the lighting effects which does hinder battery life a bit but these are still awesome. Microphone:  Initially, I was told that it sounded like I had left the wrapper over the mic. After some tuning on the mic setting page of the settings, all was great.  Im used to the Logitech G533 and how the mic flips down to unmute. Flipping it back up enables the mute option. With the Razer Nari, the mic is retractable and you must pull it out to use it. The downside to the mic is that its kind of short so when the mic mute button is pressed, I have to look out of the corner of my eye to see the red led located at the tip of the mic. This indicates that the mic is muted. This isnt terrible but I wish it were about an inch longer so it was easier to see. Headphone Sound level: One thing I noticed right away is that the volume of these are 30-40% louder than the Logitech G533. I had to dial back my sounds quite a bit. To me, this is a plus as I do like the ability to turn them up if needed. Headphone Sound quality:  The sound quality is probably a 10/10 in headphones up to about $300. I can say these even sounded better than the SteelSeries Pro Wireless that I tried a few weeks before. The Razer audio software, which I will get into later on, offers many controls and settings for mic, EQ, and so on so that you can dial in a config that works best for you. Razer Software:  This is why I had to return these headphones. Didnt see that coming based on my comments above? It pained me to return these. The Razer software (and/or drivers), in my opinion, is what caused the problems that I was experiencing. When using these headphones after the latest update (early Feb 2019), other players could hear, via my mic, what I was hearing in my headphones. Even when playing a youtube video, everyone in my chat could hear it, no matter what volume level I had it set to. I tried all kinds of suggestions from others experiencing this issue. I even reloaded my system (Windows 10 Pro x64) and installed these before adding any other drivers, same issue. BTW - Switching back to the G533 solved the issue. Plugging in the NARIs again, the same issue returned.  After working on this for over a week, I decided to return them. Closing: I am going to check out the Logitech G935 which is supposed to be released on 2/25. I will also be watching the RAZER forums for updates to the Nari software and WILL DEFINITELY repurchase them if the issue is resolved.
The Razer Nari is a good product that has Razer quality and aesthetics.  It looks nice, the class green and black, and has all the features gamers need at a good price point.  It is wireless, which i think is becoming more of the norm and i really really enjoy it.  I always seem to get my cord tangled up with my chair so wireless is awesome when there is no apparent downside anymore.  The sound is above average and has good clarity. The MIC works well and doesnt seem to have any inbuilt lag or anything related to the wirelessness.  The mic itself can be pulled out of a little tube build into the headhpone so you dont even see it if you dont want it exposed.  Honestly whipping out the mic when im getting serious in Overwatch makes me feel cool but my wife laughs at me for looking like a nerd.  MEH!  Its not too heavy, no obvious downsides so far, I recommend!
Setting up the Nari was a bit more complicated than other wireless headsets I have owned. The software installed automatically upon inserting the USB dongle into the computer, but I did have to go into the sound settings to manually switch over things. After that, I had some trouble getting it to connect on my desktop. I did contact customer support over chat and they were absolutely amazing. Tried to do some troubleshooting and offered to set up an replacement. However, my teenager came over and fiddled with it and got it working just fine on his computer. Apparently my older desktop was not being friendly. In comparison to Steel Series Razers customer service was simply mind blowing! Upon install, you are asked to set up the Synapse software which allows you to adjust the sound, sensitivity of the microphone and the RGB lighting on the cans. The software is surprisingly good at adjusting the sound so do take a minute to set things up the way you like. Initially, I found it to be Bass heavy but that was easily adjusted. The sound and fit on this headset is excellent. The THX spatial audio does make quite a difference in proving a surround sound like feel in FPS games.  The cooling gel cushions work exactly as promised and you can wear them for a long time without any discomfort. The  microphone is retractable (which I prefer to removable) and picks up sound very clearly. The buttons are intuitively placed and responsive. There is a beeping sound along with a light indicator that occurs to let you know that you need to recharge the set. The issues I have found is that the range seems to be quite a bit shorter than I would have expected. Most gamers dont need to wander off mid game but, if you do, you may want to make sure the range is going to work for you.
I have several headsets at different price points, and Im going to talk about why this headset is the most expensive but also the best.  This headset is truly made for gaming. It has a separate voice chat volume control, and I can tell you why this is important.  On my cheaper headsets, playing Fortnite, it can sometimes be hard to hear the voice chat.  Not with this headset, with the special volume control for chat.  It also has a retractable microphone, so if you dont want to chat, you can simply put it away and get it away from your mouth.  There is also a mute button you can press to turn off chat (very helpful if you want to have a side conversation in your actual life.) Visually, its cool looking with glowing symbols over the ears.  There is supposed to be a mute indicator but I havent been able to find where it is, despite reading the instruction manual.  By the way, the instruction manual is so tiny I had to use a magnifying glass to read it. My son says its very heavy however, in my experience, I wore it for several hours last night and experienced no pain - it didnt feel like it was weighing down on my ears like my Corsairs headset does.  It has a carriage so that the headset doesnt rest directly on your head, something most of these high-end headsets do have.  And the ear cups are made of memory foam. In terms of sound reduction, I can tell you that its very hard to hear ANYTHING else in the room if you have these headphones on, which is a blessing and a curse! I only used the wired option, with the 3.5 cord, which is there. I do not like the idea of having bluetooth signals right in my ears, so I didnt set that up.  I did like that the the USB plug has a storage spot right in the headset, you might think its a button if you didnt know it was there.  The 3.5mm cable works fine with a Playstation 4 controller.  I havent tried this out yet with my computer. You do need to charge it anyway to get the colors to light up, but I think it works wired with the 3.5mm cable even if it isnt powered up.  It also includes a USB charging cable, which may also connect it to the computer.  I also read that if you have it hooked up to a computer, you can set up different lighting schemes for the ears.  This does seem silly to me though because YOU cant see the lighting while its on your head, so who cares? No doubt this will be the headset of choice in my household.  Many people would be happy with a mid-range headset for listening to music or playing single-player games, but if you want to play multi-player with voice chat, you will want something like the Razor Nari.
Ive been using this headset for almost two weeks. I bought this after having owned the Astro a40 + mixamp for quite a while, a year or so? Maybe more. The dolby surround sound on the Astros sounded fine but was never really a good replacement for having multiple speakers around your room. The surround sound on these Razer Nari Ultimates isnt great either. Both headsets sounded like I was either underwater, or just hearing some sounds while others were being washed out, after looking around at other reviews, it seems to be just what you get with this type of surround sound and the game and your media youre playing through them will have a big impact on the sound quality as well. I turned off surround sound on my Astros long ago and never cared to turn it back on because everything sounded so much better than with surround sound off, the same is true for my new Razer headset, but the sound is somehow even better. Small background ambient details sound clearer, environments sound more alive. Maybe its because the headset does a better job at drowning out the background noise in my real world? The cup fits completely over my ear on my big over sized head. It doesnt SQUEEZE my head like a vice grip. Theres no sharp edges or nooks and crannies to catch and pull and tangle my hair on even. The ear cups swivel up, down, left, right to make a secure fit over your ear, and they also feel comfortable when you wear them off your ear or partially over your ear. The padding on the ear cup is very soft, im surprised it even makes as good of a seal as it does on my ear but its pretty good at silencing the rest of the room when Ive got them on. I was skeptical about the "cooling gel" padding but its the real deal. Very comfortable. Adjustable mic pulls out and pushes back in. Ive not had issues where the mic is too loud or broadcasts the rest of my room. The controls for volume, and adjusting voice/game playback balance are on separate cups and while the headset is a bit bigger than what Im used to, I dont really notice any issues with the size of the headset. The Hypersense haptic technology is nice, I thought it was just going to give me a headache because Im pretty prone to headaches if I wear a tight fitting headset thats too loud for too long. The Hypersense isnt something I leave on, but I turn it on if Im watching a movie. For some video games theres just too many low tones to activate the vibrating haptic bits and pieces and makes it sound like im listening to someones ghetto blaster subwoofer. Turning the setting lower makes it much more subtle and makes it acceptable for my games. Used responsibly, the Hypersense haptics feature is well worth the money in my opinion. The wireless is a godsend, Ive been a firm believer that you need dedicated optical or input jacks for each sound channel for a long time. Ive since converted. I sit close to my pc but its nice not having wires rigged to my scalp and tangling in my long hair. Hopefully the battery lasts longer than the one in my cell phone. The Razer Synapse software has lots of options to adjust or just turn off the lighting on the side. I like the lights, but with the lights on I get about 8 hours until the headset just goes dead without warning. When the headset runs out of juice it just shuts off, no warning, just a soft beep tone and silence, like youre in a coffin underwater kind of silence. On the flip side it shuts itself off after 15 minutes of no sound from the pc. So if your computer is idling itll turn the headset off and save juice. It might be the most expensive headset Ive owned. I really like it. $200 bucks at time of purchase, my kid will understand when hes $200(+ interest) short on his college fund.
By fare the best surround sound I’ve ever heard I can hear exactly where they are, it’s amazing! It’s way better than the $150 wireless Corsair headset and the base in these headphones is insane! Great for music!
great buy, super happy with this purchase
Its a thicc pair of headphones to be sure. its very bulky and heavy, which is noticeable when swapping between this and another pair of headphones. The mic on this thing is absolutely atrocious. However, if you can get by the weight and use an external mc, this is a very solid pair of headphones.
If you love the audio and good sound its insane to have something on your head that vibrates and pushes air like an 808 but strapped to your ears! I love it, you do have to mess with the eq and the thx is AWESOME for gamming... hear them coming from a mile away. Highly recommend for the price of course i bought them and at 200 and the day after they went on sale for 150 so i suggest you buy quck
The Razer Nari Wireless is a good headset .  They feel comfortable on the head and dont cause headaches for me after a hour or two of use. My only real complaint is the mic seems a bit short and the battery seems to die within 4 hours of use and requires charging constantly
Sound quality and comfort
I am a Razer fan, I already own a Razer wireless mouse and a keyboard so when it came time to replace my headset this was an obvious choice. Also I have to wear glasses in order to see and these are the first headphones that dont hurt my head by squeezing my glasses into my temples. At first use the sound quality was terrible when I played games (stuttering and lagging) but fine when listening to music. I spent about 4 days searching the internet and asking Razer support for help (they told me to delete & reinstall Synapse but that didnt fix it). I finally stumbled across an article on the Razer website with instructions on updating the software on the headphones and my problems went away entirely. Now I  LOVE these headphones wholeheartedly. Note that my spouse has a small head and they are not adjustable so she cant use them but for my typically sized head they fit well enough as long as I dont bend down. Thats mildly annoying but I dont bend much while gaming and the comfort is with the trade off to me. I use these at home, at work, and even while traveling. The best part is having the option to use wirelessly or with the cable depending on my needs at that moment. So far battery life has been better than expected.
I would definitely only recommend these to someone who felt strongly about wanting to get the wireless feature in particular. Its not a bad headset by any means, and I particularly love the way they designed a spot right into it to tuck away the USB receiver when its not in use so that you can either take them with you or just put it away properly without losing it. Sound quality for the sound that you hear is good, but not mind-blowing. When I tried them out with the mic, a couple of people commented to me (without me mentioning first that I was trying a new headset) that they thought I was less clear than usual (this is in comparison to a wired headset that costs about half as much). The size of them is a very mixed blessing. Its really nice for the sound, but it makes them feel unwieldy if youre not just staying in front of the computer all the time. Theyd probably feel absolutely ridiculous to wear out in public (though theyre not intended for that, so thats nothing to hold against them). I do really like the fact that they included good cables in the box, including the cables necessary to hook them up as a wired headset and cables for plugging them in to charge. Having the option of plugging in otherwise wireless cables is much appreciated since it offers a level of flexibility you wouldnt have with a purely wireless set. I should also add that, on aesthetics alone, many gamers will like them. This is particularly true of those who are loyal to Razer products in general, or who just have a strong affection for any product thats clearly designed to signal that youre a serious gamer. Having the lighted logo built in and being able to change the color of it is a nice touch. For pure pragmatic use as something to be next to a computer with, theyre a bit worse than the wired headset I typically use. Theyre heavier, the sound is a little better but not overwhelmingly so, the mic is apparently a bit worse in the opinions of the people I play with, the comfort is overall a bit worse (with the weight being the main issue), and they do (naturally) require the additional steps of making sure that I remember to plug them in to charge regularly if I want to be able to use them in wireless mode. On the other hand, its really nice sometimes to have the option of putting on a headset and then not thinking at all about where the wire is, and/or being able to just get up and walk around the room without worrying about missing something thats said or missing a cue that the next game is ready. In particular, I love having a wireless option around for days when Im making a point of being a little more active between games (even when thats just making a point of stretching my legs a bit during the matchmaking phase so that Im not sitting down *quite* so much) and its also really great for gaming days when my friends and I are taking frequent breaks due to interruptions, and I want to be able to do other things without missing someone saying that theyre ready for the next round. I would say that these are a great option to have, and if youre only going to have one headset available to you having a hybrid wireless/wired option is a really great way to get the best of all worlds. If your budget and space constraints are a bit tighter and youre fine with needing to keep the headset near the computer, though, or if you need something that absolutely values comfort over all other factors for potentially very long sessions, I would much sooner pick a good wired set where youll end up getting something that performs similarly or better for less money overall, and wont have to include the weight of all the additional electronic components that go into offering fancy lights, a battery, and the wireless feature itself.
I got these as an Xmas gift for my G-son. My G-son plays Fortnite in full chat mode … for hours. Hes got a mid tier headset but ear sweat, weight and mic fidelity are handicaps. Gaming headsets are a mixed bag. Price and "quality" dont necessarily correlate. So, I had to try them. My benchmark is my own Bose QC-35s. The first thing noticed is the cool gel pad, light weight and comfort. The sound quality is excellent and software adjustable. I didnt take the time to mess with THX, 7.1 etc … just the sound fidelity. In Fortnite, sound fidelity and direction is very important for survival.  This Razer Nari headset are significantly better than other gaming headsets. After neatly repackaging the headset, its good to go as an upgrade for him. Of course, thats my opinion which rarely carries much weight.
these sound and feel amaing. great bass and super comfortable
I started gaming this summer and went all in with Razer...2 mice, keyboard and the Nari.  Their Cortex and Synapse software worked so badly on my 6 month old i7 quad core 4K HP Envy loaded laptop that I finally removed it which negated any button programming possibilities on the mice.  The Nari failed pretty quickly.  Thumbs down on Razer.  So many other options to choose from.  Logitec is next for me since Ive been happy with their stuff for 20+ years.
These things are fantastic. Theyre very comfortable. Theyre super light on your head, just right clamping pressure, and the cooling gel-infused ear cups really does work. I have no heat build up as I wear these for 2+ hours quite often. My only gripe is the sound quality. Its amazing BUT youre gonna have to mess the EQ in Razer Synapse to make it sound good cause the setting out of the box are absolute trash, making your music and games sound like theyre from 2002. Other then that, amazing headphones and Ill probably purchase another pair for my PS4!
Leaving this review at one star until this issue is fixed.  Ive had the headset for about a week and everything sounded fine. Audio quality was amazing. The haptic feedback took some getting used to but i learned to love it. You could literally FEEL footsteps of enemies behind you. The virtual surround worked flawlessly. I was much better at pinpointing direction and distance of sounds in game. The headset is very comfortable and the battery life is great for what it does (though i did disable all lighting). But thats where the good ends. One morning all of a sudden the headset just stopped playing audio all together. It would just play a loud popping/ crackling noise. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers. Then uninstalling and reinstalling Razer Synapse 3. After trying over and hour to try and fix the issue, I realized that once i uninstalled Synapse and tested the audio, it worked. So im basically stuck with a pair of $200 Sterno headphones... I do not recommend buying this headset as of now. Not until they fix this issue. Edit: Ok so after speaking with customer support, we found out that a windows update somehow screwed up the software. A reinstall of windows fixed the issue. Im changing my rating to four stars because i love these headphones. But this should not be happening with a 200$ headset. I shouldnt have to completely reinstall windows and then have to re-download everything onto my computer because of a software issue after a windows update. PLEASE FIX THIS RAZER
The range is very good and so is over all sounds, just always keep your drivers updated through razer. would have loved to see a little bit more metal around the earphones but besides that they feel amazing to wear and have you don’t feel them after hours of gaming
Mic quality kinda sucks so that will take a little messing around with to get working well. The thx virtual surround seemed to cause an ever so faint crackling so i just turned it off and used the windows virtual surround and havent noticed it yet. The headset overall is pretty comfy, if you tend to look down at approximately -60 degrees or more then the headset will start to fall off, it will stay on through light headbanging though rougher movements will cause it to shift. No complaints on battery life so far. The controls take a bit to get used to but hey thats expected. tldr; crap mic, thx virtual surround may cause problems, pretty comfy, try not to thrash around.
The product seems great. The configuration is bit cumbersome as THX and normal modes and another chat mode comes in and need tome tweaking and setup to get the expected sound. Excellent wireless performance, the hypersense is awesome!
It is good as expected. No lag .
So I just bought these after reading some good reviews online. I got them and plugged them in, set everything up easily enough. The sound worked, but not the mic. I tried so many different things, and nothing worked. It just will not pic up any audio. As far as listening to music or a game, the sound quality is excellent, the haptics are actually pretty neat, and the headset itself is pretty comfortable. But as of now, theyre just nice expensive headphones. Tech support emailed me a list of steps that I had basically already completed, but did them once again to be sure. And the final step was just to do a return. Will be returning to amazon and hopefully a new pair will work. If it does, I will update my review. EDIT - After receiving my replacement headset through amazon, the mic worked immediately after plugging the headset in. As of now, the only complaint is that the sound quality from the mic is not the greatest according to friends in discord, being comparable to the sound quality of the microphone from a pair of iPhone headphones.
I do not understand the poor reviews for this headset. The first second I put them on my head I knew they were different. The sound is like having huge old school cerwin Vega speakers. The sound is full from the lowest end of the spectrum to the highest. I love the bass. It makes music and gaming more enjoyable for me. despite other people giving poor reviews I give this a five star rating at full price. I have at least 12 headsets and this one has the best quality sound.
I love this product cuz of the vibrations and I dislike the vibrations on that same note certain song like hip hop and techno sound great and games like shooters r amazing directional audio I pretty good the highs r great little to no mids tho due to bass but in certain games where its not so hectic it basses too much but I mainly play shooters and listen to hip hop so its outstanding to me
Very comfortable, the surround sound works surprisingly well. The software suite is pretty robust. I highly recommend these.
Sound quality is unique. Its the best sound out there for bassy headset enthusiasts. This experience is so immersive for gaming that you feel enemy steps surrounding you.
EQ: First of all I gotta say I never managed to get the EQ to sound true or have that good mid range without sounding a little hollow.  My astro A50s are much better for me in this regard.  Secondly I gotta say I could not possibly care less about this as the haptic functionality in gaming is so cool that my A50s have been sitting docked since I got these.  I admit I am not an audiophile so I suppose my criticism on mid range sound quality means little and less but I wanted to be honest. Haptics: The haptics are the coolest immersive addition to my PC gaming and I cant shutup about how cool these are.  My friend at work told me about them and since I love trying new tech I gave them a try.  Imagine playing a mech game and feeling the vibration of your heavy machine running on the ground in the base of your neck.  (Not painfully just present, unless you max the haptics in which case it can be too much.)  You can adjust the intensity of the vibration and the coolest thing about it is the vibrations are not either on or off, but they match the vibration frequency of the sound in the game.  Like a low frequency sound wave slowly vibrates, and thus the haptics vibrate slowly (exact to the sound they are matching in as far as I can tell) and feel accurate to the sound you are hearing so that you feel it like you were there.  It is incredibly cool.  When you take off with your afterburners you feel the air cutting vibrations of your jet or mech slightly moving your neck and head.  Also the surround sound functions work great and it works with Dolby Atmos. Cost: These are expensive.  I think thats basically an early adopter cost for new tech, but even if thats not the case I find myself finding reasons to use these even when I would otherwise just use speakers because I really enjoy them, not just the justification of the cost.
Would like a little more adjustment with Hypersense as you can only currently make jumps in numbers in adjustments (by  big numbers versus little numbers)
I owned the following wireless headsets (in chronological order): Razer Man O war - Great sound.  Bad mic and connectivity issues. Astro A50 - They were bad (sound, mic, and comfort).  I returned them because my ears hurt after 30mins. Razer Thresher Ultimate - Great sound, but had issues with the mic and lacked EQ support in PC. Steelseries Arctis 7 & Pro - Best mic out of the bunch.  Pro has best sound for music & movies (10hz - 40khz drivers!!). Razer Nari - Best gaming sound, decent mic, and chatmix dial. Im really happy Razer decided to put a chatmix dial on their Nari headsets.  Gamers will understand. Sound reproduction is great and makes gaming super immersive. The only thing Ill miss from my Arctis Pro is the audio out port. This port connects to your speakers for sound when the headsets are turned off. -Mic wasnt picking up any sound- Device manager in windows showed everything was running fine...  What the heck?! Sound settings (synapse, windows sound, and mic privacy settings) all checked OK. All I had to do was update the firmware. Firmware updater can be downloaded @ Razers support page.
For as long as Ive played games Ive tried alot of headphones; turtle beach, astro, Triton, hyperx, afterglow, you name it Ive tried it. I stayed away from razer for awhile due to the basic headset designs for a slightly higher price (7.1, 5.1, mixamps) however these are arguable the best headphones Ive ever had. The sound quality is fantastic (not as good as the Astros I had, but these are a third of the cost). The fact the USB connection is so simple and can be stored in the headset is FANTASTIC. I can swap from PC to ps4 in moments as compared to with the Astros I had to reconnect the optic cable, USB, aux, etc and it was a huge hassle. Batter life is average, about a charge every night to every other night (with chroma active). The mic is good and retractable which is cool. Theyre very comfortable and I can easily wear them for hours without feeling that pressure on your head. The special sound is interesting. I find myself able to identify players locations by sound better than people with 7.1 surround sound. Its very clear where they are (depending on game of course). Also the fact you can use Razer Synapse to tune the headset is FANTASTIC. Cranked the bass up and you can feel the impact of every shot you take and every impact near or on you. All in all, fantastic headset, if you have the money for it grab it
Listening to other headsets are sad after experiencing these. I love the haptics on these. I was worried that they’d be a gimmick, but after using these for a bit, I can’t go without them. They are the best with games. Most music sounds great with these too. My only complaints with them are the battery life (getting 7 hours) and the sound quality which is still pretty good, but not near the quality of audiophile headsets which you can get for the same price, although remember this is a gaming headset. My biggest complaint however is that you can only change the settings of the haptics on a computer. I wish they just included a wheel for it on the headset because there are times when they’re too much or weird for some content. Overall though, these are still awesome and if they make an updated version of these with a wheel on the headset to change the haptics, they’ll be a must have.
The Razer Nari Ultimate is the ultimate gaming headset.  And, like most products that claim to be the ultimate, you pay perhaps 3 times as much for 10% more features or performance.  Thats life in the high performance world. And, like most high performance products, it does not necessarily work like a swiss army knife.  Ive heard the complaints that it isnt good for music, or online streaming or whatever.  Ive been a fan of high performance computer products for a while, and here is the point:  If you buy a ferrari, then, you shouldnt write reviews about fuel economy, problems installing car seats, or whatever.  Seriously.  If you buy an alienware laptop it logically wont be as small and light as a chromebook.  Somehow, this never stops people from making the comparison. The sound and the effects from this headset are fantastic.  They are tailored to playing, believe it or not, games.  Just as Razers mouse is.  Just like the keyboard is.  None of these items are tailored to the "office crowd".  The sweeping strings of a cut scene will sound amazing, and an explosion will vibrate your ears in a fashion that is somewhat reminiscent of real life.  Would you want to use those features while you were playing music?  ofc no. The battery life on this unit was amazing.  I really thought it was excellent.  The mic stores away easily, if you are transporting it or just worried about leaving it loose so it can break.  The dongle fits happily into the headphones as well. Normally at this stage of the interview I break into a discussion about value.  But here is the point.  This is supposed to be the standard to which all other headsets are measured.  And i think it lives up to that reputation.  Yes, you can spend half the money and get a great value.  If thats what youre about, you probably arent reading this review anyway. Overall I think This is a fantastic product.  I would really recommend it for someone who wanted an amazing headset, and who wasnt worried about the coin they would drop to get it.
Excellent headphones. Very comfortable over long durations of use. Wireless range is fantastic. Just wish the battery lasted longer and the included charging cable was longer.
My son reports that these gaming headphones are awesome. They have excellent sound quality and are comfortable to wear for long periods. I am disappointed that they arent easily converted to be used with other devices, not just USB, but Im told thats kind of standard with gaming headphones?
I get migraines pretty bad. With other headsets, that squeeze my head I can only use them for an hour at best before getting a headache. I wore this head set for 9 hours. That is insane for me! I love these headphones. And the mic quality is great for gaming too!
I was curious what would happen if I plugged the usb dongle for the headset to be wireless in my USB c hub while connected to my S10+ and the sound came through amazingly clear with bass busting face features and Dolby Atmos, go to your sound settings and advanced settings and you get control of the amazing sound.  I then thought maybe I should try the USB c to USB a adapter the phone came with to transfer from 1 phone to another and created an amazing free wireless adapter for this amazing headset!!! Definitely recommend!!
These are a little pricey but if you are looking for the best sound quality this is it
Bought it for my gf and she loves it. Ive tried it and it works pretty great. Have to make some minor adjustments out of the box to get it to your preferences. After that is really good.
These are great headphones—but you won’t get your $200 worth out of them unless you intend to use them with a PC. That’s because most of the cool features—and even the wireless capability—won’t work with other devices. It’s especially irritating that Razer’s product information totally glosses over this fact; its site gushes about all of the fancy features, but you have to dig through the PDF manual (which you can, thankfully, download from its site) to determine which features work with which platforms, and even then, it isn’t very clear. I’d like to see a nice, comprehensive table of specs explaining very clearly which features work on which platforms. Is that too much to ask of a $200 product? Hmmn, Razer marketing department? So, to sum: If you have a Nintendo Switch (or, I think, a Microsoft Xbox), you can’t connect wirelessly, because the 2.4GHz wireless dongle requires a driver, which can only be installed on a Windows PC. The headset does not have Bluetooth, so forget about connecting to your Switch using one of those Bluetooth add-on devices for your Switch. You’ll be using a cable. Also, if you’re using a Switch, you don’t get the fancy haptics feedback or the virtual surround sound. If you’re wanting headphones to use with a Switch, I’d recommend something like the SteelSeries Arctis 3, which cost about a third what these do. We own both, and while we do agree that the Nari Ultimate’s sound better, it’s not a night-and-day difference. We do have some nice things to say about the Nari Ultimates, though. They’re comfortable (though they’re so huge that they can start to feel heavy after a long time). The cooling gel works well (the Arctis 3s can get a little hot after a while). The top band is comfortable enough, though it could be better. The microphone is retractable, but it might be a tad short for some people. To recap, we really like these headphones—but they aren’t worth the money if you’re using a Switch, and the slippery marketing bugs the crap out of me.
My son loves this headset.  He uses it primarily with his PC.  Set up was easy once we realized that the dongle was stored in the headset. (that what we get for skipping the instructions) He hasnt had any problems with it running out of battery even on the weekend days that he is allowed to play for long periods. The sound comes across loud and clear and he has not had any problems with the mic. The headset itself is huge and super comfortable. As a mom, I like it less than he does since he can no longer hear  me when I yell for him from upstairs.
I have a similar headset for my Xbox, so I was already familiar with the brand and their trappings.  During setup, i was a bit frustrated with having to first connect via my PC to get software to configure features for my PS4.  Software on a disc or small memory stick that would be included in the box would have been preferable. On the (very) positive side, I was very impressed with the comfort.  Nice memory phone cushions enable one to wear these for a long time.  If it is warm in the house, they can be a bit hot, but I usually game with a fan running.  These are a bit heavier than my Xbox headset, but not all that noticeable on my head. The sound is quite good.  I mostly use the surround sound directional option on my with my PS4 and I doo feel like I am in the middle of things.  The controls offer a good bit of variability from game to game. Ive used the haptic feedback, and find it trippy in FPS and action games, but it can be a bit distracting in RPGs and adventures.  I generally leave this off. I only use a mic in games on my Xbox, so I cannot speak to hiw well it works.  It is a nice feature that the mic coild back onto the left ear cup when not in use. I also liked that the USB dongle stores in the headset.  This should help prevent its loss. The one "nit-picky" thing I would comment on is the green logo on the earcups.  Since this headset is aimed at the PC & PS4, it seems odd choice to use the "Xbox green."  Oddly enough,  my Xbox headset has grey logos.  Go figure.  Not a deterrent, but an odd design choice. P.S.  This headset does present a wired option which many headsets for consoles do not.  A nice touch.
These are great headphones for gaming. Primary and ambient sounds are very good and you can hear rich explosions or helpful minute sounds like grass displacement when playing FPS or similar games. The surround effect is well executed and when combined with the excellent haptic feedback, creates a truly immersive gaming experience.  The pads are very comfortable and remain so even throughout long marathon gaming sessions. I’ve used these on both PC and PS4 and they work great on both.  The only downside to this headset is with music. I tried using them to listen to Spotify on PC and the sound leaves a lot to be desired, even after extensive EQ tweaking. My verdict is great for gaming, ho-hum for music. If you need a truly versatile headset for both music and gaming, that’s not a particular strong suit for this headset. That’s the only reason I couldn’t give them five stars.
This was what my nephew ordered for his gaming needs. Before sending it to him as a gift, my son tested it and approves.
The build quality is good. The sound quality is pretty good. The “haptic drivers” seem like a gimmick but they really make you feel more in tune with the game world. They’re also good for music with a light, thumping base.
Headphones are great, I don’t use the microphone on it, though, because the quality of the microphone is terrible. Other than the mic, they’re great
I’ve had this head set for the past few days now and I would like to say this is the best headset I’ve ever bought. Right out of the box I didn’t need to change any of the auto settings. I did change the Hypersense setting to 100% but found that I preferred this setting at 80%. I played a few games of call of duty with these and I can tell you that when you are in the game, you can hear everything around you without an issue. With the hypersense on you could feel the explosions around you and at times you can feel the bullets pass you as well. There are many great thing about this headset but, nothing is perfect. If you plan on watching a video or movie with these I would recommend that you turn off the Hypersense option because there are times that the headset will vibrate when it is just someone talking. This mainly happens when is a man with a deep voice talking. The other issue I have with this headset is that it doesn’t clamp down on my head as much as I would like. If you shake your head a lot when you listen to music then, this headset might fall off. The last issue I have is that you cannot use these wirelessly on the Xbox one or on the switch, you need to use them with the included 3.5 mm jack. Other than these small issues I give this headset a five star. Pros Great sound quality The hypersense function is awesome Doesn’t get hot on your head Blocks out lots of noise in your background Solid build quality Cons They don’t clamp on your head tight enough Cannot use them wirelessly on xbox one or nintendo switch Hypersense feature can give false readings during movies or videos $200 price tag
When i first heard the HyperSense tech. i loved it. But after hearing it for 15 min. i felt nauseous and i had a bad headache. After experiencing this I returned the item. I have alwasys been a big fan of razer product, but this is the only thing i have not liked. Other then the Hypersense tech. The material and build quality for this headset was amazing.
Out of the box, these headphones look and feel like a million bucks! The build is solid and durable. They look incredible, with the gently glowing Razer emblem (with selectable color and other settings). The cooling gel cushions make them very comfortable, even during long sessions of play or music listening. When used in tandem with the Razer app on my PC, I can get remarkably good stereo imaging. Sound movement in the headset seems to match what I’m seeing on my screen very well. The sound enhancement feature, which adds a vibration to the headset when there is loud and dramatic sound in a game, is great when I’m playing, not so great when I’m just listening to music.  I can reduce or eliminate the vibration by lowering the volume, but I wish there was an option to turn that off. The mic works fine - it is sensitive and produces clear voice for great communication. Overall, these are terrific headphones for gaming, watching movies, or just listening to music.
These were a gift for my son who is a hard core gamer.  After going through several pair of other brands, this is the best headset he’s ever owned.  What’s most appreciated is the quality construction.  The metal headband should last until the speakers wear out. Pros:  Excellent Sound, rugged construction, good microphone Cons: None.  Other reviewers have had problems with the mic working via USB on a PC, but on the PS4 this is not an issue.
In many ways these headphones are terrific.  They are very comfortable.  I love the retractable microphone.  They work fine for games with good directionality.  Unfortunately to me there is something missing from the sound, a bit of brightness I would expect.  For listening to music I dont care for these, for games OK.  At this price point they should come with a carrying case, and they dont.
I had received the Nari a few months ago now and have been using it multiple times a week since I received it. It has performed very well in my opinion compared to some of the other headsets I have owned in the past. Pros: The headset itself is nice and light so it does not put any strain on my head. The cooling gel is a nice plus for long gaming sessions. There is plenty of space for your ears (I have big ears so other headsets have put pressure on them causing them to hurt after extended use). Cons: The charge isnt crazy long on these. I find that I need to recharge them in between each gaming session but for the most part they do last. Additionally, I wish the charging cable was just a tad longer so that when it needs to be charged there will be ample space for movement as some locations of the actual PC may limit how far you can move with it being plugged in.
The haptic feedback is mind blowing especially in FPS games. I’ve never experienced such immersion from any headset before.
This headset gets a lot of shade but I think this is one of the best wireless headsets ever. (I bought the Nari wireless btw)
First off, these headphones are crazy comfortable on the ear. Unfortunately, I have a small head, so they hang lower on my head than I would like. Razer says they auto adjust, but Id like a little more control there. Especially since they are absolutely HUGE. Now, they charge up pretty quickly and hold their charge well. Which is great, because once you start gaming with them, you wont want to stop. The rumble really does pull you into the scene. I played No Mans Sky with them and it made the starships engines come alive. How fun! In addition, they sound great with general music listening, too. (Again, I just wish they had more control over the sizing.) The wireless works great! I plugged and played them on my Windows 10 machine with no problems. I did not install Razers additional Synapse software, relying purely on their drivers. I used to use their Firefly + Mamba combo and found the Synapse software buggy. The headphones work fine without it. (Take a look at the Razer website and learn more if youre worried about missing out.) One thing Im bummed about is that I could not get these to work with my Xbox One. I tried wireless to no avail. And then I tried using the 3.5mm cable plugged into my Xbox Elite controller. Still nothing. The descriptions claims they work with Xbox, but Im not seeing it. As a result, I have not tried the microphone, as I only play multiplayer on Xbox One. All in all, I really like these and plan to continue using them. Ill update this review if Im ever able to get them to work on the Xbox One.
No opinion as it was a gift for my grandson who loves it
A lot of people hate how big these are, but I kind of enjoy looking like an astronaut. They fit well and feel quite comfortable with even weight distribution, though there is no mechanism to ‘lock’ them into place so they don’t pass the shake test unless I’m wearing a beanie. Just be aware that if you reach down to pick up your controller or something from the floor, these might slip from the comfy position and potentially fall off your head. They sound fantastic and have a highly customizable EQ and effect profiles that are easy to switch between if you have a PC. No Mac support is a bummer at present time but that may change in the future with Synapse. The button layout is nice and everything feels responsive, but a wheel to adjust haptic feedback on the fly would have been better. I really like the retractable and flexible mic with a red Mute indicator light at the tip. Some people hate the mic, but it works well enough and is decently clear for myself, the casual gamer. This headset may not be the best for $200 but I absolutely love the gimmick of having what feels like a subwoofer strapped to my head. It really does change everything and feels so much more immersive in gaming so it is worth the extra $$$ in my opinion. Keep in mind that these are a wireless GAMING HEADSET so there is no Bluetooth support for your phone but a 3.5mm cable is included in the box if you want to take them away from your console. Build quality, sound quality, mic quality, EQ accessibility, battery life, and overall design are all 7/10 but the haptic feedback feature alone makes my experience a 10/10 so I would highly recommend if you’re into it. Every other headset feels boring now so I would at least give them a chance if you can demo them in store.
These headphones are great for gaming with some adjustments made from using the computer to custom setup the headset
The sound is crystal clear, loud, and immersive, all while providing the best bass Ive ever experienced. They are comfortable and cancel all outside noise. The microphone is built in, and retracts inside. The wireless range is short, but consistent. Overall a fantastic headset. The downsides I found are the audio loop in the mic (so you know how loud you are talking) is so quiet. I can hardly notice it during gameplay. Also, the mic has no windguard, so too much air movement, like a nearby fan makes a lot of noise. Also, the headphones have a lot of custimzation options that I feel the need to adjust them for certain games, music, etc. These headphones can do everything, but you might have to make software changes through Synopsis (provided software.) If you dont like messing with settings too much, this feature might annoy you. Overall, however, I wouldnt go with any other headset.
I know there are a lot of amazing wired headphones out there for gaming -- my son has two of them -- but bluetooth headsets are something you dont realize how badly you need until you get it. And man, this sucker delivers. Basically, a pair of headphones has to do a few things right. In addition to good audio quality (which every set of headphones should be delivering), it needs to keep ambient sound out while being comfortable. The Nari does all this and more. It has haptics, which is an experience. More important, I never really cared about audio much in games until I began playing Fortnite. Fortnite demands you listen to audio cues -- its how you can find chests and vending machines as well as detect enemies -- and having an excellent sound system gives you a definite advantage over the competition. This headset does a fantastic job on that front. Unfortunately, it seems theres a problem with the microphone. For $200, the cost of a small appliance, these headphones should work flawlessly. I dont use voice chat, but the problem is pervasive on the Internet, so it looks like Razer has some work to do before this headset justifies its cost.
It will be hot in ur ear fast
Comfortable ear cushions with the cooling gel feel great and I can wear these for long periods.  They work well and have good, crisp audio quality.
I was on the fence about the Nari Ultimate but bought it on a whim as a money splurge because I liked the idea of the haptic feature and the THX flavor. I was expecting a lot of things but I never expected what I got. Once you get everything set up and get the haptic feedback to a setting you like (mine is at 50 or 60 depending on my mood, scales from off or 20-100) then its............revolutionary I think? Its REALLY weird to get used to the sensation of vibration-infused base but once you do it adds a tone to your audio that you honestly wouldnt ever realize you were missing but once you do youre not sure how youre ever gonna live without it. I think, just like 60fps video, the haptics are something that will get mixed reactions but honestly Im a big fan of this.
Ill start out by saying that I dont use the microphone function of headsets (except at work for VOIP calling) so I cant comment on that feature. I CAN say that all the other features are outstanding. First of all you have sound. I didnt think Id see another headset that could outperform the Corsair wireless headset any time soon but this headset does it easily in terms of sound quality. The big annoyance with the Corsair was that you had to have it plugging in charging while connected wirelessly while the device charged. This headset has BOTH wireless and analog (headphone jack) connectivity and sound quality is outstanding! Unfortunately you cant listen to these while you charge using the analog connection due to insanely loud feedback if its plugged in to the computer through both charging cable and headphone jack at once. These are beautifully balanced and music and games sound great. Comfort is even better than the Corsair thanks to the cooling foam and slightly better cushioning. The usb wireless transceiver literally plugs into a recession in the headset so theres no chance of losing it when you arent using it (yes!) and the microphone retracts instead of detaching. These guys are big and bulky but thats what you get when your drivers arent tiny garbage with no space to resonate. Overall I love this headset (didnt expect that) but the price is INSANE compared with alternatives such as the Corsair. So I would say if you catch them on sale somewhere for half price go for it, or if you have a Razer fan and have money to burn (and dont use microphone functionality). Ill be updating my review if I find any problems putting the device through its paces in the various modes (analog, wireless, video game console, PC).
For Battlefield V and The Division (yea, I still play it...) these are fantastic.  The haptic drivers respond to bass, unlike rumble controllers that respond to software telling them to, well, rumble. The cooling gel actually works and is surprisingly comfortable, and the over ear design is roomy - even for my big ears - they dont touch my ears at all, unlike several other pair of over-ear phones I have. The programmable color LED logos on either side are cool, but do nothing for me. They even go as far an enabling it to work with the Phillips Hue LED lighting system.  You get two basic effects and static color, as well as brightless. If you install the "Chroma Studio" you can fully customize the colors and effects. I like that the USB dongle is stored INSIDE the headset - and the dongle contains software and drivers. Great for portable gaming.  However - the software obviously only works on Windows PCs. The feedback - love it on some games, hate it with most music, useless on many games. For example - shooting a gun, tossing a grenade, getting hit in a melee - all provide feedback.  Unfortunately so do loud footsteps and so on. I wound up turning it down to 30%. You control the headset in the Razer Synapse software - the headset only appears when turned on, and all changes can be saved to profiles. When the mic is off, theres a red ring that lights up. When its on - no ring. Would have been cool if there was a green ring for on.  The mic works well - I have no problems with using it wirelessly. Even with sensitivity set to low it still picks up the TV audio, but admittedly its pretty loud. "Sidetone" is another great feature - want to hear your voice over the mic? Turn it on. Control the volume. Dont want to hear yourself? Turn it off. One confusing part is the way Windows manages audio devices.  These headphones show up twice - once as "headphones" (works) and again as "headset earphones" (does not work.)  Plus I have three HDMI monitors, and each of these shows up as an audio device. So is it worth the premium price?  If you love FPS, yes - its a blast. Like gimmicky tech? Check. If you want fantastic audio quality, there are better phones available for less money. But you wont get the colors, wireless mic or vibrating skull when you nuke the site from space. Its the only option.
I ordered these gaming headphones for my son, who is the gamer in the family. He is very happy with them. The sound is crisp and clean, and the retractable mic is great. He had no problems setting them up or using them. The only comment/small concern he had was that the mic is very sensitive and picks up random noises in the room, which can interfere with the voice on the mic. So if you primarily want a perfect gaming headset for chatting, you might want to try other brands, as well. If chatting is not a huge priority for you, these headphones work great and are very versatile when it comes to use with different game sets as well as a PC. Overall, he recommends this set of Razer Nari headphones.
These got positive response from a gamer. Although they are a bit heavy and bulky, they are very comfortable. They may not be suitable for those with smaller heads. The sound quality is great for gaming but are not audiophile quality sound if you are listening to anything with detailed mid-treble range. They are on the pricey side for the quality. Instructions are vague. I think the comfort of the pads is the most distinctive advantage of these.
First off, the sound from this thing is pretty good.  Explosions, bass all come through strong and the higher end is nice and clear.  To my ears, I cant complain.  The headphones are the bulkiest Ive ever worn, but the padding is good and overall its not uncomfortable to wear.  Ive made it through multiple hour gaming sessions without being bothered. It looks solidly built.  I havent tested this, but I feel like you could step on it or drop it from a height and it would probably hold up.  Connectors are all thick and durable. It was very easy to use, no matter which system I tried it on.  Practically plug and play.  I did have to go into settings and manually switch over to the headphone speakers and mic, but thats pretty easy to do.  After that, it seemed to remember the headphones and switched over to them when I plugged it back in. Included were a charging cable and an aux cable for listening to things like your phone that arent compatible with the USB.  They are adequately long and like the headphones are well made. The rumble feature is interesting.  I preferred not using it.  The rumble effect wasnt too strong, it didnt rattle my head or anything, but in games with a lot of music or gunfire and explosions it doesnt really stop.  I kind of found it annoying, but I didnt take off any stars for it.  Even without it, this is a great pair of headphones that lived up to the premium price they are charging.  The fact that they were able to deliver on making it compatible and easy to use with so many systems makes it a good item for the hardcore gamer that has all this stuff, IMHO.
These earphones produce great sound.  There are no dropouts at all.  The rumble feature is a bit too strong.  It is adjustable but we found the rumble felt on your head to be unnecessary.  You can turn it off so that eliminates any problem. This is the best wireless set weve had and are glad we have it.
These sound and feel great. I want to get the ultimate.
Wow!!
Good product.
Battery 2 ends in 3 hours. Product quality, battery trouble.
I upgraded to these from another pair of wireless headphones,  the sound is great and I dont get the cut outs I was getting with my other pair.  The only issue is the weight.  I wear headphones most of the day and these I have to take off often to give my head a break.
Lo mejor de lo mejor
I am listening (wired) right now to Fanfare for the Common Man - a classical piece with some heavy tympani and bass drum.  The headphones are actually vibrating as if my head was touching the drums.  Cool!  Its not distracting and seems to happen only at very low frequencies - like a subwoofer.  This headset is very impressive at reproducing music.  I am comparing with a set of and .  Theres really no comparison -- the Razer Nari Ultimate headset blows both of them away in musical clarity, presense and bass reproduction.  The vibrations at low frequencies is a bonus; even without that, Razer just sounds better to my ears.  I like how the USB transceiver stows away in the headset so its easy to find and difficult to lose. A couple things I would fix - the headphones are light and fit OK, but feel a bit loose.  The ear cups are very large and feel like a size 11 shoe on a size 8 foot.  Part of that might be the headband, which you cant really manually adjust -- it is spring-loaded so it just sits on your head without much pressure.  The Brainwavz HM9 fits much more snugly, for comparison. The headset does not fold up and does not come with a storage case.  At this price. I would expect a hard case to store the headset in with a place for its wires, like the Brainwavz. I did not install the Razer Synapse software, because it requires you to register to use it.  It controls the lights and some other sound settings that I am not interested in.  I assume these features are only available for PC gaming since its a Windows application -- it would not apply for our XBox One. Update 12/22/18:  We found out today that the headset does NOT work on a wireless XBox One controller, and you cannot use the USB transceiver with the XBox either.  You must have a wired controller connected to the console and the headset connected to the controller with a wire.  There is nothing in the user guide, the ad copy or on their web site that mentions this.  That could be a major issue for some players, so I thought Id mention it.
I do a lot of audio editing and spend a ton of time on Skype and Zoom calls, so great headphones are a must. While the system requirements say that these headphones are Windows only, I got for use on my MacBook Pro. I simply plugged the 2.4 GHz USB adapter into my Mac and selected the appropriate sound output destination in System Preferences and I was good to go. Ive had a number of gaming headsets and have always been annoyed by the boom microphone constantly dangling in front of my face. Razer gets bonus points for designing a headset with a microphone that is actually retractable. I have yet to figure out what the max battery life is, but Ive used these headphones for 4-5 hour stints and they were still going strong after a full charge. Another delightful surprise was that the cooling gel infused earpads actually keep your ears cool. I guess there still is some truth in marketing copy after all. After a few days of use, I must admit this is the best gaming headset Ive used thus far. Razer definitely went above and beyond with this one. Highly recommended! 5 stars.
Ive had a razer kraken v1 certified refurbished for about 2 years no problem...great sound...awesome mic, but I wanted to go wireless. So I threw up some money for the Razer Nari. I got it and set it all up...charge...configure...etc...Started up a movie to test out the sound and thats where my experience went down hill. The sound was just okay. I mean, there are equalizer presets for the headset and can also customize it too. I couldnt find a good combo to get the quality out of the Nari I got from the Kraken(turning into a kraken hype post)…Messed around with the settings for a while and opened up a game. Things were just off with just about everything...Im talking games like Black Ops 4 or Battlefield 5 where it really helps to know which side footsteps or gunfire is coming from. So same thing with adjusting settings back and forth. Again, with the Kraken(hype) I hadnt had that problem at all...surround sound was great. Now comes the super ultra sensitive mic...picked up everything. I had noise cancellation..this, that, and the other. I tried to auto adjust the sensitivity...manually tune it...nothing seemed to help it. Either it was too sensitive or it didnt pick up anything at all...I use Discord as my voip. Other people told me the mic made sound like I have a nasal voice. Once again, I mess with the settings. Try different usb ports for the BT receiver. Turn things on and off like the razer synapse settings and the discord settings for the mic options. Nothing seemed to work as well as the KRAKEN!!! Maybe I should have bought another Kraken...eh... So after messing around with it for a couple weeks...trial and error(mostly error)...I sent it back. Lost some money on it but the quality just wasnt there for me. I ended up going with a competitor that has their wireless headset priced the same as the Nari. Wont name names or anything...*cough*...however, the mic is great...the sound is great...Im just overall happier with it. One good thing about the Nari I really liked. It was light and extremely comfortable. I wear glasses and I have an above normal sized head. 5 stars on that part.
O Love it
BestHeadsetEver
(I bought it directly from Razer) Razer isnt usually a favorite in the high-end department, but this headset changes it all. 360 degree sound, plus vibrations (It gives you goosebumps sometimes though!) I couldnt be happier with build quality, because unlike the Man O War, the headband is metal and wont break. Wireless has low latency. Average battery life ~ 8 hours with RGB and haptics. Sound quality is the best in Razers lineup, but still barely falls short to other brands like Sennheiser. The Nari Ultimates microphone is the best in the gaming department! Its very clear and seems to cut out my breathing when Im not talking. On the earcups you have game/chat balance and volume along with the little cubby for the wireless adapter (Great feature if you dont like losing those tiny things.) In my opinion, I think the design is great. Bonus: Works with 3.5mm analog too. I do have some dislikes though: Only works with Synapse 3 Haptic strength is based on volume if you dont have Synapse 3 (Or you are using something like a music player which cant run the software.) Haptics can be annoying with music player or phones, but if your volume isnt maxxed out there isnt a problem. The headset is colossal Mic isnt full rgb Poor fit for tiny ears
It charges fast and lasts long
Just about everything is great with the nari. I am a little disappointed as to the sound quality of the microphone and there is this weird beeping that goes off every now and then. And it’s not beeping to tell me the battery is low bc it happens throughout the entire life of  the battery.
The Razer Nari Wireless: THX Spatial Audio - Cooling Gel-Infused Cushions - 2.4GHz Wireless Audio are really good gaming headphones. First, they are comfortable. They do not push on your face too much, and I believe I could wear them longer that I would other headphone brands.  Second, they are wireless—the USB dongle is actually in the headphone, so you it pop out when needed and put away safely when it is not needed (I think this is a genius solution).  The headphones can be used with the supplied wire.  Third, they sound good right out of the box; however, as some other reviewer mentioned, the EQ can be customized, and I recommend you do this. I felt they were heavy on the bass and lacked in the highs, but that can be resolved.  Finally, like most Razer products, the logo can change colors. I do not care about this, personally, since I cannot see that color when it is on my head. Overall, these are high quality headphones that appear to be better than the competition in the same price range.
The look and feel of this headset is simply decadent. They are beautifully made, sturdy and comfortable in the extreme, with a few decorative flourishes that make them more than a little dominating when worn in a competitive setting. Looks arent everything - so Razer has packed in superior tone, volume and separation for excellent sound response, whether Im listening to music, watching a movie, or playing a game.  The wireless connection between these and my gaming laptop has been flawless. I love it that the wifi dongle stows in a spot right on the headset so it is easy to keep track of! And the microphone conveniently retracts into the set too when Im not using it. The Razer Synapse application gives you incredible control of the headsets features too - from shifting the color of the subtle lights on the earpieces to designing the spread of your sound for optimal separation and movement. The Razer Nari is simply a powerful, beautiful and great sounding head set.
Ive been using this for playing Fallout 76 on the PS4. Setup couldnt have been easier. Sound quality is amazing. Its very easy to tell which direction a sound is coming from. The mic is great. Teammates all day that they can hear me very clearly. I love that it retracts into the headset when not in use. Mute feature with bright red light is great for bathroom breaks. Its very flexible and easy to position. Headphones are very comfortable. Play for hours without issue. They stay surprisingly cool. They dont heat up like the Sony headsets. No sweaty ears! Feel like the sound quality is even better than the $300 Sony set I was using.
I owned a Man O War headset before this one.  The Nari is built way better than Man O War.  The same sound quality is still present.  Excellent headset.  Great wireless connectivity with more than ample range.  Snyapse 2.0 does not recognize the set but its not a huge deal.  Still give it a 5 star because of the comfort, sound, and build quality.
defiantly money well spent i love the coolant gel in the head phone every time i put them on i feel relaxed, but the best feature is the BASE!!! these headphones rumbles you whole head its great for music when im listening to 21 salvage and its great when im playing Pub G
Nice
This is a great gaming headset, however it is limited for general purpose PC usage. It offers clear voice, long term comfort, and easy to use controls. Nevertheless, it does not produce music at the same quality, and the software is less than stellar. The headset is recognized as two separate devices, one for audio only, and one as a chat headset. This allows distinct controls of the two, along with a simple mixing knob on the earpiece. The overall quality of gaming was great, and the software option to increasing voice clarity worked really well. I was able to hear more nuances in the environment and the NPCs while gaming. The software, in addition to basic EQ controls and voice clarity, allows spatial sound thru THX headphone emulation. While the Atmos option was missing, Windows itself now offers that as a separate (paid) addon for all headset. That being said, there were several issues. First the software setup requires signing up for an online account even to use the basic controls. Also it offered some kind of a crypto mining software for using idle cpu during updates. That is not good. Additionally it is interrupted with very frequent updates, which do not seem to bring any additional functionality. And even after fiddling with EQ controls a lot, I was not able to get good quality for music. The bass was too muffled (it is not weak, it just did not sound right). Overall I would recommend it primarily for gaming. However if you are looking for an all around PC headset there are better options.
Awesome build and comfort. Low quality sound for the price.
If you want to hear good HD sounds with THX effects and communicate freely with friends during the game this is the ticket.  Works with most gaming systems and with PC so not tied to a specific platform.  The fit is not bad and with memory foam padding its comfortable.  You cant get perfect comfort with any over the ear phones, but this is better than most.  Good immersion too if you are using the VR rigs for your PS4, the special sounds put you right in the game.  I play something that had a high tech looking gun controller, and you drop into a world of giant spiders and such in a cave.  You can see the weapon and it tracks with you physically as you aim it.  The sound is incredible when used with that game and the VR rig.  Another haunted building type game on VR is downright terrifying at night with this headphone, the sounds coming behind or on the side make you jump every step of the way. The phones are well constructed, and have the features youd expect on a high quality set.  The five stars is for the total package, there are obviously studio quality phones with better sound, but for gaming or normal enjoyment this is the best Ive seen, not as clunky as some more expensive units Ive had in the past.  Recommended for gamers both console and PC.
The Razer Nari is a solid wireless gaming headset. There is no noticeable sound lag. The surround sound functionality works well and the sound quality is good though not spectacular. The lighting features work fine, and the configuration software looks slick and, while its a little confusing to navigate, includes expected functionalities like game-specific lighting and equalization profiles. The headphones are not light, but theyre not exceptionally heavy either. The auto-adjusting headband works OK, but if youre like me you might like a little more control over where the headphones sit on your head. The microphone can be kept up and out of the way and it can also be adjusted for how close it sits to your mouth. The wireless receiver is small and can plug into any handy USB port. The receiver can also be kept securely in the body of the headphones between uses. (The main reason to unplug it, if youre not short of USB ports, is so you dont have to manually switch audio outputs.) An interesting feature of these headphones is that they have both a volume dial and a chat/game audio balance dial. Being able to adjust the chat volume relative to the game volume is a gamer-friendly feature. I got these headphones in part to replace Logitech G933 wireless headphones that have been acting wonky lately. I prefer the G933 because it has clearer audio, the headphones fit more snugly but for some reason are more comfortable to wear with glasses, and because the on/off and volume controls are easier to use. (The G933 has a switch at the top thats easy to flip with the headphones on, while the Nari has a small button on the bottom thats harder to find with the headphones on and that you have to depress for a moment. The G933s volume control is just one dial, while I still get confused from use to use about which dial to play with to get the sound I want on the Nari.) I demoed both the G933s Dolby sound and the Naris THX sound, and if there was a difference, it was in favor of the G933. Bottom line: These are good wireless gaming headphones. They are easy to set up and use. They do not have fantastic sound, but they have perfectly adequate gaming sound, and the dual volume/balance adjustment wheels are likely to be appreciated by folks who do a lot of voice chat in games. The surround sound is definitely worth a premium over cheap headphones, but you may be able to find other surround sound headphones that sound as good for less money.
I was inspired to try these headphones because of the cool gel in the ear pads. I cannot stand how my ears get hot while using headphones like these. These headphones deliver in a HUGE way on comfort, including cooling. My ears didn’t get too hot wearing them, even for extended periods, and even my big fat head doesn’t feel squeezed by these headphones. That is so not typical. Beyond comfort, what I found with these headphones were many awesome features that show these headphones were truly designed by gamers: + Onboard storage receptacle for USB dongle. These headphones do not connect by Bluetooth, but rather by wireless with a small USB dongle that plugs into your computer—just like for a wireless mouse. This little dongle stores in the headphones so that you won’t lose it. Pretty cool. + Eyeglass friendliness. If you wear glasses, they thought of that. The earmuffs are designed to accommodate the arms on your glasses without applying too much pressure. This is amazing functionality that I wish I had in all of my headphones. Very smart. + Chat/gaming sound balance. If you want to hear your game or your chat more, just change the balance.  Are you kidding me? Crazy cool. + High-quality cords. The charging cord and optional wired connection cord (if the headphones need charging and you just gotta play) are high quality with braided fabric on the outside. No crappy garbage cords here! The only minor ding on these headphones is that is you want to listen to music with them, you’ll notice they aren’t quite up to snuff for the more discerning listener. I have other headphones that sound better. Also, every so often, there is a split second interruption in the connection, which I found annoying when listening to music. In summary, if you use these purely for gaming, I think you’ll love them.
I lost my review  due to a storm and dont feel like writing another long one.  Battery lasts several ~4 hour gaming sessions before a charge is needed.  about 12+ hours with haptic enabled.  Sound quality is comparable to the Steelseries Arctis 7.  Be aware I am not an audiophile so I cant compare it to something in that area.  Feels rugged rather than cheap plastics.
Ive been using a competitor product for gaming and computer use. It features similar sound enhancing and surround sound technology except that it comes with an amp and is wired. With the Razer Nari Ultimate, it is meant to be a wireless experience. That means the headphones is equipped with a built in rechargeable battery with a run time that varies based on the features you have activated on the headphone. There is a wired jack option BUT (and this is a big one) you will still need to have the headphones charged to go this route. Thats because unlike an external amp from the competitor thats powered by your computer/console, the Nari Ultimate has its amp built-in. PROS 1. Very comfortable earpads with cooling material. This allows for extended wearing. The best Ive used. 2. Self-adjusting headband. Not the first, but one of the best implementation down to nylon braided cables so ensure long-life. 3. Universal driver 2.4GHz wireless feature for PCs, Macs, and PS4. I inserted it on all three systems I own and it just recognized the headphones without a hitch. 4. HyperSense technology. Saved the best for last. Love the unique vibration technology that will make you feel part of the audio experience from gaming to listening to music. You feel the pounding without the need for a high volume. This is definitely a game changer among headphone technology. CONS 1. THX Spatial Audio is lacking in feature for me. It appears poorly implemented the sound quality changes drastically that I just turn it off and use stereo at all times. 2. The need for battery with regards to wired or wireless use. 3. Clunky volume and knob adjustment controls that dont sit well with the overall design and feel of the rest of the headphones. I would have preferred a more beefy control than two small wheels I could easily accidentally move while fidgeting with the controls. Overall my favourite computer headphones for gaming and music. I just have to remember to keep it charged so Im ready to go. Love the HyperSense technology and the metal design. Highly recommend to purchase.
As much as I do enjoy using this pair of headset, i gotta say the battery life is pure garbage, though this is probably the only complain I have. I see most reviews here complain about sound quality, I can assure you most of them did not explore and customize eq settings along with other features provided. With the right EQ the sound quality is great, so make sure to tinker around and find your personal favorite settings, not just complaining about default settings.
I have AKG and Beyer headphones I use regularly (one at work, the other at home). I prefer open-backed headphone, especially for gaming as it feels more immersive (maybe my brain can tell less well what is "real" vs. what is coming from the headphones. I have toyed around with other gaming headsets, and not had super-great experiences. I end up using my AKGs for gaming. That seems to have changed with these. They are big, and kind of heavy, but the suspension system is good, and the earpads might be my favorite yet. The earpads are memory foam (plus gel?) with pleather edges and a fabric fronts (where it touches your head). They really do feel cool. Not fashionable cool - actually cooler temperature. The wireless system is 2.4Ghz with a proprietary USB dongle... that slots into the right ear cup! Brilliant. There is no lag, and I have not had any interference issues. The controls are downplayed and hard to notice from a distance. Youll be using them by touch anyway, so that is good. The volume disc on the right cup is easy to reach with my thumb and works well. I have not used the mic - but it feels nice. It is an easily flexible arm that disappears into the left cup. While there is a grille on the outside of the earcups, I would not call these open-backed. Perhaps semi-open, though. They definitely block more ambient noise than by open-back headphones, but also do not feel as stifling as true closed-back headphones (though, maybe part of that is due to the cool ear foam). Yes, the Razer logo can be color-adjusted in the chrome software. That software is also where you set up the sound preferences. Im not one for synthesized audio trickery usually, but I have left the virtual surround settings enabled as I think it sounds better and more immersive when gaming. I have not tried listening to music like that yet. I have not had them long enough to judge the durability and quality of build. I expect to replace earpads about once a year, maybe a bit longer with fabric pads. These are replaceable, which is good, and they arent too bad ($20). I would also expect the volume knob to develop static as they all do, but even if that happened, you could just set it and adjust volume on your gaming device. Nice cans.
Razer is a class act.  I have no interest (at all) in unboxing, but these are nicely packaged... not the box so much as little touches like rubber ties and protective covers for usb.  It  is a very nice set of headphones, well packaged in a meaningful way, one which protects the headphones.  They also have a wrapped audio cable. The sound is remarkably good for gaming headphones.  They could even pass as audio phones!  As an audio fiend, that means something to me. They are also extremely versatile, able to connect to pcs, consoles, phones, laptops..  They have a usb cord, an audio cord and connect via bluertooth (though they were not recognized by my oneplus). The weakest point is comfort.  They arte huge!  Even on the smallest setting I was swimming in them.  They rested uncomfortably on my head, and are very heavy.  I do not think I could wear the for very long at a stretch.  My husband tried them too and also commented on the size and weight. and, they match my sons Black Widow keyboard (not my chroma) lighting up the green logo on the earpads,  which works, because he is the gamer.  Usually I would have him test them but he is going into finals at cal tech and is.... otherwise occupied ;)  He willl just have to take my word until he is done. Between comfort issues and bluetooth problems I would deduct a star BUT 2 things: it is the best sounding set of gaming headphones i have tried, buy a long stretch and 2) versatility & compatability.  I must have bought 2 dozen sets for my son when he moved from his consoles to his pc.  It is amazing what it took to find a set which worked.  This does, with all of them.  I am going to have to try the bluetooth with my tablet, and will come back and update.  I am just enjoying listening to them too much  :) I got carried away there. They have well placed and intuititive controls on the ear pads, and volume levels are very good.  Really, they did a lot of things well.  This is a quality headset.
Can you buy a good gaming headset for $25? Yes you can. I reviewed a pair a few weeks ago from Amazon and they were really nice. I woukd say theyre the Corolla of headsets. That would make the Razer Nari the LS460 of headsets. They have it all: Incredible comfort. The earpads are super soft and stay cool. The headband is wide and spring-loaded to softly sit on top of your head. You can wear them for hours with no discomfort. The sound is amazing. Not only do games sound great, adult music sounds incredible. The balance of highs and lows are perfect. The tonal quality is superb. The mic output sounds great too. You can connect through Bluetooth, USB or 3.5mm jack so youre not trapped to one device or system. Some have complained about how large they are. Well they are over-the-ear headsets and they are designed for gaming. If you plan on going outside with them I suggest you getting a pair of ear buds. Yes they are large but they weight so little you wont notice. The computer program adds to the versatility allowing you to adjust the music and change colors etc. These are the best gaming headsets I have ever used. They cost a hundred more than some and a hundred less than others. Id say at this price point you cant do any better. Highly recommended
Nice headphones for my PC.  I actually use for Netflix while I am sewing at home and it does the trick.  Longer battery life than some other ones I use.  Sound is good.
These are comfortable and great to wear for long periods of time. The only thing I would mention is that they have a volume balance wheel for game noise / chat noise and if I am wearing a coat the collar easily rotates that wheel. This is a bit annoying. Other than that, I like these a lot. 4.5 stars.
Ive owned 3 gaming headsets in the past, an older Turtle Beach model for xbox, an official PS4 headset, and the newer HyperX Cloud 2. The sound quality on this headset is comparable (even better) than those ONCE YOU GET THE EQ SETUP RIGHT. I saw alot of 3 and 2 star reviews here complaining about the sound, and yeah the out-of-box sound settings are garbage. Once you fiddle around with it though, it is an absolutely great sounding headset. There are several decent EQ profiles on the Razer reddit, but Ill post the settings I used at the end of the review. Remember, every headset is slightly different so my EQ settings may sound slightly off to you and need some adjustment. What really makes it though is the HyperSense, and I can definitely say that its worth the extra price. Ive never experienced anything like it on headphones. Its akin to your chair in the movie theater shaking from the ultra loud bass, except here it doesnt hurt your hearing and is very unobtrusive. I tried turning up the bass on my previous headphones, but its just not the same, I dont think I could go back. The THX spatial surround is great in games, its definitely better than the built in windows sonic virtual surround or the windows dolby app atmos surround, and far better than the HyperX 7.1 virtual surround dongle. As with any virtual surround solution though, youll want it off for anything other than gaming. You can try it in movies, it definitely does give everything a more spaced out sound, but it messed with the audio quality too much for me to use it. For gaming though, definitely keep it on. Tried it in Apex Legends, Black Ops 4, Devil May Cry 5, Ace Combat 7, Metro Exodus, and a few other games. Youll also want to configure it in the settings to have the right position for your ears. There is a slight degradation in sound quality as with any virtual surround, but it really does wonders for the positional audio, especially in battle royale type games. The chat and game dial is also something I never thought Id use, but Ill be honest, once its there its so much easier than manually adjusting voice and game volume through windows. One of the best things I never knew I needed. The mic is the biggest detriment in this package, and that combined with the necessary EQ tuning to get good sound is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 for the sound. It is straight up garbage, my friends said it sounds like Im underwater, and I can hear it too when I listen to it through windows. Its usable, but not up to par for a $200 headset, especially when the Hyper X Cloud 2s have an AMAZING mic for under $100. No amount of changing the mic settings fixed this. Ive read online that this is mainly a software issue with the Razer software and windows, and that would make sense as the mic sounds pretty good when listening to it just through the Razer software using sidetone and not windows, so hopefully it will be fixed eventually. The mic itself picks up sound well, and is very sleek looking, especially when stored in the headset. Build quality and battery seem good. It is the most comfortable headset Ive had, and thats saying alot since I had the Cloud 2s. The memory foam on the ears is insanely comfortable, and the cooling gel does a good job of keeping yours cool for longer than usual, Id say about 45 minutes to an hour for me before they really started heating up, as opposed to just 10 or 15 mins on my other headsets. The ear cups are also huge, nice, and deep. They completely cover my big monkey ears and the inside of the cups dont touch my ears. The self adjusting band is a godsend, and the clamping force is just right for me. You kind of have to find the sweet spot on your head so it doesnt just fall off when you walk around, but once youve got it, as long as you dont straight up head bang, theyll stay on pretty good. Battery lasts around 11 hours with everything off, and that time shortens as you use HyperSense and increase the brightness on the decals (which I just turn off cause I dont even get to see it anyway). As for the material, its a combination of metal and this very flexible, rubbery feeling hard plastic. Never really felt anything like it, but good and sturdy. The way the usb dongle clicks into the headset for easy storage is really convenient too. As for the software, I read it had some issues at launch, but I havent had any issues with it while using it except that if you are constantly messing with the "enhancement" settings the audio quality will become really bad, easy fix is to toggle the THX surround, and you wont have this issue at all once youre setting are dialed in cause you wont be messing with it. You can also adjust the strength of the haptics. Overall, definitely recommend over any other headset Ive owned thanks to the ridiculous experience and immersion it gives if youre willing to mess with the sound settings a bit and dont mind having a fuzzy sounding mic. Here are my sound settings: First off, make sure you follow the included instructions to properly setup the game and voice chat feature. I would change one thing from the manual though. Where it says make windows volume max and adjust the volume through the headset, I would flip that because when I set windows to max it occasionally made all my sound crackle at louder volumes for some reason. When I had the headset on max volume and adjusted volume through windows, I didnt have that problem. Also make sure your bitrate and channel are set for the highest setting on both inputs in the windows sound settings and for the mic. Now for my settings: THX Spatial Audio: Surround Sound for games, Stereo for everything else Enhancement: All off, except for Haptic Intensity set to 70 (the other enhancements just put filters on the sound and distort it, as is usually the case with these things) Make sure you have any other windows spatial sound options turned off, and any other software providing EQ settings or enhancements (like the ones through windows) turned off if you had them on. EQ: 31 Hz: +4 63 Hz: +4 125 Hz: +7 250 Hz: 0 500 Hz: -2 1 Khz: -3 2 Khz: +2 4 Khz: -3 8 Khz: +6 16 Khz: +7 This makes a pretty warm, bassy sound with a decent bit of treble, how I like it Mic: Volume Normalization: 50 Everything else off cause it makes your voice sound more muddy Again, once youve finished messing with your sound setting, go toggle the THX Spatial setting off and on again (or on and off if you arent using it) to make sure you dont have that weird low quality sound bug, and then youre all set. You can find other EQ settings on razers reddit and forums if you dont like how mine sounds. UPDATE 3/16/2019: So Ive found that if you use the headset through the wired mode, the sound quality on the headphones themselves is the same, but the mic sounds amazing, much better than any of the past headset microphones Ive had. My friends online confirmed so too. This leads me even more to think that the problem is something so do with the Razer Synapse software and how it communicates with windows. I contacted razer support about it and we tried some trouble shooting, uninstalling and reinstalling audio drivers, the synapse software, etc. None of it helped and they offered to do a full replacement for me, so they have good customer service at least, but I think Ill keep the headset I have now because lots of other people have this problem so I really dont think its a headset malfunction so much as their bad software messing stuff up. My review remains unchanged.
Gamers can be a critical bunch, especially when it comes to games and peripherals for their platform of choice. Read almost any review for any game and youll find someone who thinks its the worst thing ever. I only say this because after spending several weeks getting to know the Nari (and the Nair Ultimate) Im wondering if Im using the same headset at all as some of the one-star reviews would lead you to believe the sound from this headset is like a string tied to a soup can.  Setup: You know the routine. Open the box, charge the headset (included micro-USB cable) and download the Synapse software from Razers website. Once youre charged up, plug in the small format USB dongle thats about 1/4 the size of the typical Corsair or Logitech USB dongle, and get started. Thats pretty much it from an unboxing to listening standpoint.  Synapse: Ive used everything from Logitech Gaming Software (LGS) to Corsair iCUE and Id say Synapse is as friendly as LGS. I generally despise iCUE and I think Synapse is just lightyears ahead of where iCUE is from a user-friendliness standpoint. From Synapse youll access all of the advanced settings for the Nari. EQ settings, THX spatial audio, microphone, lighting - the works. Synapse is where youll make or break the Nari presumably by finding an audio setting thats to your liking or not.  Audio Experience: Honestly, the audio is great. I have no idea how this headset has so many negative reviews. Am I an audiophile? No, but I own an inordinate amount of headsets from gaming-oriented Turtle Beach (Elite 800) to Sennheiser and Sony wireless, noise-canceling sets. I rarely encounter a headset that I dislike so maybe Im easy to please. But to my non-discerning ears, the audio pumping from the Nari is fantastic. Vocals are crisp and clear and not muddied even when the bass is jacked up. In-game action on the games Ive tried - Diablo 3, Doom 3 BFG, Grim Dawn, and BF1 are likewise satisfying. The much-maligned microphone works well and my friends list didnt report any issues or that I sounded like an announcement on a typical mass-transit intercom. So what gives? Well, this is my second Razer headset and maybe I missed the boat on past great headsets by the company. The Kraken seems to have a lot of fans writing reviews here. Im not sure.  Compared to the Nari Ultimate: The single biggest difference between the Nari and Nari Ultimate is the inclusion of Razers Hypersense Intelligent Haptics in the Nari Ultimate. I think all that means, in a few words, is rumble for your audio. Im not trying to undersell the feature - I think its great but ultimately thats what it is. Haptics adds, according to me, what rumble added to controllers 20 or so years ago. Or in a single word - "immersion". The Nari Ultimate will move and beat - rumble if you will - along to the soundtrack of whatever it is your listening to. It can get pretty intense and Ive found myself fairly regularly tuning it down but its a cool feature. Do you need haptics? Probably not. Let your wallet decide.  Battery: The major advantage of not including Hypersense Haptics in the Nari is the benefit to battery life. I reported, on average, 8-10hrs of use out of a single charge on the Nari Ultimate. Here battery life is closer to 20hrs. All that rumble costs battery life, friend.  Fit, Finish & Comfort: Razer has done a good job keeping the Nari lightweight and comfortable. Ive worn this headset for 3-4hrs consecutively without any problems like headset-induces headaches or earaches. The cooling gel earcups are a bit gimmicky and really only feel cool when putting the headset on at first or after leaving it off for a few minutes. The cooling feature is a bit like finding the back side of the pillow - its nice and cold but only for a bit. The anodized aluminum frame is just nice all around and feels quality. Same with the color-matched plastics Razer selected for the earcups and plastic bits. Top marks from me.  Closing: In short, the Nari is a welcome addition to my gaming rig. I have no shame saying this is one fine looking and sounding headset. Perfect? Probably not, but Id spend my own money on this headset. Recommended.
Note: This review covers the Nari Ultimate. Amazon groups reviews together for similar products. You can view reviews specific to the headset of your choosing by using the filtering options at the top of the reviews section. Ive used and reviewed a metric ton of gaming headsets over the years for my PC and consoles but have never owned a headset from Razer. I guess the Nari Ultimate is a good way to get introduced to the brand because this headset has quickly become my favorite, replacing my as my go-to headset for my PC.  Setup: The Nari Ultimate (just "NU" from here on) ships with the USB dongle fitted into a recess neatly located in one of the earcups on the headset. The dongle is spring loaded so you just lightly press it to release it and insert it into a free USB port on your PC. The dongle is pretty small, resembling small BlueTooth or WiFi dongles, rather than the larger thumb-drive sized dongles on my G533 or Corsair HS70. Youll need download and install Razers Synapse software to get the most out of this headset and doing so is pretty quick and easy. I think I had my headset setup and ready for audio in about ~15-minutes.  Sound: So lets get right into it with the audio quality and some really cool aspects of this headset that set it apart. Im by no means an audiophile but the NU sounds superb to my ears. Synapse offers the usual adjustments including a full blown EQ and preset levels for activities like Music, Gaming, Movies, and such. There are gobs of options available to tune the audio to your liking. Im particularly fond of the Voice Clarity adjustment for gaming. Some games tend to lose the vocals especially with games that pack a lot of background noise (e.g. Doom 3). Having a separate adjustment specific for vocals is awesome and welcome! The other big feature is Haptic Intensity. This is the first headset Ive used to use this feature and from my understanding, it uses small motors similar to rumble in controllers to add vibration to the headset in tune to whatever youre listening to. Id describe the feature as adding more immersion similar to how rumble added feedback to controllers. The setting can be totally turned off, thus improving battery life, or tuned with fine granularity to your own individual liking. Compared to my G533 and HS70, the NU just overshadows those headsets in terms of baseline audio quality and features.  Build Quality & Comfort: The NU is a nice piece of kit and feels every bit as premium as the price. Considering the size of the headset, Razer has done a good job keeping weight reasonable. More importantly, the NU is very comfortable. Id rank this as the most comfortable out of my headsets. Even after wearing the headset for multiple hours, Ive noticed no pain on my ears, my head or headset induced headaches. Top marks all around. The main body of the headset is anodized aluminum with plastic trim pieces in the same gunmetal finish. The earcups feature a lot of very nice padding and the cooling gel on the part that touches around your ear. Its a bit gimmicky but does feel cool when you first put the headset on and cools rapidly after removing the headset. The material used on the earcups is not full-grain leather but leatherette.  Microphone: Theres been a lot of negative reviews about the mic so I figured Id break this out separately so its easier to find in my review. As of my testing on my Win-10 based PC, the microphone function is working wirelessly. The microphone issues seem to be isolated to the Nari Wireless but I figured Id at least clarify that on the Ultimate the microphone functions normally and without problems. Again, Razer included specific settings for the microphone to adjust both input and output and hopefully find the correct settings based on individual preferences.  Battery: Ive cycled through the battery in the NU about 6 times and on average Im seeing about 8-10hrs of battery life on average. However, Im also using the NU with Chroma lighting and Haptics enabled so that will significantly reduce battery life from Razers 20hr rating. For me, the 8-10hrs isnt a big deal since I can easily charge my headset in between uses and I never use the headset for 8+ hours straight.  Closing: By now anyone reading my review will know Im a fan of the NU. This is truly a premium headset and it shows throughout. Audio, build quality, and software are up to par with the asking price. Recommended!
Really loving my new Nari headset.I like the fact that it’s wireless and that there are no cords.It really immerses me Into fps’s like cod and csgo.It even helped me win a couple times.Volume could be a smige louder tho.Although if you have the money it’s 100% worth it
Alright, so I tried to find the best gaming headset for my PC, and I ended getting this headset because my other peripherals are Razer. My opinion of them is that they are cool for short gaming periods. The earcups get super hot after 10 minutes, and the headset is pretty heavy(this causes it to slide when u move ur head), the mike quality is somewhat garbage, and the haptics can hurt after a while. Although there are many negatives, they do have positives. The haptics are cool to brag about to friends, and the cooling gel is super nice when u first put the headset on. Games are also slightly more fun with haptics. Overall, Id give it a B-. To be honest, they dont exceed my expectations in what a headset is supposed to do.
Its good but theres no adjustment for the head set (can’t extend or shorten the size)
I first tried the HyperX Cloud 2 headphones due to the 4 - 5 star ratings. My personal opinion is the HyperX Cloud 2 overall sound quality did not impress me. I returned the HyperX and purchased the Razer Nari Ultimate Headphones and the moment I tried the Nari, my first word was, "WOW!" If you are looking for deep, rich bass quality, the Nari headphones are for you! A gripe about the Nari Headphones is that it does take some doing to get them working. Its not impossible and it is worth the fussing. Because once its all together, youll know it was worth it all. Worth the money, worth the setup. Awesome sound!
Great for wireless, but need allot of work. you cant use any features with the audio jack, and the sound is worse. The wireless must be on to connect to the software. (the software is glitchy). You will find yourself changing settings allot. The mic does not work with the audio jack, and neither does the THX sound settings. But as wireless headphones go, These are amazing, great sound from all rages, booming base, great connection. But they are very large, and if you move your head around too fast, they will fall off. The build quality is good, but there is little metal on the outside. Its mainly plastic.
This things are actually pretty great. The cooling that you get in the ear caps are really nice. Only complaint is that for some reason after using then for a little while in certain temperatures/humidity or something my ears/cup section get really humid or something it’s hard to explain but it only happened a couple of times. The build quality is right there as it should be with Razer; it’s pretty good. The sound is very good. They have a normal setting and a surround sound mod that makes playing games like you are right there in the game. It sounds weird at first but after using them for a while it sounds really good. And it’s also good for music and 8d music is like another level with the surround sound mode.
Comfortable a great sound in game.
The best sound effects produced by the Lofelt L5 haptic driver and spatial sound through THX Spatial Autio
Great sound, comfortable (although for a little person like me, theyre heavy!)
Best Razer headphone I have ever owned. My only complaints are that if you have Chroma and THX enabled the battery dies in a day, also THX can be a bit too much and will react to sounds that shouldnt give it feedback. Also if you where glasses it will make things blurry as it shakes your glasses.
Awesome headset!
I’ve had these for a few months now and are perfect. Really good sound quality and make your gaming experience very enjoyable. The only complaint I would have is the fact that they can slip off your head if you have a smaller head and look a little bulky.
The best headphones Ive used for gaming. The sound is incredible.
