We got this yesterday and it sounded great. That was until the mic suddenly decided to stop working. I am returning it for a refund. I am also returning the other set that I ordered this afternoon for myself. I dont want a product that has a known issue in which the company decides to turn a blind eye to. I will give someone else our business.
They sound terrible and have tons of software issues.
Super comfortable but the mic died on the 2nd day.
works great there are some issue with the vibration queuing the mic in voice chat but over all was great head set until it died after 4 months of use. working with razer for replace we will see how this goes.
If you want anything but a stereo headset with a microphone to use with your PS4, you probably need to look elsewhere. The first thing I noticed was that the chat/game mix adjustment wasnt working. I installed the Synapse 3 software to see if it was a configuration or firmware update problem, but had no luck. I eventually found a two month old Reddit post where the official Razer support account had told someone via PM that the chat adjustment just doesnt work on consoles. After making several config changes through the Synapse software, I plugged the headset back into my PS4 and found my own voice still sounded muffled. In fact,  with side tone/mic monitoring turned up to maximum, my own it was still a drop in clarity compared to sticking my fingers in my ears. I struggle to find evidence that any individual feature works other than a wireless connection, stereo audio output, and microphone input. The system cant even tell whether the headset is on or off, so I need to pull the tiny usb dongle or manually switch the output device in system settings any time i want to go from using speakers to headset or headset to speakers. The build quality seems okay, but the "cooling gel-infused cushions" dont seem to make any difference. It felt like wearing any other set of headphones. My experience with Turtle Beach headsets tells me that they actually have all the functions I want them to have, but their build quality is atrocious. Razer seems to be the opposite: a decently built frame covered in things that dont work.
I loved the sound and feel of these headphones.  Bought 4 pair for the whole family.  Two of the four headsets had the mic fail while using them wirelessly.  Razer support was no help and suggested I just return them to best buy.  Tried everything even went so far as to reformat my OS, still borked.  Its a shame because they really do sound great and feel great.
Got this as a gift. Sound quality is pure trash. Muffled mids and highs with amplified boomy bass. Microphone quality is the worst - tinny, quiet and cuts out often. I dont ever want to download Razer software, so at least give me the option to turn down the bass in the barebones driver menu. Well see how long the electronics last (probably dead after a few months considering this brand). Spend your money elsewhere.
The haptic feedback overpowers everything. Sound quality is OK. WIFI is good. The gamechat volume is broken.
I bought these headphones specifically to use with the switch - they are NOT COMPATIBLE despite what the product description says. I tried every USB port on the dock including disconnecting my ethernet adapter to use the USB 3 jack on the rear, no go. I also tried using the port on the switch itself just for kicks (using an adapter cable), that didnt work either. My switch is running version 7. It is possible support will be added in a later system version, but they do not work as of Feb 2019. They do work great on PC (win 10 WS), Mac 10.14, and Android (tested on both my Sony xz2c running pie, my wifes Note 8 running Oreo). I even went so far as to cook up a crazy scheme to use an old Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 (low-latency input) I had sitting around, and a raspberry pi to pipe the audio from the Focusrite to the Nari, but couldnt get the lag much below 150 ms or so. Same story with a PC, but I wasnt about to devote a whole PC to the project. The best I could get for latency on the PC was 73 ms. This is a shame as the headphones otherwise are really nice, my only complaint is they are a bit heavy but they remain comfortable with big soft pads. The sound quality isnt the best but it is acceptable. Honestly, they sound like $50 headphones. I assumed that was about typical for gamer headphones as these were my first pair meant specifically for gaming - I was looking for low latency and nothing else. "THX Certified" means nothing anymore as Razer bought the THX brand outright. I did try them with my PC and they work great there, but I dont really play PC games anymore. Im playing splatoon, mk8dx, and ssbu. These headphones actually work as two separate sound outputs, one for game and one for chat. The levels can then be adjusted with an honest-to-goodness KNOB (no buttons or touch pads here!). I found the volume knob to be rather scratchy (electrically noisy) and flaky (the left and right levels wouldnt come up at the same time) so I see Razers usual levels of QC are in play with this product. I love the way they look. The green glowing sides remind me of a Mcintosh product. The vibration feature is gimmicky, but it is a neat gimmick. I did not find it overbearing and it felt reasonably convincing. In order for it to feel overbearing, the volume must also be turned up to an overbearing level. I am surprised there are no synapse controls for this device. I am using the latest Synapse 2.21 on my PC (Razer stealth w/ core, blackwidow x te, and mamba 16000) and the headphones were not recognized at all. OTOH, it is really great that Razer is finally starting to back away from needing this software for their devices to function. I was fully prepared to give these phones a 3-star review because although they are not switch compatible, and the sound isnt the greatest, they are otherwise quite nice. Now, to twist the knife: I returned these headphones to Amazon, and got myself a pair of Playstation Golds. They work BRILLIANTLY. The sound quality is VASTLY superior. They are extremely lightweight, although not quite as comfortable and lightweight as my bose AE2s. I would wager the sound quality of the Playstation Golds are even greater than my Bose AE2 (admittedly, those are rather worn out seeing nearly daily use since 2015). The switchs volume OSD even works with the Gold - not correctly, but it does move up and down even though the absolute position is wrong. Oh, btw, the PS Golds are 1/2 the price of the Razers. I picked them up from the local supermarket on Friday and had them in time for the weekends Splatfest. Used them ALL DAY on Saturday - not a single glitch or hiccup. I am fully recommending the PS Golds to my clan and several other discord servers. At least until Nintendo gets off their ass and either makes their own headphones, or a controller with a jack.
headset is comfy for its weight and bulkiness.  The Synapse software that powers this headset is TERRIBLE!!! that alone leaves me regretful of this purchase. All my gear is Razer products. and for the price it is not worth it. Buy any other headset, because synapse will quit working several times over the course of a couple months. The fix is easy. Just uninstall and reinstall synapse again. But the issue is that synapse will quit working mid game leaving you with crappy audio until you can fix it. THe batter last nearly 8 hours with all the bells and whistles turned off. (heptic feedback, Lighting, bass boost). With all the lighting and everything else turned on, the headset will only last 3 hours. and there is no battery to replace. The usb receiver for the headset can NOT be purchased separately so if anything were to happen to it youd have to buy a whole new headset, all for a simple USB receiver. Do NOT BUY, of all the wireless headsets ive used and owned, this is by far my least favorite. Buy HyperX, or even Logitechs are better.
In defiance of all reviews I ordered a set of Nari ultimates hoping for a product that had the kinks worked out by now. I should have known better.  Alright , first the sound quality, now recently there was a large update that seemed to somewhat fix the “sorta” surround sound you get with gaming headphones, sorta. But this is by far the worst sounding headset since T-Beach. As with any gaming headset it’s tuned like a 16 yr olds car stereo. All bass and no treble.  After cutting the low end out entirely and beefing up the top end these started to almost sound as good as my buddies $65 C-airs.  These have haptic feedback and if utilized properly they can fill in some of those lows you took out so that you actually feel the bass rather than hear it. Also first person shooters sound really cool. Only downside to this is that when people talk in chat their voice also runs threw haptic feedback and it sounds ridiculous and ruins first person shooters audio. This chat haptic feedback can’t be disabled as of yet.  I despise RGB and therefore have mine off. It’s LED so I can’t imagine it draws much juice anyway yet these don’t seem to last threw a Friday night gaming session with that feature off. At the end of the night I end up fumbling with the terribly designed USB port on the headset so that I can try and finish the round with intermittent audio and listen to the windows tone every few seconds when the headset dies and reconnects until my pc locks up and I shut down and angrily call it a night.  I don’t know how they thought producing a headset that can’t play and charge was a good idea but it happened. There were meetings with concept presentations followed by product testing and likely more meetings and they still went ahead and did it.  If I had payed $100 for this headset I would say this is what I should expect for buying a $100 “gaming” headset.  But I payed over $200 for these and that was to much. Buy the best studio cans you can afford and a mod mic. You’ll find out what your game is supposed to sound like.
well had just purchased from best buy was incredibly disappointed headset felt great except the sound was like 1/8 what I had on the kracken v1 v2 and the razor I cant member what it is called the wireless 1 dont know why but sound is turned all the way up looked in synaps not really any thing you can do in that so well for over 150 you should be able to think reasonably  that sound might beat a 50$ headset mamby just bad headset but mamby not was returned after 15 min
Where do I start. I bought the Nari’s to match my other Razer products and the freedom of wireless. I was very disappointed in both the sound & build quality of the headset. Compared to my Hyper X Cloud the build quality is considerable cheaper and the sound is mediocre at best. Pros: Wireless Chroma RGB looks amazing Wireless dongle plugs into the headset for storage. Battery life is very good Cons: Buggy Razer Software Dual Game/Chat outputs was more annoying then useful due to some games not supporting 2 audio outputs. Headset fit very loose compared to other Razer headsets Virtual 7.1 sounds horrible Sound is muddy across all ranges (bass overpowers even the mid/highs) Almost the entire headset is plastic and bends/flex’s quite freely.
My 20 dollar Logitech headphones sound better, seriously DO NOT BUY - they die really quick, they sound terrible and are very cheaply made. The haptic feedback is a joke as well.
e the headsets sound sounds heavy and presendent, but MIC is inoperative.  DO NOT BUY
Not worth the price can get much better quality headphones for half the price the vibration feature is a big gimmick which increases the price
spends a great deal of time working decent to great then randomly decides to make the out of range noise on and off cutting out repeatedly sometimes crashing programs in the process like games or netflix. I attempted all the problem solving issues and still it loves to randomly do this. no its not a battery issue no its not range. unless battery level becomes a issue 5 minutes after unplugging it, or range of a arms length is to far away. i wasted my money and a great deal of time talking to people and looking up this product ignoring the other issues as they didnt matter to much but when a product just doesnt want to DO ITS JOB there is a problem dont waist your money on this product. If you do well obviously your loss.
Never before have I found myself regretting purchasing a Razer product until I bought this horrendous piece of trash. In the past Ive always sworn by Razer peripherals and have even previously purchased limited edition items related to the games I was interested in.  Yet this headset is so unbelievably bad, that I will never buy another Razer product again. Alright, now that my rant is out of the way. Heres whats wrong with the Nari headset. 1.)  It constantly disconnects and loses signal for no apparent reason. While that itself isnt particularly good, whats worse is the insufferably loud, high pitched whine blasted into your ears each time it does disconnect.  With this in mind, there are plenty of supposed fixes you can find online including suggestions that involve plugging the recharging cable into the PC and instead trying to use the headset as if it were wired, yet even this fails to correct the issue. Furthermore, even going into your hardware settings, and disabling your PCs ability to manage the power for the USB ports fails to fix the problem. 2.) Microphone quality is atrocious. 3.) The Razer software (Razer Central and formerly Synapse) offers a vast variety of features, all of which are technically shallow and offer only cosmetic and minor adjustments (such as changing the color of your peripherals, or making them illuminate at various intervals.) In the end, do yourself a favor, and dont buy this headset. So there it is, what can most easily be classified as an Angry review.  But hey, at least I didnt write in any obscenities.
Dont waste your money on any razee products. These things are meant to break and they do not stand ny their warranty
I’m not happy with these headphones in any sort of way... the mic picks up everything that comes through the headset speakers no matter how low I turn it down... to get any sort of actual use out of the spatial feature I have to turn up the volume but then I pick even more feedback up... I feel like I can’t win... the wireless range is complete crap... the only good thing I can say about these headphones is that I can sometimes keep my set customized color showing up on them... I’ve had these for a little under two months.... RazeR... I’m disappointed and I feel betrayed. I guess I should of listened to the reviews before I spend $200 on a product that was boasted as good quality
Had 3 months. Right ear speaker had developed a buzz already. They are comfy but easily fall off. Bass is not great for a headset price. Maybe should have tried the Ultimate version with built in subs. But then would be out more money if the speaker still failed this quickly. Overall it looks and feels very nice. But probably not for a heavy user.
Sound quality was extremely terrible everything sounded muffled music sounded like garbage. Mic quality was really terrible. Was having and issues with my mic not working and not being picked up so switch yo my old razer kraken pro v2 headset and my friends immediate reaction was "oh thank God you sound way better now". Overpriced headset with bad mic and sound quality. Also didnt fit me well at all even at the smallest the strap could go it didnt sit right on my head and was super loose. The haptic feedback is completely pointless I thought I d be cool but instead just gave me a migraine. Do not buy this garbage!
I have many Razer products which I have always liked, so when I needed a new pair of headphones I decided to check out what Razer had. I ordered the Nari Ultimate and when they came I could not wait to try them out. They are very comfortable for their large size but thats when my enjoyment stopped. After install there was a sporadic beep boop in the headphone so I though maybe the battery was low, nope. I contacted Razer customer service and after finding out that the new Synapse 3 in only in BETA and that they would not work with Synapse 2 but that my keyboard and mouse only worked with 2 and not 3 I got a little frustrated. After they told me to do a complete wipe of all Razer software and reinstall I was very hesitant because I thought my legacy K&M would no longer work. After contemplating just to return them I waited a day and just decided to do the complete wipe and clean install. It worked for about 30 sec and then beep boop and spinning wheel on the app in synapse. I contacted customer support again and all I got was sorry, they must be bad, return them. The most disappointing part was the fact that they released a $200 set of headphones that only work with a BETA version of software that the rest of my Razer gear does not work on.
We havent even had a chance to properly try these out much because the battery doesnt last very long.  My husband is the one who used them the most and he said they maybe last an hour before needing charged.  When he did use them, he wasnt impressed with the sound or the mic quality.  I havent used them much, but I hate the ear pieces because they swivel, which is just not normal to me (or to my husband).  We both went back to our wired headsets and these are just collecting dust.  Definitely not worth the hefty price!
Instructions too small to read. Does not work!
Purchased these headphones and couldnt get the Razer Synapse 3 Beta app to recongnize the headset on my computer. After going back and forth between people on Razers customer service they instructed me to simply send it back because something was wrong with it. So I cant adjust the mic and sensitivity like your suppose to and the headset needs tweeking for gaming. So I give it a horrible grade because the Razer customer service and lack of helping me get my headset fixed is horrible.
Listen to the reviews saying that this headset if an RMA nightmare. It worked fine on the first day and then mysteriously stopped working within 24 hours. Total waste of time. Its a shame too because I wanted to like the product and the headset was comfortable on my ears. Unfortunately I needed a microphone headset and not earmuffs. 5 star earmuffs. 1 star RMA nightmare.
I felt like this headset wasn’t built for gaming to me it seems it was built for music.
Wow! Just wow, the Razer Nari Ultimate is soooo awful, and at $200!!??!?!  I wanted to get a pair of good headphones to help me stream while on the PS4 that would also be awesome on my PC, so I ordered this pair. It is far from plug and play technology. The directions that came with this are bad. At one point I took the foam off the ear pieces like the directions told me to get the proper registration numbers only to discover they were on the actual box. It took a good 25 minutes to figure out how to get the padding back on correctly without ripping them. Once installed, the synapse software failed to recognize the headset and that took an hour to figure out... it was not until I completely uplugged the headphones and used them wirelessly that the software recognized the headset and allowed me to adjust the EQ, mic, and other levels to the different features that come with this product. Though, I never could get the sound to work through my PC when the headphones were selected for the audio output, though, oddly, the THX sound would work when testing it in the synapse program. Then came connecting to the PS4... try as I might, I could not get the mic quality to not make it sound like a walkie talkie. The mic is crap. The cheap little mic that comes with the PS4 sounds better by far. It is not even close. That cheap little PS4 mic retails here on Amazon for just over $5. The sound for the Razer Nari Ultimate is alright, but I have had $50 headphones that sounded just as good to me. The haptic technology that cause the headset to vibrate works well on the PS4 and is actually pretty cool, but not worth the price combined with the sound and mic quality.  Five hours after unboxing and trying to set them up, I gave up on these headphones. For $200 these things are trash. Dont waste your time and money on these. Currently here on Amazon the rating for these headphones is just 3 stars and I think that is more than generous.
These headphones are incredibly comfortable, and they sound great.... when they work.  There are major issues with what I assume is connectivity, because they will randomly beep in your ear (A LOT when it happens) and lose audio every time they beep (isnt low battery, because it happens the moment you start using them after the nightly charge).  Also there is major issues with this headset and the Razer Synapse 3 software that controls all the bells and whistles of the headset.  Whenever you have Synapse 3 installed, all you hear is a VERY LOUD crackling sound, and Synapse 3 has to be uninstalled to use them (which means you lose out on all your Razer products features). I will say however, if you can deal with the inconveniences and annoyances of these things, these are great headsets.  They are the most comfortable headset I have ever used, and the haptic technology (the vibration from sound) is next gen immersion.
Im not gonna lie I kinda expected it to be able to let you use the chroma setting on consoles even while loading all the settings on a PC but it kinda let me down. The sound itself is decent the ear pads are good and I would say it still wouldnt be worth the price
Didnt buy this on Amazon, but everytime I buy a Razer product (THEY NEVER WORK) it just will not work....I dont understand  it....its blutooth capable.  I put in a different gaming headseat such as Corsair ....and will never have issues.  Why is RAZER overpriced and OVERATED product.  NEVER EVER BUY RAZER PRODUCTS!  THEY ARE THE WORSE!!!
I am a fan of Razer products, however these are the worst headphones that I have used.  They are built with so many moving parts that the headset will not last 6 to 8 months. Cooling gel?  Thats very misleading..its no cooler than any other over the ear headset. For such a steep price, I would definitely advise to choose another headset.
I had a Razer Man o War but wanted to switch to something a little newer so i went for the nari. I had high hopes but after a couple of hours of talking to friends on discord and trying to tweak any and all settings i realized the mic is just very poor quality. I experimented for a while but each time my friends told me my old headset (the Man o War) sounded better.
I got these for my son for gaming and listening to music, in January. 3 months later and there are problems. The mic drops out, other players say they cant hear my son clearly at all, when they can hear him at all. They dont charge properly any more because the internal part to place the charging plug seems to have recessed in a bit too far so that the plug doesnt make contact inside the headphones, in order to charge. For $200. this is unacceptable.
Loved this headset when I received it just like my Mano war but little more comfortable. Well wore it one night raiding was awesome on discord. Then went to bad came back next day MIC will not work on anything skype discords razer comms nothing. Sent back and received a new one from amazon. Did the same exact thing after one day MIC stops working so this time I returned for my money back and will not order another RAZER headset until they figure out there software issues.
The headset was amazing until after only a week of having it the mic broke I’ve had this happen with every razer headset I’ve had I will not be buying from them again if you don’t care about the mic break feel free to get this headset because it’s great otherwise
Im not sure what to do at this point, ive been trying to find a fix for this for a long time now and i just cant do it anymore, Dont buy this headset. Theres a weird problem with Razor synapse or something software related that breaks the headset audio drivers or something along the lines of that. Which causes the headphones to only produce this strange loud static buzzing sound no matter what noise is being played through the headset, theres no update fix for this, and i cant find a work around the headset just deteriorated over time on its own and started doing it. Theres video proof on youtube ill post in the reply section of this review. sincerly, a very frustrated Razer customer.
I bought this headset for music, games and some home studio work, and the headset fails to deliver on every one of them. I have several Razer products and generally love their stuff. I was replacing my Razer Kraken with the Nari. First some positives: The headset itself is pretty solid. The wireless dongle is great, good wireless range and comfortable. Where the headset fails spectacularly, and why I highly recommend you dont buy it yet, is the supporting software. As pretty much every review has complained, including the paid reviews, the Nari has horrible sound. The bass is over the top and the mids are non-existent. This isnt the hardwares fault, but the Synapse 3 software that you have to install to use it. The included EQ doesnt fix the sound but gets it to a barely tolerable quality. Once you enable THX, then the sound cant be fixed. In game, everything sounds like youre firing your gun in a tunnel and the quality is so bad, that the directional sound is useless. The microphone, if you can get it working, is equally a bad. It seems to pick up all the random noises except your voice. Like others have said, it sounds like a cheap microphone. The final issue, if the others arent enough, is that loudness doesnt turn off. In game you wont notice it, but if you listen to music, youll hear the sound oscillate with drum beats and vocals fade in and out. The music quality already sounds horrible, but adding this just makes it insulting. I tried to work with Razer support and didnt have any luck resolving it. I must have been told to re-install the drivers and software a dozen times. The software teams blames the hardware team and vice-versa. They will bounce you back and forth until you finally complain in the forums and then get no resolution there either. In the end I was told that sound is subjective which was a final indicator to me that they just arent going to fix it. So in the end, I returned the headset and went with a competitor product which doesnt have any of these issues. Hopefully Razer will fix their software and then the Nari will live up to the Razer name, but until then I cant recommend these to anybody.
The noise cancellation and comfort despite the bulky feel of the headset was quiet nice. The ear pads were fantastic, and overall the default audio setting were ok. However THX Spatial sound usually made things sound worse or too echoed, the mic did not work at all, all the PCs I tried would pick up that there was a mic connected to the system yet the mic would not register any noise input. The design was really cool, the range of the headset was terrible, maybe 5-10 ft max, you go through  a wall and its bleep bloop bleepin at you and would force you to turn off and back on the headset. Overall its a good headset if you play single player games and never want to use your mic, but youre paying for a mic. So just buy another headset.
Im going to be honest this was a great headset. It was good when talking in game chat but the down side was there was no game audio besides other players talking. I tried using the usb and there was no sound at all. When I plugged in the aux there was a faint hum but no gunshots or footsteps from the game. I know this review may be up and down but if you want this headset for Xbox Dont. It may say it works but it doesnt. I do however see myself in the future rebuying the product once I switch to pc. Since I wont be switching for awhile I am returning them and trading them for the threshers.
This is the worst headset ive ever bought, even without considering the insane price. I have a pair of really cheap turtle beaches that are better than these in every category other than comfort and appearance, and they cost a literal fraction as much. When I first used these I thought they were faulty, but thats just how they sound. Then I tried using the mic with some friends, and they said I was not only too quiet but also gave THEM an echo. How thats even possible is beyond me. The mic that comes out is way too short and picks up background noise more than my voice. I downloaded synapse and messed with the settings for hours and no matter what I did they were still horrible. Then the best part is the battery life. These things die in a couple hours. Its pathetic. The haptic crap is just a party trick. Its definitely not a game changer. Also they advertise these as a metal frame and they are almost entirely made of cheap plastic. Combine all that with the massive 200 dollar price tag and I feel like I just got mugged. I would give these a 0 if it was an option.
Pros: 1)  Material quality is top notch, and well made. 2)  Battery life is lengthy, charging quick. 3)  Comfy to wear for long periods 4) Good music quality, occasionally. (See below). 5) When being used in gaming, the THX spatial effect is immersive and impressive. 6) Apparently unlike some users, my mike worked fine and reliably. Cons: 1) Sound quality on internet music sites (Pandora, Spotify, Amazon Music) is variable quality - many diverse problems, with sound fading in and out, suddenly stopping, sounding distorted etc. When the music stream was working, the sound was nice but the extreme hit and miss functionality is both inexplicable and unacceptable for a product at this price. 2) The haptic feedback is an awful, unpleasant gimmick. Even at lowest setting, the thumping feel along your head and face is just head scratchingly annoying. Does anyone over the age of 12 like thumping sensations along their skull to match some soundtrack or in game noise? Yes, you can turn it off, but I presume this adds to the price of the unit and also has an opportunity cost in terms of knocking out other more useful features. 3) The phones are thoroughly unusable for any purpose besides computer listening. No on phone volume or pause control, etc. Baffles me how Razer can so casually assume that no user will want to do anything else with these expensive headphones besides listen on a PC. The price point makes this lack of versatility even more annoying. 4) Synapse - Razer continues to insist all users of their hardware need to register on their site and download the ugly, complicated, memory hof Synapse software suite. Many will find this both tiresome and offensive. Neutral: 1) Uses a USB port, no BT option. Not surprising, given the need for the THX feature, but a BT option for regular use would have been nice, but I guess those who want a BT headset can always buy something else. Summary: Lack of versatility, irregular functionality with music streaming, high price, the useless haptic neck thudder feature, and the "Synaptic gap" that requires users to download awful software and register with the mfgr to use all features of their hardware make these a very non compelling buy for all but Razer fanboys. The THX efffects in supported games mitigates the suck to some extent, but the wired Kraken headphone offers that, along with a cheaper price, the option to save a USB port, and more reliable music streaming, so the Nari is just pointless in my book.
Very Comfortable Even More Than The Sony Wh1000m3 I have But When It Comes To Gaming I Cant Tell Where Things Are Coming From. Which Is Crucial For FPS Gamers And This Thx Spatial Sound Is Supposed To Be Better Than Surround 7.1 Which Isnt The Case. Overall For The Price Its Not Worth It.
These do not work with Xbox Elite Controllers. I have 2 Xbox Elite controllers and these headphones do not work with either of them. Plugging them into other devices (such as my phone or iPad), they work just fine.
From the start i liked the headphones from quality sound and the awesome future of the haptic feedback. But at a glance they seem great. once i got in to the games and had all the software set up, if the game does not support 5.1 or 7.2 surround. you can not utilize the THX Spatial Audio. heres the kicker, more research on the webpage for the headphones and fine print at the bottom of the page "* Only Static lighting effect and 2.0 stereo audio output is available" If you do turn it on it makes all the audio sound like its underwater forcing you to remain in stereo mode basically turning them in to glorified stereo headphones with some extreme base. On to the software part. After installing razor synapse 3.0. It  wasnt until a week later that i discoverer the software does not support my Razor Ourboros rendering my 100$ mouse useless. Little did i know there is no longer any support for it other then legacy software forcing you to buy new products. Also when using game chat or the mic, i always have to switch from the desktop the audio and mike output, all of my other headset would automatically switch when connected. SO it makes it a hassle having to back out of a game just to get your headset going.  Overall if your looking for an expensive set of stereo headphones, then look no further. For this reason i returned both the headphones and the stand. On a good note the 2.4g Connector makes a really good range when just using for music or chatting on discord.
Ive gone through 2 headsets so far. The first one broke after 30 days while the second one broke after a few days. The headphones dont hold a charge and gives you a warning sound when it needs charging. You shouldnt hear that if its plugged in all the time. Dont get me started on the fact that it will last only 2-4 hours long instead of what they advertise. Then you hear static in the headset. Avoid this garbage from an otherwise good company. They are now the turtle beach of the headset world. You might as well stick normal headphones into your computer as there isnt any good headphone company out there for PC.
I bought this headsets thinking they were the best in every aspect, but the only good aspect it has is the Hypersense technology, but even though it says it works in device its wrong. It only fully works on PC, and sometimes on xbox. The hypersense technology turns on when you turn on the headphones, but for some reason(that even razer support could not give me the answer) when you connect the 3.5mm cable to the headset it automatically turns off, disabling also the hypersense technology and the audio quality just massively drops. Another point is that the sound quality is not good, I tried listening to Bohemian Rhapsody and in some parts of the song(when they mix highs and lows) the sound will just not work, especially on the highs it well get to a point where it gets to high, and when they combine a low and high the volume of the song will automatically go very high and then calm down, I tried fixing this with normalization of volume and it didnt work. And in games like apex legends, the hypersense will just throw you off, it will just vibrate on both sides making it harder to identify the footsteps of the enemy. Other bad point is that the headset does not work with an elite controller, for some reason everytime i connected with the elite controller the audio will just turn off, I could not hear anything, but when I connected it to a normal Xbox controller I could hear everything but so my friends, I would be playing fifa and my friends could hear the commentator of my game, and it was not the TV definitely since I always put it on mute. The headset is just to bad calibrated in almost everything, the Hypersense, the EQ, the volume normalization, the support to able to use it on multiple platforms. I definetly would not recommend to people who dont play on PC since is practically useless.
This review is for the Nari Wireless, but all of the Nari headset use the same microphone to my knowledge. Overall, the sound quality is good (when NOT using THX) and the headset is pretty comfortable to wear. But thats about all I can say about it thats good. The microphone is pretty much unusable regardless of what settings you throw at it in Synapse or Windows, the fit of the headset is best described as "floppy" when youre moving your head in any direction, and the battery life is just "OK" when you disable RGB. I could have overlooked some of the downfalls such as the battery life and "floppiness", but having too many issues with communications using the mic was what brought me to return it and go back to my Kraken 7.1 v2.
Upon opening the box, I was very excited to try these out.  After all they are well made (construction wise) and are super comfortable.  The meta frame looks like it will hold up much better than some headsets with plastic, yet even so they are not very heavy.  A great start!! But then the issues start.  First and foremost is that the mic cuts in & out.  This is really annoying and a complete showstopper; literally!  Next, I cant decide on THX/SA - leave it on or turn it off?  You would think it would be better on but I actually appreciate the sound quality more with it off. So, for the money... NO WAY.  Even at a lower cost it would be a negative review with the microphone issues. Look elsewhere.
This headset is probably more like 2.5 stars. I really, really wanted to love it, but for close to $200 Im just not feeling it. The sound is crisp and clean but WOW if you are playing a game with a lot of bass (for instance, I most recently used these while playing Red Dead Redemption 2, a.k.a. constant hoofbeats) the bass is, well, a bit much, even when the sound is turned down fairly low. Also, at one point I knocked the mic about three inches away from its normal position and my friend could barely hear me. I feel like the mic should pick up sound better than that. Additionally, no matter what I do these will not pair wirelessly with my PS4. Im used to wired headsets so Im not gonna knock a star off for that, but if you really really want a wireless headset, Im not sure this is the one for you.
Product was great, cooling ear cushions and Bluetooth was heaven, until it came to gaming on my Xbox. When playing with others, the echo from your teammates voices and the game volume itself somehow is extremely loud and the only way to fix this is to basically play on a low volume. However, the issue with this is playing on a low volume competitively is a problem itself. Not worth it for competitive gaming, besides that, works great!
I had my son and my husband try these and give their feedback.  My husband used them to listen to music and found them to be very comfortable but was not impressed by the music playback quality.  He is picky and knows what he is talking about when it comes to HiFi sound.  In fairness, they are not really designed for this purpose. My son used them with his Playstation for gaming.  His focus was more toward how they worked for gaming sound.  He gave them a middle-of-the-road rating.  Not bad but not outstanding either.  He did not experience any specific problems but found the effects were not up to the hype.  Very usable and comfortable but did not experience the "spacial audio" that he was expecting.  His 3 star rating reflects an evaluation of price to gaming sound enhancement.  He thinks there are better options available in this price range.
After receiving the Razer Nari wireless headset I tried them on and instantly connected them to my PC. On one hand, the sound quality was very good, rivaling the Bose QC 25s. On the other hand, I joined a chat in Discord and was instantly told the microphone quality was horrible. I then sat in Razer customer support for 2 hours for them to just offer me a refund, so I have since returned these headphones as the mic quality is quite lacking. Conclusion: Good headset for someone looking for great audio quality, cool RGB, and wireless functionality, but horrible for anyone who uses the microphone on a daily basis. A bit bulky for my liking as well, but not as heavy as I would have expected. 2/5
I have purchased two of these now and both go defective after restarting my computer. Essentially, the mic no longer works over USB. The mute/un-mute seems to work fine (in terms of windows recognizing the input mute and synapse recognizing its muted), but un-muting it results in no audio being detected. Ive worked with Razer both times on the issue and they say the same thing: "please return it". This is clearly a problem with the Synapse 3 software (which is still in Beta) & Nari hardware because I can plug in the combo 3.5mm jack and it works fine (on a phone or laptop). Using USB on any other computer results in the same problem: the mic no longer works. I have found NUMEROUS posts on the internet of people with the same issue. Maybe this is isolated to the Nari and not the Nari Ultimate. In either case; DONT BUY UNTIL THEY FIX IT.
My son is a huge gamer.  During the winter months, thats how he and his friends stay in touch ... gaming.  That being said, team communication/chat is probably just as important (if not more important) than game sound for him.  He messed around with the game/chat balance and said that he just couldnt get it where he could hear his friends and the game at the volume level he needed/wanted.  He put these on the table and has been playing with his old Turtle Beach headphones.  I am shocked that a pair of headphones this expensive doesnt have better and more options for sound.
Bad battery or cable shipped with the Razer Nari from amazon. Maybe old stock. I can have the cable connected continuously and it still seems to go out...
Pros: Comfortable Not super heavy Nice metal frame so they dont break over time Lights up with Chroma to look fancy with other Razer products Cons: Sound better once the THX Spatial Sound is turned off Sound Normalization seems to be always on, which gets annoying Complaints from party members that mic didnt sound that great for the very very short duration of time that they were actually able to hear me due to an issue the Naris (both of them) have. Apparently, the headset has no way of hard resetting the presets that are saved to it, so once one goes and changes ANY settings for the headset while using it wirelessly (which is the point of being wireless) THE MIC STOPS WORKING. Turning them off and on, uninstalling hardware for all peripherals ( I have a razer keyboard, mouse and got the stand with the headset) and redoing everything one at a time and in the end, still had the same result. Damn shame. Per the specs, everything was pointing towards a SOLID headset. Instead, I got wireless headphones or use with a wire, which defeats the purpose of them being wireless. VERY Disappointed. Returned both headset and stand. Too late for the mouse and keyboard.
This device does not work on Xbox one as is claimed on the front side of the box. It is stated that the device can work with xbox through the 3.5mm port. However when attempting to play and talk through chat there is a loud echoing that can be heard by other party members. The only way to avoid this is by turning the volume way down. When reaching out to support I was told "We apologize for the inconvenience that it caused you. Since the device is newly purchased. Please ask the store for warranty claims and ask for a replacement on your device." They had suggested bringing the product back as it could have been an issue. When I told best buy and received another the result was the same issue. I told this to support who then said it could be a problem with my controller (yet I tried to get it to work on all 3 of my controllers). Once I informed them that I had tried on each of the controllers they then told me that they didnt have a solution. Dont waste your time like I did. It is a nightmare and there technical support team is not helpful at all. I would go for a brand that is better with helping their customers. This was my first attempt at purchasing a razer brand item and wont be doing so in the future.
The Synapse software thats supposed to work with the headset is full of bugs and it does not work well with the hardware. I had to send my first headset back. The company charges me $200 as a deposit (the price of a new one) for an advance replacement.  The tech support at Razer is horrible. Forigners with little knowledge usually take your calls after plenty of wait time. Their warranty coverage is bad too. If you buy their products used, youre screwed. As for this headset, I love the haptic thing, but thats about the only thinig thats good on it. The headset is WAY too big for my head and constantly tries to slide off. The mic does not pick up well at all and you have to put it right in front of your mouth to be heard. The frame seems to be a durable quality. The range of the wireless dongle is poor; It fades out as soon as I walk out of my room. No way to use any other wireless interface like WiFi, Bluetooth, or anything like that. Bottom line: If you can live without the haptic or can find it in any other headset, avoid this one.
Awful and didn’t work. Do not buy
I own a lot of Razer products, but their headphones have never been my favorite. I also own a lot of headphones and have received review copies from two competing companies which I will not name here. I only mention this to let you know that I have some experience with both the company and headphones in general. That said, here are my thoughts. Sound: These are the best sounding Razer headphones I’ve ever tried, but that’s a pretty low bar. After many struggles with drivers and sound settings I’ve managed to get them sounding almost as good as headphones that cost around half as much. Haptics: The raving about this feature has me questioning my sanity. I just don’t understand what anyone would like about it. I found it very distracting in the many hours of Apex Legends that I played, and it ruins music. Turning the setting down to its lowest levels improved the situation, but then what’s the point? Maybe I should be questioning the sanity of others? Features: The features (haptics aside) are why I let my dumb friend talk me into buying these cans, and they’re the best part. The multiple volume knobs, retractable mic with indicator light, chromia support, it’s all pretty great. I wish the rest of the experience matched up. Build: The materials are fine for the price point. I like the cooling pads, but the effect wears off pretty quickly. Comfort: Good and bad. These are the widest cups I’ve ever seen on a headset, and they are very heavy. There’s not enough tension on the headset to keep them from sliding down my head as I play. The haptic vibrations only exacerbated this issue. They’re not uncomfortable per se, they just don’t stay on very well so I’m constantly needing to adjust them. Unfortunately I can’t recommend these headphones at anywhere near the suggested retail price. Maybe try them if you can get them for half off. There’s a lot of promise here though. Razer seems to be improving things in what I consider to be their worst category of products, so I’m hoping that trend continues.
Extremely disappointed that they said it works with Xbox One but cannot connect wirelessly to it. If you are looking for an Xbox One wireless headset, look elsewhere otherwise just buy a cheaper wired headset. Especially since Razer has other headsets that can connect wirelessly to Xbox One.
Update 1/8/2019 I have now had to return the replacment headset as it was defective as well. That is now 2 Razer Naris i got that weredefective. The first one did not want to charge, and the second one; the mic died and i was no longer able to use the THX sound effect. Amazon has refunded me and I will be purchasing a differentheadset from another company. SadI spent 150 on a headset that never worked. I will have to change review from 4 stars to 2. Pros: Love the cooling feel and the cups. Good wireless range. Easy setup. Cons: First order arrived and the headset would not charge. Had to get a replacement. There are no real instructions for the heaset. Still not sure how to use the Game/chat balance on PS4. Headset also sits very loose so if you move alot, they will slip off. Overall these are an upgrade from my old heaset. I think they are overprices for the features. Sound quality sounds the same as my old 25$ headset.
Garbage Product! Microphone becomes inoperative, like after its used once. 5 months back and forth with Razer sent in for a new one. New one same thing microphone inoperative. Now, waiting for the 3 million back and forth emails with Razer to get a refund! DONT BUY IT, you will truly be sorry that you did.
At the first use the microphone works fine, however after turning the headset on and off the mic just goes mute. I have used it on another PC, tried every possible option to resolve it, contacted with Razer but nothing helps. I also asked for a replacement from Amazon and the replacement unit has the exact issue! IF you want to use this peripheral as a wireless headset, YOU CANNOT. You can either use it as a wired headset (which you can buy for a cheaper price) or a wireless headphone. I really liked the headset overall wish it had a functioning mic.
Razer clearly doesnt care about quality, I got 2 defective headsets from here. First one the wireless adapter went out the second has a background noise with no sound playing, but thats not the worst part when charging it continually connects and disconnects from the computer shutting off and resets synapse. Im simply giving up on having a Razer headset because NO other headset has given me this much trouble. Not to mention Razer support will make you jump through hoops with software fixes (that you have probably already tried) for hardware problems. Such a disappointing product and experience with Razer support. Lastly dont listen to Amazon support who sends you to Razer support for broken products.
The fact that this headset costs 200 bucks for a mic that sounds absolutely terrible is a damned shame. The only reason I gave this 3 stars is because it is really comfortable and the vibrations are super imersive in single player games. Do not expect to use this for multiplayer, you will literally sound how the people at McDonalds sound coming out of the speaker at the drive thru.
After a week the mic stop working
These headphones royally suck. The battery life is terrible, and you cant use them while theyre charging (even though youre supposed to be able to). For $200 there are way better options out there that I strongly encourage to at least look at.
The sound is pretty good, as long as the THX is turned off. Even music sounds pretty nice compared to my ATH M50xs. The haptic feedback thing is pretty damn cool, but thats where the features end. The mic only works when in the PERFECT position after fiddling with it for 20 min. It doesnt sound that good for users on the other end from the response of my teammates, it likes to mute itself sometimes? Its really weird. Im going back to my M50s. Was hoping for an improvement from Razer, didnt get it. EDIT: The mic is now completely gone, regardless of fiddling with it.
the headset will not stay connected to PC.  after talking to support they determined that the unit was faulty and I should contact Amazon to replace.  they will not RMA a defective product.  I will never buy a Razer product again.
I had a pair of Man-O-Wars but they wore and the plastic head band broke...so I decided to upgrade to these. They kinda stink. The material is great and game sounds it fine BUT and its big one ---- every time I start using the mic -- the Mic has this stupid effect where the ends of all my sentences trails off going softer and softer where people cant even hear my last word spoken.  And with Synapse app -- there are so many stupid settings I cannot figure out the one to fix it.
They worked great while gaming and talking to other players. They are also very comfortable and have a wireless option.  They however were not very good when trying to listen to music from my phone. there is also not a Bluetooth option to connect to devices.
Ive bought a lot of different headsets ranging from <$50 to $400+ over the years, but the haptic feedback on this was the first intriguing innovation for headsets that Ive seen in years.  When it works, it truly does invoke a visceral layer of immersion.  I was concerned on many levels how this would play out.  Could it rattle your head and still be comfortable?  Would the haptic feedback rapidly drain the battery?  Those fears were allayed pretty quickly.  These are possibly the most comfortable cans Ive ever worn, and the battery life is solid, if not spectacular. However, the sound is utterly abysmal.  Granted, Im coming from Astro A50s, and their sound quality is hard to top, so I expected a little downgrade.  However, the Nari Ultimates were so tinny that I assumed something must be wrong with the headset.  Hours of adjustments and attempted tuning, and days of searching online have yielded no better results.  In fact, the search only revealed that the audio is nearly universally panned for the Nari Ultimates in particular. (Yes, I expected my Sennheiser, Corsair, and TurtleBeach headsets to likely sound better, but I thought these would at least be on par with my much cheaper Logitech or Plantronic headsets - and theyre not even close!)  You can easily get better sounding headsets for less than a quarter of the price.  Additionally, Synapse 3 is required to make any adjustments... and its still in beta.  Apparently, the software is causing all kinds of issues for other Razer devices, so before you purchase, make sure to check out potential pitfalls there. Bottom line, Razer has come up with another very innovative product, but in doing so has cut a few corners that it shouldnt have.  In the end, I feel like this is a $30 headset with a $170 feature.  I just hope that feature can translate to better audio quality devices in the near future.
Everything about this headset is fine as far as gaming headsets go. Audio is crisp, Fit is fine ect. What youre probably curious about is the haptic feature. As far as that goes its pretty pointless. The problem is that unlike a rumble feature in a controller that gets activated for things SPECIFICALLY programmed into the game and at appropriate intensities, this thing goes 100% based off of sound. What that means is that there is ZERO nuance or sense to the haptics. Footsteps will rumble your head as loud as firing a machine gun will. A gust of air will vibrate your head with the same intensity as firing a sniper rifle. Your teammates using voice chat will feel the game as a grenade going off. Basically imagine the rumble feature on your controller rumbling at all times and at almost the same intensities for an entire game session. Its horrible. If there was a way to set lets say just gunshots to rumble, or only explosions or just different things that made sense this headset would be awesome. Unfortunately thats not possible with this device so unless you just want a headset that rumbles continuously for any little sound then steer clear. Also, the haptics were audible to my teammates on discord and I had to disable them in competitive play unless I went push to talk.
Uncomfortable, terrible echo, and no way to fix it.
The mic is terrible, as well as the audio. The hyper sense just gets annoying and doesnt seem to help and the headset its self is not comfortable. I would not recommend this headset it is confusing to set it up the way you want it to be but even when you get it how you want it to be it still lacks in performance compared to many headsets that are cheaper. I would not recommend this product.
Got scammed cheap product was sent very unhappy with it
Not bad when they worked! They dont work on iracing
Headset has a lot of nice features, sounds awesome, looks awesome, and is simple to install and set up. Main problem and reason for 2 stars is the Synapse software for this headset is god awful. Headset also doesnt like to charge properly overnight and will turn right back off as soon as I unplugged it. Could be an issue with a couple of things, either battery of another problem with the software.
When i payed 200$ for these headphones i expected a quality sound and good build quality but its really bad . The reason this product have some 5 stars reviews is because some people newer used a good pair of headphones and dont have anything in their experience to compare it to . Sound quality is bad , my ligitech g933 sounds better and cost only 90$ , more then 2x cheaper . Build quality is awful , its made out of plastic and a cheep one too that you can find on 30$ headset. Only metal parts are 2 head frames which are cheep too . Especially dont buy it if you have a smaller then average head , i have a bigger then average head and even i feel like they are too big for me . Microphone is not bad and not good , i would say its ok if i payed 50$ for this headset . Ear cups getting worm after an hour of play and takes some time to cool off after you take headset off , and leather on ear cups feels cheap and they are hard to replace if they get old or damaged , headphones that i bought 5 months ago for 100$ feels better then these . Comfort is the only good thing about this headset. I will return it . PLZ dont buy this headset, its horrible and you will be disappointed .
Ive had my Corsair Void headest for like 3 years and thought I was due for some new ones for some reasons not related to this review. The product had the standard awesome packaging and presentation that you come to expect from Razer. The headset is comfy, a lot more sound proof than the Void for sure. The haptic feedback was the part I was most interested in, though, since people were saying it was SO COOL. Its not. Its neat, I guess, but its honestly more distracting than anything. Its just a vibration that goes with deep sounds. Its distracting and wears down the battery. When its low on battery theres a low hum, and you cant use the haptic feedback as its charging for the first 30 minutes or so. The reception is extremely poor from the dongle. I walk 10 feet in a straight line from my desk and it starts to beep from low reception. The volume controls are neat. The left ear has one that controls the volume from chat (discord, etc.) and in game, and the right ear is master volume. Love the idea, but these are SO easily turned they change every time you touch your headset. Im not rough with my equipment but by simply taking them off and putting them back on, I have to readjust my volumes (figured that out the first 10 times I couldnt hear people in Discord). The sound quality is extremely poor. With a price this high, these NEED to work right out of the box, but instead, the bass is super turned up to flaunt the haptic feedback (aka, vibrate your ears). It takes a lot of configuring to get the volume from the headset to not relay BACK into the mic (so party members can hear themselves echo) which is remarkably difficult to fix without someone on the other line constantly telling you how they sound to themselves. Bottom line, for $200, these things better work and work WELL. Haptic feedback is ultra not worth it. I thought it might be and dropped the extra $100 like a dumb dumb and now Im returning them hoping to get that money back. If it becomes standard and they throw it in for like $15-$20 extra, totally. Not $100. There are better wireless headsets out there. These look cool but thats literally it.
These headphones were great until my first pair stopped working. The Razer Nari is known to break so be careful when looking at these headphones because there is probably a 30% chance either the mic or whole headphones dont work. Im on pair 3 for a few months now and they are the most comfortable pair around and the sound is good. The mic is ok my friends say is dull and kinda flat. so overall if they work its a 4/5 but due to the fact that your first pair might not work its a 2/5
This headset would be pretty decent, but it DOES NOT work with Xbox one. Everything that comes through your headset is sent back to members of your party chat, so they hear your game sounds and themselves talk. If you only play single player games, maybe it’s good enough but for most of us this is completely unacceptable. Razer without a doubt knows about this issue and their overseas tech support lacks reading comprehension to help you. I’ve wasted hours being told “hmm that’s interesting” like they’ve never heard of this and to set the mic as my default recording device...in WINDOWS since that could clearly fix it on Xbox One. A quick search of Nari Ultimate Xbox One Echo reveals dozens of others yet they are still taking people’s money for an unusable Xbox One headset. On top of that, the mic sound is complete garbage for a $200 gaming headset. I would give it a 4+/5 if it worked like it says. It’s pretty nice other than being so heavy and slightly loose fitting that it slides down your head. The haptic feedback is pretty neat They can eat my return and I’ll buy some Astro’s.
